Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night. The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
New York's 19-10 win at Washington eliminated the Redskins (8-7-1) and allowed the Packers and Lions to secure playoff spots before their game kicked off. But the teams are heading in opposite directions. The Packers have won six in a row while the Lions lost three straight.
Earlier in the day, Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5) secured a first-round bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans. The Seahawks beat San Francisco 25-23 and earned the No. 3 seed.
The Cowboys (13-3) already locked up the NFC's No. 1 seed before they played last week.
In the AFC, Tom Brady and the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 to secure the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched a first-round bye thanks to Denver's win over Oakland coupled with their victory over San Diego.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making his first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
Here's a look at the playoff teams by seed:
AFC
1. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m.
2. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Coach Andy Reid is 3-0 in divisional playoff games when his team has a bye. All three wins came with the Eagles. The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m.
3. PITTSBURGH STEELERS: Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown had an early bye. They sat out an overtime win over Cleveland in preparation for the Dolphins next Sunday at 1:05 p.m.
4. HOUSTON TEXANS: They need to sort out their quarterback issues before the Raiders visit next Saturday at 4:35 p.m. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 in Mexico City on Nov. 21.
5. OAKLAND RAIDERS: Carr's season-ending injury deflated a team making its first playoff appearance since losing the 2003 Super Bowl to Tampa Bay.
6. MIAMI DOLPHINS: It's unknown whether QB Ryan Tannehill will return from injury when the Dolphins play their first playoff game in eight years. Matt Moore was 2-1 in Tannehill's absence.
NFC
1. DALLAS COWBOYS: Dak Prescott only played two series and Ezekiel Elliott sat out a loss at Philadelphia to get ready for the playoffs. The Cowboys will open against Green Bay, New York or Detroit on Jan. 15 at 4:40 p.m.
2. ATLANTA FALCONS: They will host Seattle, Green Bay or New York on Jan. 14 at 4:35 p.m.
3. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS: Russell Wilson and the Seahawks start their drive for a third NFC championship title in four seasons against the Lions next Saturday at 8:15 p.m.
4. GREEN BAY PACKERS: Rodgers has the Packers riding high into the playoffs. They were a No. 6 seed in 2010 when the last won a Super Bowl. Green Bay plays the Giants in this season's final wild-card game next Sunday at 4:40 p.m.
5. NEW YORK GIANTS: Were locked into the No. 5 seed, but Manning played the entire game and the Giants knocked out the Redskins. Manning has won two playoff games at Lambeau Field, beating Brett Favre and the Packers in a frigid NFC championship game following the 2007 season.
6. DETROIT LIONS: Wilson, Richard Sherman and The 12s stand in the way of Detroit's first playoff win since the 1991 season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Paulinho moved from Tottenham to Guangzhou Evergrande for £9.9m in the summer of 2015, there wouldn't have been many people who saw his next move being to Barcelona.
The Brazilian midfielder is considered a flop in North London after two less than productive seasons at White Hart Lane, but at 29 he's earned a move to the Catalan giants which has surprised pretty much everyone.
However, it is far from the only time that football transfers have shocked the world.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: REUTERS)
Plenty have been quick to comment on the odd nature of the transfer, but the switch has got nothing on these deals.
Julien Faubert to Real Madrid, 2009
Behold, the greatest photograph in football history.
Julien Faubert's loan move from West Ham to Real Madrid in 2009 remains one of the more bizarre decisions in the history of the Spanish giants, with the face being pulled by Alfredo Di Stefano when he presented the Frenchman with his shirt a thing of beauty.
Faubert played just two games for Real, famously falling asleep on the bench in a match against Villarreal.
Amazingly, he woke up and it wasn't all a dream.
Sol Campbell to Notts County, 2009
(Image: PA)
Never one to make a predictable career move, Big Sol signed a FIVE-YEAR contract with League Two's Notts County in 2009, hearing the words "Middle Eastern consortium" and "director of football Sven-Goran Eriksson" and presumably seeing dollar signs rolling in front of his eyes.
Alas, things weren't as they seemed. Sol would last just one game - a 2-1 defeat to Morecambe - before he was off, claiming that those owners weren't exactly who they claimed to be.
Carlos Tevez and Javier Mascherano to West Ham, 2006
(Image: Getty)
The news on this one just seemed to come out of the blue, with Premier League fans suddenly waking up and realising that West Ham had gone out and signed two of the stars of the 2006 World Cup overnight.
If there was something that seemed dodgy about the transfer that's because there was something dodgy, and although Mascherano soon jumped ship to Liverpool, Tevez's signing was later investigated and found to be breaching third-party ownership rules.
The fact that his goals kept the Hammers up that year meant that it was probably worth it.
Ronnie O'Brien to Juventus, 1999
(Image: Daily Mirror)
What do you mean who? You know, Ronnie O'Brien!
When the 20-year-old Irishman - who played in his country's Under-16 European Championship title-winning team along with Robbie Keane and Damien Duff - was released by Middlesbrough in 1999, there was only one logical club to join. Juventus, obviously.
The midfielder made the switch to the Italian giants, but he'd never actually play for them, embarking on less-than-successful loan spells at glamorous-sounding locations such as Lugano, Crotone, Lecco and, er, Dundee United.
He finally left a no doubt heartbroken Juventus for FC Dallas in 2002.
Bebe to Manchester United, 2010
(Image: Getty Images)
This was a very weird one.
Portuguese winger Bebe - formerly of Homeless World Cup fame - had only signed for Vitoria de Guimaraes five weeks earlier, but then he pitched up at Manchester United for a vastly inflated fee of around £7.4m. And then he turned out to be useless.
Seven appearances, plenty of overhit crosses and three loan moves away later, he eventually left the club in 2014.
Edgar Davids to Barnet, 2012
(Image: Getty)
Formerly of Spurs, Dutch legend Davids had been living in North London and getting involved in Sunday League games for a couple of years when, in October 2012, he suddenly became player-manager of Barnet.
Despite his best efforts he wasn't able to keep the Bees in League Two that season, and after staying on for his side's Conference campaign he was sent off three times in the first eight games of the season, a run he sought to improve by refusing to travel to away games that required an overnight stay.
Jamie Stevenson to Real Mallorca, 2003
(Image: Daily Record)
They haven't made a film of this yet but they probably should do.
Teenager Jamie Stevenson had played a couple of games for Alloa in the Scottish lower leagues when he went on holiday with his uncle to Majorca and had a kickabout. That kickabout was spotted by a scout from Real Mallorca, and suddenly the Scottish youngster had signed for the La Liga side.
He didn't play a game for the first team and rejoined Alloa 18 months later, but they can leave that bit out of the film.
Tyrone Mears to Marseille, 2008
(Image: Paul Thomas)
There wasn't a lot to admire about the hapless Derby County side of 2007/08, but Marseille liked the cut of Tyrone Mears' jib.
The right-back was whisked over the France on loan - against the wishes of his club - and he was given the No. 8 shirt to add to the weirdness.
After seven games - which included scoring the winner in a UEFA Cup tie at Ajax - he moved on to Burnley, which seems more like it.
Allan Simonsen to Charlton, 1982
Danish star Allan Simonsen had just scored the goal which won Barcelona the Cup Winners' Cup, but when Barça signed a certain Diego Maradona in 1982 then there was no room for him.
So obviously he joined Charlton Athletic in the old Division Two, apparently turning down Real Madrid and Tottenham in order to have a quieter life in leafy Greenwich.
His time in South East London didn't last long though, and he moved back to Denmark with Vejle after just 16 games.
Kevin Keegan to Southampton, 1980
(Image: Getty)
In 1980 Southampton weren't the stable, stepping-stone-to-Liverpool Premier League force that they are now, and so their signing of the reigning European Footballer of the Year Kevin Keegan came as something of a shock.
Keegan joined the Saints from Hamburg for £420,000, moving back to England an inspiring his new side to a top six finish.
GRANVILLE -- Firefighters have responded to a morning blaze that has reportedly destroyed a business on Granby Road, officials said Saturday.
Firefighters responded to a fire at 407 Granby Rd. just before 6 a.m., Granville Fire Capt. Joshua Rutola told WWLP.
Part of the building, which housed a business filled with wood-working equipment, collapsed on itself as firefighters worked to extinguish the blaze, Rutola reportedly said.
Crews will have to tear the building apart to ensure the fire is put out, the news outlet reported. The cause of the fire remains unclear.
Firefighters from other departments in Massachusetts and Connecticut also responded to the fire.
No injuries have been reported in conjunction with the blaze, according to WWLP.
By The Associated Press
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) — Denver Broncos coach Gary Kubiak stepped down from his dream job on Monday because of health concerns, saying “the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me.”
Kubiak missed a week of work in October after suffering a complex migraine, his second health scare in three years.
Kubiak went 24-11, including a victory in Super Bowl 50, but a 9-7 finish this season kept the Broncos out of the playoffs.
General manager John Elway said he was saddened and disappointed in Kubiak's resignation, “but I understand and respect Gary for doing what's right for him and his family.”
Elway now embarks on his third head coaching search in his six seasons as Broncos GM.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamaal Lascelles claims Newcastle have silenced the critics who dismissed them as “just a Championship team”.
Newcastle were written off because of their lack of investment in new players and Lascelles is delighted they have proved the doubters wrong by climbing into the top 10.
The Toon skipper is proud of their campaign, even though their four-match winning streak ended in defeat to Everton on Monday.
“I'm always going to be disappointed in defeat,” said Lascelles. “But at the same time I'm over the moon with how we've been this year.
“Everton have spent a lot of money and they've got some real good players in their team.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Monday's game could have gone either way so the same people who were saying we were just a Championship team see we're now looking up to push on and catch the likes of Everton and Leicester.
“I'm pleased we can say we're not a Championship team.”
(Image: Newcastle United via Getty Images)
Lascelles claims Newcastle will still target Everton, even though they have slipped four points behind them.
“We've lost, but there's no reason why it should dent our confidence at all,” he said. “We're still in a great position and we're still on the toes of Everton.
“There's no reason why we can't catch them. We just need to make sure we take care of our next game.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Low visibility is being blamed for an accident involving a school bus that sent two Farwell School children to the hospital.
It happened at 6:48 a.m. on M-115 near Cedar Road in Clare County's Freeman Township.
The Clare County Sheriff's Department reports that the school bus, being driven by 54-year-old John Gretcka, came to a stop at M-115. After waiting for a vehicle to pass, the bus began to cross M-115, not seeing a Northern Logistics Semi tractor trailer that was going southeast.
Investigators report the driver of the semi-truck, Benjamin Florenza, 40, of Freeland, tried to avoid the school bus, but ended up hitting the front end.
Of the 14 children on the bus an 8-year-old boy and 12-year-old boy were taken to the hospital for minor injuries.
The bus driver and semi-truck driver were also treated at Clare Hospital and then released.
The incident remains under investigation.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
Both the Times and CNN, which has published its own story about the intercepted communications, cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence Listen · 7:01 7:01
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
Michael Flynn, whose tenure as national security adviser lasted less than four weeks, was among the Trump insiders who were regularly in touch with Russians, according to CNN.
Flynn resigned late Monday after reports alleged that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country's ambassador — and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. The chain of events emerging today suggests that those contacts in late December are separate from the calls cited by officials who discussed contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian nationals during the heat of last year's election season.
President Trump called the new reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday.
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
In Washington, government leaks have fueled a succession of unflattering stories about the new administration, from details about President Trump's phone calls with foreign leaders to rumored rivalries among senior White House Staff.
Faced with a new leak Wednesday, Trump tweeted, "The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence' like candy. Very un-American!"
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence Listen · 7:17 7:17
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Date Taken: 12.31.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:53 Photo ID: 3082975 VIRIN: 161231-A-GD775-009 Resolution: 3904x2602 Size: 4.78 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW
Web Views: 2 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Promotion [Image 1 of 4], by MAJ Julius Penn, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Nintendo is no stranger to hackers finding exploits in its system, but for the very first time it appears that they've uncovered one that Nintendo can't patch.
Two very similar exploits have been discovered, both of which take advantage of a security weakness in the Nvidia Tegra X1 processor. It's because the exploit is at the hardware level that Nintendo can't fix it permanently with a simple patch – it'll take revising the actual processor to solve this problem.
As a result, homebrew code can now be used on every Nintendo Switch and we're already seeing console supporting Linux with full touch controls.
Hacktastic
The exploits have come from fail0verflow and Kate Temkin and both sources have documented their methods. Fail0verflow expressed some wariness towards revealing vulnerabilities like this “for fear of them being used primarily for piracy rather than homebrew.”
However, they added that the bug is “so obvious that multiple people have independently discovered it by now.” Knowing that the bug will be made public sooner rather than later, fail0verflow decided to release their hack “to make it very clear that we do this for fun and homebrew, and nothing else.“
While we've seen relatively harmless implementations of the Linux OS, the main concern here is, of course, that the exploit will eventually be used to run pirated software, posing problems for Nintendo's Online service before it even launches.
According to those behind the discovery, Google, Nintendo and Nvidia were made aware of the issue 90 days ago via Google's responsible disclosure process. Nintendo's knowledge of this weakness in its console could go some way towards explaining the rumors that there's another version of the Nintendo Switch in the works with a newer (presumably bug-free) processor from Nvidia.
In the meantime, it seems that Nintendo's main option is to start looking for software-based deterrents to these hacks, whether that's to detect and lock hacked systems or make altering the OS impossible to go back on and therefore a significant risk.
Even before Nintendo gets involved, there are already significant risks to hacking your Nintendo Switch and fail0verflow sums them up pretty well:
“If your Switch catches fire or turns into an Ouya, it's not our fault. It's stupidly easy to blow up embedded platforms like this with bad software (e.g. all voltages are software-controlled). We already caused temporary damage to one LCD panel with bad power sequencing code. Seriously, do not complain if something goes wrong.”
Chantel st claire Reviews advise that people who tried urge for food eventually managed to get a staple of their skin care regimen. They loved the results and want to continue working with it. The cream starts showing initial results within month of regular usage. So the free trial is merely enough for only one to know whether the cream is effective on your skin. So rather than buying individual products like moisturizer oil rejuvenation cream emollients antioxidant rich creams etc.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/chantel-st-claire/
Last week a Dillingham resident reported seeing a drone flying near his residence and around his neighborhood. As flying drones becomes an increasingly popular hobby, it can lead to questions. Can a drone fly through a persons yard? And what rights do a property owner have if one does?
​
Dillingham's Michael Paisley was outside with his dog last week, when he realized that he was in the presence of an unwelcome visitor.
“We were just standing there in the woods waiting for her to do her business when I heard a weird hum.”
Paisley looked up to see a solid red light with green flashing lights around it.
“I instantly realized it was a drone,” he says. “I watched it zip over our heads and buzz around the second floor windows of our apartment complex, all the way around the whole house, and then back over the woods where we were standing, and then around the neighbor's house around their windows and then back where it came from.”
Paisley didn't call the police, but he did take to the Facebook to alert the neighbors.
“I just posted. I said, “peeping drone alert” because, I mean, why else would you be flying around at 11, 11:15 at night, looking around people's windows or over people's property unless you're up to no good? So I just wanted to let the neighborhood know that there's somebody out peeping.”
Paisley says that others who live in the area have also noticed a drone flying around the neighborhoods between the Vitus gas station and Waskey Road.
As flying drones becomes an increasingly popular hobby, the relatively new technology raises questions about privacy and legality. Drones flying through people's yards around near windows at night, might make some uncomfortable. But that in itself is not technically illegal says Dillingham Police Chief, Dan Pasquerello.
“The airspace in America is controlled by the FAA, so the airspace above your house, above your property is not your own. It's public property,” says Pasquerello.
Even if it is not illegal to fly over someone's yard, there are variations on that theme that could be a crime.
“If a drone is annoying you that violates the Alaska law of harassment. You could contact the police. We'll investigate it and, if appropriate, file the applicable charge,” Pasquerello explains. “The worst case scenario is there's a crime of indecent viewing or photography. That may be what people's main fear is of drones spying in your window at night. In that case, that is a more serious offence, a felony offence that we could charge.”
Then there's the question of vigilante justice. As Dillingham's residents discussed the drone sighting, some suggested it should be shot down. Pasquerello says, however, that to do so would be illegal.
“If you shoot down a drone you're destroying another person's property. You could be charged with the Alaska statute of criminal mischief. Plus, discharging a firearm within city limits carries its own municipal ordinance violation of a $75 fine.”
Senator Shelley Hughes, who has co-chaired a legislative task force on the issue since 2013, reiterated that point in an interview two years ago.
“No, you cannot they're aircraft,” she says in response the question of whether or not property owners can shoot a drone flying above their land.
Hughes adds, “We have to realize that although some of these may be under a $100 in the hobby store. If they're a commercial user, they can be up to $100,000, and from the ground they can look the same. So it's someone else's property. If they are hovering over your private property and you feel like your privacy is being invaded, that's when you call your local law enforcement.”
The task force published guidelines for safety and privacy. It clarifies that Alaska's Constitution protects individual's privacy. It also reiterates that, by the U.S. Constitution's fourth amendment, law enforcement must obtain a warrant before search and seizure. This standard also applies to search by drone. A 2014 state law established specific training and protocol required for police drone use.
Federal laws largely pertain to the safety of airways, like requiring drones to fly below 400 feet and to avoid operating near airports. Some states, like California, Florida, Texas, Mississippi have laws that specifically address private citizens capturing images or video by drone. For now though, law enforcement in Alaska uses existing privacy law to address those issues.
Contact the author avery@kdlg.org or 907-842-5281.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
Ray Turnbull, a member of the World Curling Hall of Fame and Manitoba's 1965 Brier championship team, has died. He was 78.
Curling Canada said on its website that Turnbull died of leukemia at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre.
Born in Huntsville, Ont., Turnbull rose to prominence as a curler in Manitoba. He served as the lead for Terry Braunstein's squad that captured the '65 Canadian championship and finished runner-up to the United States at the world men's championship in Perth, Scotland, later that year.
Turnbull became a successful analyst after his career and was part of TSN's curling broadcast team from 1985-2010.
Rachel L. Lindsay, a 31-year-old lawyer from Texas, will be the next “Bachelorette” for the upcoming season. Here's the interesting part not only is she the first African-American lead on “The Bachelorette,” since the onset of the show 14 years ago but she's still on the current season of The Bachelor. Therefore, it's also a first that they announced the next Bachelorette while she's still on the show. Talk about a spoiler alert. Am I the only one confused? Seems a bit odd if you ask me.
The final episode of the current season of “The Bachelor” is scheduled to air next month. Here's an idea…Maybe you can make a bet with someone who doesn't pay attention to all of this and say I bet you Rachel doesn't get the rose. #Winning Just a thought 😉
According to a new study out of Japan, if you want to lose weight, it could be as easy as chewing gum while you walk.
The researchers found that when people combined walking and chewing gum, their heart rates were higher, they used more energy, and lost more weight than if they just walked without gum.
So what's the explanation? They're not 100% sure, but they think it could be connected to something called “cardio-locomotor synchronization.”
That's where your heartbeat syncs up with a repetitive movement, so by chewing gum, you get your heart up into the cardio zone and keep it there.
If you can't do both at the same time, never fear, neither can Peter from “Family Guy!”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The weekend is often the time when we do our ‘big shop', when we fill up a trolley for the week to come.
There's a good chance you or one of your friends and family will have picked up one of these products from these major retailers.
The Food Standards Agency is issuing product recalls for these three products.
You should not consumer them, but instead return them to the store for a full refund. The Nottingham Post reports they've already been taken down from the store shelves.
It could be important for your health.
Here's the rundown:
Boots Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote
Boots is recalling its Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote because it contains milk, which is not mentioned on the label.
This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents.
No other Boots products are known to be affected.
The advice from the Food Standards Agency if that if you have bought the product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat it.
It advises returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Boots is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall.
The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.
Product: Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote
Pack size: 110g
Use-by date: up to and including January 30
Item Code: 80-61-068
Sushigari ginger
A range of ginger has been pulled from shelves at Waitrose and Sainsbury's stores as some jars may contain pieces of glass.
The Sushigari product is sold through kiosks at some stores by Sushi Daily.
The Food Standards Agency says the product may contain small pieces of glass - which makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk.
Notices have been placed in stores.
A Sushi Daily spokesman said: "As a precautionary measure, we are asking customers who have purchased this product not to consume it but return it to their nearest store, where they will receive a full refund.
"For any questions regarding this recall, please contact Sushi Daily directly by calling their help line on 0203 006 7896.
"No other Sushi Daily products have been affected and Sushi Daily would like to apologise to their customers for the inconvenience this will cause."
Product: Sushi Daily Sushigari
Jar size: 140g
Best before: 02/06/2018
Batch code: 18081
Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules
The Food Standards Agency has recalled Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules, on sale at health food shops.
It confirms that Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited is recalling Optima Glucosamine tablets, which contain fish, molluscs and crustaceans, and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules, which contain sesame and soya.
The allergens are not correctly identified on the label and are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to fish, molluscs, crustaceans, sesame or soya.
No other Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited products are known to be affected.
The advice is that if you have bought the products and have an allergy to fish and/or molluscs and/or crustaceans and/or sesame and/or soya do not eat them.
Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.
Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited has been advised to contact allergy support organisations which will tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers.
Product: Optima Glucosamine Complex
Pack size: 30, 60 and 90 Tablets
Best before: All dates and batch codes
Product: Optima Omega Choice 3-6-9
Pack size: 120 capsules
Best before: All dates and batch codes 07515
French Open 2018: Rohan Bopanna and Timea Babos seeded seventh in mixed doubles
An analysis of Babos and Bopanna's title-winning chances in mixed doubles
Sudeshna Banerjee FEATURED COLUMNIST Preview 30 May 2018, 18:56 IST 32 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Rohan Bopanna (extreme right) and Timea Babos (third from left) lost the 2018 Australian Open final
12 months ago, it was the most memorable mixed doubles campaign for India's ace doubles player, Rohan Bopanna at the French Open. On a hot summer afternoon in Paris, he got to taste Grand Slam glory for the first time in his career when he and Canada's Gabriela Dabrowski came back from two match points down to win the title.
Bopanna will now face the pressure of being a defending Major champion for the first time. It is a new experience for the 38-year-old -- the only Indian in the mixed doubles draw -- and this time Dabrowski too is not with him.
The Indian and the Canadian parted ways at the end of last season and Bopanna paired up with Hungary's Timea Babos. The two had a grand beginning to their partnership at the Australian Open where they made it to the summit clash against Dabrowski and Mate Pavic.
Bopanna lost that tight final in a match tie-break to his former mixed doubles partner.
Four months on, Pavic and Dabrowski are the top seeds at Roland Garros while Bopanna and Babos have received the seventh seeding. The latter kickstart their campaign against the Chinese-Australian combine of Shuai Zhang and John Peers.
Peers is the World No. 7 in men's doubles and a former Australian Open champion while Zhang is a handy doubles player herself. On overcoming that challenge, Bopanna and Babos can face Alexander Peya and Nicole Melichar in the second round.
It gets tougher from the quarter-finals with the second seeds Ivan Dodig and Latisha Chan being their potential opponents. Chan is the current World No. 1 in women's doubles and Dodig has reached the mixed doubles final in Paris in 2016 along Sania Mirza.
If the Indo-Hungarian pair can manage to surmount that challenge, the highest seeds they can face in the semi-finals are the third seeds Xu Yifan and Oliver Marach. There are a couple of other strong pairs in the third quarter of the draw, with one of them being the 2017 runners-up Robert Farah and Anna-Lena Groenefeld, seeded eighth this time.
It will be interesting to see Bopanna square off against them again, a year after narrowly denying them the title.
If Bopanna and Babos can hold their nerves and smash all these obstacles, the duo of Dabrowski and Pavic could once again be standing on the opposite side of the net in the final. Having said that, the top half is loaded with multiple Grand Slam winning doubles players, and things could get tricky for the top seeds even before they reach the final.
Lancashire is not only the greatest county in England, but we also talk reet good as well.
And while there may be some similarities with other dialects across the UK, Lanky lingo is still the best.
Don't worry, we've left the the barm cake, bap, tea cake row for another day.
So that's enough of me mitherin' on! Click the link above and see how many of these Lancashire words and phrases you know.
Have we missed any? Post your suggestions in the comments below.
September was a volatile month at ESPN, as the NFL season opened with Jemele Hill's comments about Donald Trump being a white supremacist. That story traveled beyond the normal sports realm and even reached the point where the White House press secretary responded. The network faced plenty of noise about a perceived liberal bias as the football season got underway, and then Donald Trump ratcheted things up when he went after the NFL and its players in a speech on Friday night, September 22nd.
Right before that moment, we had watched a full day of daytime programming on both ESPN and FS1 to examine how much key talk shows actually touched on politics. Trump's comments, though, nuked those ratios and it became the main NFL story for the weekend and leading into the following week.
While ESPN was facing outward criticism from the right, that incident proved to be a temporary boom for ESPN's daytime programming, coming right as the network reorganized its leadership structure for SportsCenter. People may say that they don't want politics in their sports, but a ratings comparison shows that for the early part of the next week the controversy and noise brought more viewers.
To look at this, we examined two stretches of programming. The first was the key morning show First Take. First Take was moved from ESPN2 to ESPN last January, so to properly measure the impact we also included the corresponding ratings of the 10 am SportsCenter that swapped places to ESPN2, to measure that entire time slot.
The other was the 6 pm SportsCenter (SC6), hosted by Jemele Hill and Michael Smith, and the two debate-style shows that lead into that time: Around The Horn and Pardon The Interruption.
ESPN's ratings declines and loss of subscribers has been an ongoing issue, and any year-over-year analysis shows the decline over a large enough period of time. When we looked back at the first three months of SC6, year-over-year declines of 12-15% on a weekly basis were the norm by April and early May for both PTI and SC6. First Take has only avoided this if you ignore the “rob Peter to pay Paul” situation where it was moved to ESPN to stem declines.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Here is a comparison for the period from the start of the NFL season (the week of September 11th) up until Donald Trump's Friday night comments, and then the three-day period at the start of the next week (September 25 to 27), and then the five weekdays since that time. All data is from Showbuzz Daily. (NOTE: Around The Horn and Pardon the Interruption numbers exclude some days the week of September 18, 2016 that were on ESPN2 because of hockey).
The viewers in the three weekdays after Trump's statements and the NFL response were overall flat year-over-year across these programs, which, in comparison was quite the increase. SC6 had its largest numbers during this stretch with 618,000 viewers on September 26th (it is on ESPN2 every Monday because of MNF Countdown). Only one other day during this period (Tuesday, September 19) did it exceed 500,000. PTI also had its two highest viewership days on Monday and Tuesday, while First Take's Tuesday viewership was only surpassed by the first morning after week 1 of the NFL season concluded.
The numbers show that the rebound was mostly short-lived. SC6 is the only one that hasn't returned or exceeded early YOY drop-offs through this Wednesday. But for a few days, ESPN benefitted from the President not sticking to politics.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Serena Williams runs along a beach in a multicoloured bodysuit in a new shoot for Harper's Bazaar – just days after winning her first grand slam since giving birth.
Speaking about her body shape, Serena, 36, describes herself as “strong and muscular – and beautiful”.
She adds: “This is me, and this is my weapon and machine.”
The tennis ace also spoke about her emotional struggles following the birth of her daughter, Olympia, in September, telling the magazine: “Honestly, sometimes I think I still have to deal with it.
(Image: Courtesy of Harper's Bazaar UK/Richard Phibbs)
“I think people have to talk about it more because it's almost like the fourth trimester, it's part of the pregnancy.
“I remember one day, I couldn't find Olympia's bottle and I got so upset I started crying... because I wanted to be perfect for her.”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Courtesy of Harper's Bazaar UK/Richard Phibbs)
Serena celebrated winning her first round match at the French Open championship this week.
The full interview appears in the July issue of Harper's Bazaar UK , on sale 31 May.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
'Diddy' David Hamilton says he once presented Top of the Pops “completely stoned” after claiming his drink was spiked in the BBC canteen.
The former Radio 1 DJ remembers feeling unwell and fluffing his lines when filming an episode in the 1970s.
He added he was later informed that a drug had been slipped into what he was drinking before the show.
The broadcaster said: “Someone at the record company told me they had spiked my drink in the BBC canteen.
(Image: BBC)
“Obviously I had never had any drugs but I was drinking tea or orange.”
He said he was told he had been slipped “a Mickey Finn” – a drink secretly laced with drugs.
(Image: BBC)
David, 78, added: “They spiked my drink and I was completely stoned on Top of the Pops.”
He said it caused him to mess up an introduction for a Rod Stewart performance several times.
(Image: BBC)
David said he was known as “one take Hamilton” so a mistake like that was out of character.
The star, who spoke on local BBC radio about his drink being spiked, has hosted more than 12,000 radio shows and 1,000 TV programmes during his 58-year career.
He was a regular Top of the Pops presenter in the mid-1970s when it had over 10 million viewers.
Real Kashmir FC qualify for I-League, becomes first J&K club to do so
Bengaluru, May 30 (PTI) Real Kashmir FC today became the first football club from Jammu and Kashmir to qualify for the country's top tier I-League after they won the second division league by beating Hindustan FC 3-2 here today.
The side from the Kashmir Valley emerged winner of second division league as they secured seven points -- from two wins and a draw -- from three matches in the final round.
Only the winning team of the second division league is promoted to the I-League. Real Kashmir FC will now play in the I-League season 2018-19.
Real Kashmir scored through Ifham Tariq Mir (22nd minute), Danish Farooq (42nd) and Nadong Bhutia (67th) while Kushant Chauhan (34th & 80th) was on target for Hindustan FC at the FSV Arena here.
David Robertson's Srinagar-based side only needed a point today to win the title and promotion on the final day of the 2nd Division League season, but they produced a clinically efficient performance to win the match and create history.
All India Football Federation congratulated Real Kashmir FC for clinching the 2017-18 2nd Division League to become the first club from Kashmir to qualify for the I-League.
"Congratulations Real Kashmir FC for becoming the first club from Kashmir to qualify for the I-League. I am sure the achievement will inspire the youth to take up the beautiful game and take our Country to higher echelons of International Football," AIFF President Praful Patel said in his statement.
AIFF General Secretary Kushal Das said, "The I-League finds a new centre in the next edition and AIFF's vision of a pan Indian league has further been substantiated. Congratulations and good luck for the next edition
White House Launches Effort To Take Citizenship From Those Who Lied To Get It When an immigrant becomes a naturalized U.S. citizen, there's a sense of permanence. But a Trump administration effort is seeking those who cheated to get citizenship, and plans to take it from them.
White House Launches Effort To Take Citizenship From Those Who Lied To Get It White House Launches Effort To Take Citizenship From Those Who Lied To Get It White House Launches Effort To Take Citizenship From Those Who Lied To Get It Audio will be available later today. When an immigrant becomes a naturalized U.S. citizen, there's a sense of permanence. But a Trump administration effort is seeking those who cheated to get citizenship, and plans to take it from them. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Deal (Mostly) Struck Over Brexit Terms After Months Of Negotiations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
Negotiators from the U.K. and the EU says they have reached a provisional agreement on how Britain will withdraw from the EU.
The agreement allows for a nearly two-year transition period, ending on Dec. 31, 2020. The U.K. is set to leave the EU in March 2019 and that transition period is designed to ease the shift.
But major questions are still up in the air after months of negotiations, most prominently how to handle the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K. The draft agreement is set to be considered by EU leaders later this week.
At a press conference, EU negotiator Michel Barnier hailed this draft legal text as a "decisive step, because we were able this morning to agree, and after all those days and nights of hard work, or what will make up an international agreement for the orderly withdrawal of the United Kingdom."
Essentially, as Reuters put it, today's deal means that "Britain will remain as effectively a non-voting EU member" during that time.
Markets rallied after the announcement, The Financial Times reported, "with sterling climbing above $1.40 against the dollar to reach its highest level in three weeks."
If approved, it would prevent a "cliff-edge exit," a scenario in which the U.K. does not reach firm agreement with the EU on the terms before its exit.
U.K.'s Brexit Minister David Davis said that this would allow businesses to plan. "Businesses need not delay investment decisions, or rush through contingency plans based on guesses about the future deal," Davis said. "Instead they now have certainty about the terms that will apply immediately after our withdrawal."
The deal would allow the U.K. to make trade deals that would enter into force after the transition period ends, Davis said. During the transition period, agreements dating from the U.K.'s EU membership would continue to apply.
In terms of diplomacy and defense, Davis also stated that this agreement sets the stage for an "ambitious partnership" that "goes beyond the relationship the European Union has with any other third country."
And the fate of EU citizens in the U.K. has been clarified in this draft. "British citizens and European citizens of the 27 who arrive during the transition period will receive the same rights and guarantees as those who arrived before the day of Brexit," Barnier told reporters, according to The Guardian.
That's a shift from what British Prime Minister Theresa had previously insisted on, the newspaper adds: that EU citizens "arriving during the transition period would be treated differently to those already in the U.K."
The 129-page draft agreement is mostly composed of text highlighted in green, indicating that the negotiators have agreed. A section on Ireland and Northern Ireland is primarily yellow or white, showing that it is still under discussion.
But according to the agreement, the negotiators agreed to what has been termed a "backstop" solution for the border.
That emergency backstop, according to the Financial Times, would "keep Northern Ireland in key parts of the single market and the EU's customs union" unless another solution is found.
Last month, as NPR's Lauren Frayer reported, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said that no British Prime Minister could ever accept that policy which would "undermine the U.K. common market and threaten constitution integrity of the U.K. by creating a customs and regulatory border down the Irish Sea."
Davis stressed today that there is "yet no agreement on the right operational approach." He added that he hopes "to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland."
With regard to fishing, the agreement also provides "specific safeguards when it comes to annual fishing negotiations," Davis said.
Fisheries had been hoping for more leverage prior to the end of the transition period. According to the Guardian, leader of the Scottish Conservatives Ruth Davidson said, "That we now have to wait until 2020 to assume full control is an undoubted disappointment. Having spoken to fishing leaders today, I know they are deeply frustrated with this outcome."
Chad Millman, the Head of Media at The Action Network, jumped on with me to discuss the following:
The Super Bowl from a Gambling perspective…Why Chad is on the Philadelphia Eagles and why I am on the New England Patriots. Chad also talks about whom the big $ Let It Ride bettor is on.
The Action Network's Super Bowl gambling show, their March Madness Event coming up, and how their newsletter rollout went.
The legalization of gambling…What is going on in New Jersey right now, and how that will impact the state of gambling in America. And how the NBA is proposing to get a piece of the gambling pie.
Great story about Chad's background, and how he got into this gambling niche which has led to where he is now.
What kind of bettor Chad is and the largest bet he has ever laid himself.
How the Pros always get the best betting number before the rest of us do. Also a legendary story on how expert bettor Alan Boston found out about injuries before everyone else.
Was a little under the weather, but thanks for listening and hope you guys enjoy:
Springfield Mayor Domenic J. Sarno spoke with Dr. Seuss Enterprises on Friday about its decision to pull a mural from The Amazing World of Dr. Seuss Museum after complaints from three authors that it contains a "jarring racial stereotype" of Chinese man with chopsticks.
The mayor said he received a call from Susan Brandt, president of licensing and marketing for the company on Friday afternoon.
"I told her next week it will be something else," Sarno said of the controversy. "You have to put your foot down and draw a line in the sand."
He said he reiterated to Brandt that he wanted the "And To Think That I Saw It On Mulberry Street" mural to remain in place.
"I sense they are looking for a plausible compromise," Sarno said.
The mayor said he believed that Springfield Museums President Kay Simpson had been "put under the gun by Dr. Seuss Enterprises and they felt they had to make a move on this."
Prior the announcement on Thursday night by the Springfield Museums and Dr. Seuss Enterprises, Simpson had written in a letter, "As a museum, we do not alter or edit an artist's work."
Authors Mo Willems, Mike Curato and Lisa Yee of Northampton, who signed a letter to the Springfield Museums and posted it on social media, said they found part of the mural "deeply hurtful" and would not attend a planned Oct. 14 event there.
Springfield Museums officials said they offered to meet with Willems, Curato and Yee, but they declined.
The mural character in question was described by Geisel in his 1937 book as "a Chinese man who eats with sticks."
In a statement to the media, Sarno said "This is political correctness at its worst, and this is what is wrong with our country. We have extreme fringe groups on both the right and the left dictating an agenda to divide instead of working together towards the betterment of our country."
The mayor accused the authors of manufacturing an issue to boost their profile.
HIGH POINT, N.C. — Jahaad Proctor had 20 points, seven rebounds and five assists on Saturday night and High Point pulled away in the middle of the second half for a 67-56 win over Campbell.
The Panthers (11-12, 6-6 Big South) took the lead for good early in a 22-5 run that was capped at 54-39 on Andre Fox's free throw with 7:14 left.
The Fighting Camels (12-12, 6-6) got as close as 60-52 on Marcus Burk's layup with 52 seconds to go, but Brandon Kamga answered with a dunk, converted into a 3-point play, and High Point made all four of its free throws from there.
Campbell led by as many as seven in the first half. High Point rallied with a 17-2 run that spanned halftime before Campbell scored 10 straight to take its last lead at 34-32.
MONTREAL — Bombardier Inc. faces whopping duties of almost 300 per cent to export its CSeries commercial jet into the American market after the U.S. Department of Commerce tacked on another 80 per cent of preliminary anti-dumping duties Friday.
The decision adds 79.82 per cent to 219.63 per cent in preliminary countervailing tariffs once deliveries to Delta Air Lines begin next year.
"The United States is committed to free, fair and reciprocal trade with Canada, but this is not our idea of a properly functioning trading relationship," stated Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
"We will continue to verify the accuracy of this decision, while do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers."
The Montreal-based transportation manufacturer (TSX:BBD.B) didn't immediately respond to the latest duty announcement, but last week said it was confident that the "absurd" and unfounded tariffs will be reversed in final decisions in the coming months.
It says Boeing can't justify its claim of being harmed since it doesn't make a plane the size of the CS100.
Boeing revised its request for anti-dumping duties to 143 per cent from around 80 per cent because of Bombardier's refusal to provide certain information to the Commerce Department.
Countervailing duties target what the U.S. considers unfair subsidies, while anti-dumping tariffs go after the alleged selling of imported products below market value.
The U.S. aerospace giant petitioned to the government in April after its smaller rival secured a deal for up to 125 of its CS100s with Delta in 2016. The firm order for 75 aircraft had a list price of US$5.6 billion, although large orders typically secure large discounts.
The department's preliminary countervailing duty findings agreed with Boeing that Bombardier benefited from improper government subsidies, giving it an unfair advantage when selling its CSeries 100- to 150-seat jets south of the border.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for his junior year.
Battle says in a statement on the university website that he feels it's in his best interest "to focus on improving some fine points" in his game and work toward his degree.
Battle says he plans to re-enter the draft next year and calls his decision to return an easy one.
Battle had a standout sophomore season, leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game. That earned him a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection, and his 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol betting shop has been targeted by baseball bat-wielding raiders.
Police are hunting two men following the armed robbery at the Coral branch in Filton Avenue, Horfield, at about 6pm on Sunday, December 10.
Two men went into the shop bizarrely carrying a conspicuous and distinctive blue Dunlop golfing umbrella.
One of the raiders subsequently threatened staff and took “a large amount” of cash from the safe while his accomplice stood at the door with a baseball bat.
One CCTV image shows one man wearing a grey Adidas hoodie with the hood up, black trousers, white trainers and a balaclava while holding the blue umbrella. Another image shows the man in the grey hoodie holding the baseball bat and another man in a black Adidas hoodie rifling through the safe.
Both men fled through the same door they entered before running towards either Bridge Walk or back down Filton Avenue towards Bristol city centre.
Police are keen to speak to one witness in particular, who left the shop just as the robbers went in.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Constabulary said: “We'd like to speak to anyone who might have seen the incident or has any information.
(Image: Google)
“In particular we'd like to speak to a male customer wearing a blue jacket, jeans and black boots who left the bookies as the offenders entered.”
Anyone with information on the robbery should call 101 and quote reference 5217282313. Alternatively you can call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Hunting Accidents
Minor injured in Johnson County hunting incident
MEDIA CONTACT: Erika Billerbeck, DNR Conservation Officer at (319) 330-9710, Erika.Billerbeck@dnr.iowa.gov
JOHNSON COUNTY, Iowa – An 11-year-old boy was injured in a hunting incident on December 10, 2017. It happened on private property near the intersection of 320th Street Northeast and Prairie Du Chen Road Northeast in Johnson County.
Both minors (11 and 13) were brothers from Iowa City and were deer hunting with their grandfather. The brothers were standing along a fencerow between a stretch of timber and a field approximately 160 yards apart. Meanwhile, their grandfather was walking through the timber, pushing any deer out in the field towards the brothers.
A doe came in from the opposite direction of the timber and both brothers took a shot at the deer standing in the field. The deer then ran between the boys when the older brother continued to shoot striking his younger brother in the hip.
The victim was transported to University of Iowa Hospital with non-life threatening injuires.
This incident remains under investigation by the DNR.
The DNR reminds hunters to always be cognizant of the whereabouts of other hunters, at all times. Avoid target fixation and always ensure there is a safe backstop before taking a shot.
Hunter shot, mistaken for deer
MEDIA CONTACT: Allen Crouse, DNR Conservation Officer at (515) 238-4955, Allen.Crouse@dnr.iowa.gov
TAYLOR COUNTY, Iowa – Iowa DNR Conservation Officers are investigating a shooting involving a New Market man who was searching for an injured deer when he was shot by another hunter who had mistaken him for a deer.
The shooting happened December 10, 2017 around 9:15 a.m., north of New Market on private property. Justin Scroggie, 28, of New Market, was hunting with Brooks Lambert, 42, of Clarinda, while both were attempting to locate an injured deer in a tall, dense CRP field. Lambert mistakenly identified Scroggie as a deer in the dense vegetation and shot him from approximately 40 to 45 yards away, striking him in the left forearm.
Scroggie was airlifted to University of Nebraska Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries. He was wearing a camouflaged hat.
This incident remains under investigation by the DNR.
The DNR reminds hunters to not shoot at any movement without always properly identifying the target.
Man shot in foot while hunting
MEDIA CONTACT: Andrea Bevington, DNR Conservation Officer, at (712) 520-0508, Andrea.Bevington@dnr.iowa.gov
TAYLOR COUNTY, Iowa – On December 5, 2017, John Fish, 65, of Villisca, was hunting five miles southeast of Nodaway when he was struck in the foot by a slug from another hunter in his hunting party.
Fish and a 15-year-old boy were approximately 95 yards on opposite sides of the road (110th Street, east of Denver Ave.) when a doe ran between them. The 15 year old fired a shot, missing the doe and striking Fish in the left foot. Fish was sitting in a fence row of dense vegetation and brush.
Fish was transported to Mercy Medical Center in Des Moines and has undergone surgery. His injuries were non-life-threatening.
This incident remains under investigation by the DNR.
Courtesy Photo | UK East Consolidated Exchange General Manager Ed Hicks is awarded the Director/CEO Cup...... read more Courtesy Photo | UK East Consolidated Exchange General Manager Ed Hicks is awarded the Director/CEO Cup on March 7 during the Exchange Main Store Managers/General Managers Conference in Frisco, Texas. From left; Deputy Director Mike Immler; Director/CEO Tom Shull; Hicks; Chief Operating Officer Dave Nelson; President/CMO Ana Middleton; and Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Luis Reyes, the Exchange's senior enlisted advisor. (AAFES photo by Matt Nachtrieb) see less | View Image Page
The Army & Air Force Exchange Service has recognized three Exchanges for not only being the best military shopping sources in their respective communities, but the best in the world.
The UK East Consolidated, Barksdale Air Force Base and Selfridge Air National Guard Base Exchanges were each named the winners of its most coveted award for operational excellence, the Director/CEO Cup. The three stores were awarded trophies recognizing this achievement during the worldwide Main Store Managers/General Managers Conference in Frisco, Texas, in March.
The award honors one store in each size category (Small, Medium, Large) each year. The Selfridge Exchange won in the Small store category, Barksdale won among Medium-sized stores and UK East Consolidated was the top Large store.
“All Exchanges go above and beyond for military shoppers, but these Exchanges truly stand out for their ability to serve the best customers in the world,” said Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Luis Reyes, the Exchange's senior enlisted advisor. “These teams set the standard for how the Exchange can best serve Soldiers, Airmen and families.”
Winning stores are selected based on criteria including expert customer service, leadership, business results, community support and command validation for partnerships and engagement.
SPARTANBURG, S.C. – A South Carolina woman says her new hair dryer turned into a “blowtorch” after flames shot out when she turned it on.
Erika Shoolbred, of Spartanburg, posted about the “hair frier” on Facebook Monday, saying she had received the item through Amazon.
The post read, “Talk about a bad hair day! My new hair dryer (more like hair frier) from OraCorp on Amazon.com became a blow torch on its first use this morning.”
The dryer left a small burn on her hand and produced a bad smell in her bathroom.
Shoolbred wrote that Amazon has refunded her money, but said she's still “a bit shaken”:
“The dryer would not turn off. The off on the switch only made it more torchy. I knew I would have to get it submerged in water but first I had to pull the cord from the wall. That's when I burned my hand. I then was shocked after pulling it from the wall that it still flamed up. I then ran it under the sink. I was fearful my smoke alarm would engage so I opened windows. My bathroom was like a fog and still smells.”
Amazon has since pulled the item from its website, but neither OraCorp nor Amazon returned requests for comment, according to Newsweek.
BERLIN (AP) — German rail operator Deutsche Bahn has experienced an embarrassing delay on the first regular day of operations for its new high-speed rail line connecting Berlin and Munich.
A train from Munich to the German capital suffered technical trouble in Nuremberg on Sunday and had to be moved onto a slower line. It arrived in Berlin two hours later than planned.
A train carrying VIPs to Munich was similarly delayed on Friday.
Trains on the high-speed line travel at speeds up to 300 kph (185 mph) and are meant to complete the journey in under four hours as compared to the six hours it took previously.
Deutsche Bahn has an almost complete monopoly on long-distance rail travel within Germany. It has seen growing competition from airlines and buses in recent years.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In time of war, where can you go to find sanctuary?
Sarah Franklin, who grew up in the Gloucestershire countryside and has had a lifelong fascination with the beautiful Forest of Dean, heard about the Second World War prisoner of war camps there from her grandmother who took in sewing for the inmates.
But it was an aborted 2012 plan to sell off a chunk of the publicly-owned forest's woodlands that set in motion her moving, tender but powerful debut novel which explores two very different and damaged young people finding solace in the forest's healing rhythms of work and nature.
In this enchanting, thought-provoking story we meet Seppe, a gentle Italian PoW haunted by memories of war and a brutal father, and chippy city girl Connie Granger escaping from secrets in bombed-out Coventry to find a safe harbour, and maybe even a new life, as a lumberjill with the Women's Timber Corps.
When they are thrown together amidst the calming beauty of the ancient forest, the two outsiders, Connie and Seppe, discover a liberating sense of identity in both their work and each other, but the fiercely independent Connie must decide if the price of freedom will be too great.
In the early spring 1944, Connie escapes her home in Coventry after the Blitz devastates the city. She must learn to survive on her own now but this endless war isn't all bad because it gives her ‘the chance to shift around a bit.' And that's useful when you have a secret to hide.
Unsure of what will be expected of her, Connie finds a job with the Women's Timber Corps in the Forest of Dean as a lumberjill and soon finds far more joy and satisfaction in felling trees, cross-cutting, bark stripping and shredding than her factory work which was merely ‘a way to get a wage packet.'
For her, this remote community is a refuge and an escape, a place where she can protect the secret she has brought with her from Coventry.
Meanwhile, Seppe feels ‘dishonourable relief' that for him the fighting is over. A ‘bad patriot,' he only pretended to support the fascist forces of Mussolini because he was beaten into submission by his father but he is anxious now about what lies ahead for him in England.
Connie and Seppe's meeting signals new beginnings. They find in each other the means to imagine their own lives anew and to face the things which each fears the most. But as they are drawn together, the world outside the forest haven is being torn apart. Old certainties are crumbling and then Connie's secret is revealed and both must now make a life-defining choice…
Franklin, a judge for the Costa Short Story Award whose creative non-fiction has been published in anthologies in the USA, has found fertile new ground in this warm, original and compelling literary fiction debut which is filled with vivid period detail, atmospheric charm and a richly imagined cast of characters.
Star players are Connie and Seppe, the two young victims of wartime, displaced by conflict but discovering that nature – ‘the scent of bud and blossom in every breath' – holds the power to heal wounds, give meaning and purpose to fractured lives, and bring the inner peace that had once seemed so elusive.
The forest – initially an alien and unfamiliar place in which to hide painful secrets – becomes a character in its own right, an eternal symbol of freedom, of belonging, of renewal and, most importantly, of hope for the future.
Connie and Seppe's intense and bittersweet journey is also a touching and overdue tribute to the Women's Timber Corps and the groundbreaking lumberjills whose hard work and skills earned a grudging acceptance from farmers and foresters that they were just as good as the men they had replaced.
Immaculately researched and cleverly crafted, this is a story to delight, inform and impress in equal measure.
(Zaffre, paperback, £7.99)
Coal India's boost for Hockey in India
Support from Coal India as title sponsor has enabled the league to grow the sport and talent base.
by Press Release News 15 Feb 2017, 11:26 IST
Coal India Limited (CIL), the public sector coal mining behemoth for the second year in succession took the lead in sponsoring the ongoing ‘Coal India Hockey India League' 2017. The idea behind is to encourage the national game among the youth of the country. So far, going by the spectator turnout at the stadiums where the games are played the tournament has garnered huge popularity.
CIL intends to encourage Hockey India as tournament's title sponsor for three years and after the success of the 2016 edition, which incidentally was the first title sponsorship, has carried the torch into 2017 edition also.
The flagship coal miner is also actively pursuing the option of encouraging football through association with FIFA and is a significant contributor to the National Sports Development Fund. Coal India also encourages various other sports especially at the grass root level in the proximity of its mining areas and tribal belts.
The commitment shown by CIL has enabled the hockey league to catch young talent from India as well as from over twelve other world-class hockey playing nations including England, Australia, Belgium, Germany and Netherlands.
Coal India Hockey India League which commenced on 21st January, 2017 and shall conclude in a grand finale on 26 February 2017. It has completed 22 matches till date. The tournament includes 30 group stage matches and 4 playoff matches.
Speaking on the occasion, Chairman, Coal India Hockey India League, Md. Mushtaque Ahmad said, “We are delighted to have Coal India as our title sponsor for this year's edition of the league. The biggest gainers from their support is the sport of hockey itself and more importantly our players. Young talent is getting the opportunity to dream of a career in hockey and all this is only possible with such incredible support we have received from Coal India Limited.
A senior Coal India official said, “Coal India Limited is committed towards the development of hockey in India. The Coal India Hockey India League is a great initiative and I must compliment Hockey India to have had the vision to promote such a professional culture which not only attracts global talent but also encourages the development of our players and infrastructure. We are very pleased to see the outcome so far and wish the 2017 edition to conclude as a roaring success.”
Matches are shown live on Star Sports 2 & HD 2 and Star Sports 3 & HD 3 while also being live streamed on Hotstar.com
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Matias Lancewicki, 16, from Aventura, was one of the 20 Jewish athletes carefully picked to fly in with the USA Youth Men Soccer Team for the 20th Maccabiah games in Israel.
The Macabiah Games, also known as the Jewish olympics, is the third largest international competition, falling right behind the Olympics and Pan-American games themselves. This year, with over 10,000 athletes and 85 different countries, the 20th Macabiah games has been the largest one yet.
Playing as the striker for the team, Matias was able to put a mark on the score board against Australia, helping his team pull through with a victory. Although Matias was not able to bring back any medals with his team, he most definitely made his mark on the field throughout the tournament.
Originally from Argentina, Matias began to play soccer as soon as he could walk. After years of training, he was able to achieve the level needed in order to be able to compete against the top athletes in the Macabiah games.
Back at home, Matias plays for his high school varsity team in Scheck Hillel Community Day School as well as with the Hollywood CTC bandits, his travel club team. Throughout his soccer career, Matias has been able to clench on to several different achievements with both of these teams, such as achieving the silver Medal in both the ESPN tournament in Orlando and in the Adidas South Florida Super Cup.
Although he is fully dedicated to soccer, Matias makes sure to keep up with his school work and stay on track with his education. Being a member of the National Honors Society, Matias works hard to make sure he keeps his grades up in his Hardcore classes no matter how much time he spends with a ball in his feet.
Being a religious Jew who respects the Shabbat, it has not always been so easy for Matias to advance in his soccer career. Having many of his soccer games on Saturdays, several of the clubs that Matias has played for in the past have punished him with less playing time for not being able to travel for Saturday matches. Even though this rose several conflicts with different of his teams, until this day, Matias has never given up Judaism in order to play soccer. Even for the Maccabiah game tryouts, Matias was one of the only athletes trying out who missed a practice because of Shabbat, and with the help of God, he was still able to clench onto a spot in the team.
Matias received his acceptance email on January 20th. During that week, we read the Parasha of Shemot where we learn about the story of how Pharoh's daughter, Batia, stretched her arm to get Moshe and even though it was too far, God made a miracle and allowed her to bring in the baby in the basket from the Nile River. This story from the parasha teaches us that no matter how far away a goal may seem, even if it is impossible in our human eyes, we should still go out there and try by putting in our best effort, and if Hashem sees this, he will then help us go the rest of the way. Matias had several conflicts with soccer because of the religious reasons, specifically conflicts with Shabbat observance. Regardless, he continued to fight and play on no matter how bad situations turned out. Even though a couple of years ago it may have seemed impossible for him to be able to join a tournament as big as the Macabiah games, he continued to put in all his effort and hard work, and Hashem helped him with everything he needed in order to achieve his dream.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry and a group of friends reportedly killed 15 wild boar on a recent hunting trip in Germany.
The royal flew into Germany on a private jet before going hunting with his posh pals near the capital Berlin, German media reported.
It was claimed Harry - who got engaged to animal-loving Meghan Markle last month - was one of 60 guests for the Friday afternoon hunt.
According to an insider, the group killed 15 wild boar during the hunt, reports the Daily Mail.
(Image: Rex Features)
It is not known if Harry killed any of the boar personally.
"Harry enjoys the whole ritual of the hunt in Germany – from the sound of the horn, to the schnapps toasting the start, to theactual shooting," the insider told the newspaper.
(Image: REUTERS)
German newspaper Bild had earlier claimed that Harry, 33, was with a security detail which arrived at Berlin's Schoenefeld Airport and drove to sleepy Görlsdorf in the north-eastern state of Brandenburg.
The destination was the hunting grounds of German blueblood Albrecht Fürst zu Oettingen-Oettingen und Oettingen-Spielberg, a family friend who attended the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
A skilled marksman, his shooting skills have earned him the nickname The Boar Terminator.
Prince Harry has previously attended a hunt with Prince Albrecht, a distant cousin to Britain's royal family, of the House of Oettingen-Spielberg.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The prince's son, Franz-Albrecht Prince zu Oettingen-Spielberg, made headlines last year with his wedding with Cleo von Adelsheim, which was attended by Harry.
“Yes, the two are friends," Bild quoted a Harry bodyguard as saying.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Bild reported that he arrived with his own weapons aboard the Gulfstream aircraft which he boarded for the flight home on Saturday afternoon.
The Mail reports that he used a rifle leant to him by Prince William.
There is no suggest any animals were shot illegally. Kensington Palace declined to comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum has hit out after vile Facebook trolls stole a picture of her disabled son and made cruel online jokes.
Colette Flanagan's son, Daire, seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a severe condition affecting the shape of his face and head that has nearly killed him on several occasions.
Sick trolls have attempted to prey on the public's good nature by stealing photos of Daire and using them to generate a large following.
Colette, 38, described the practice as "very upsetting".
One Facebook post with a picture of Daire said: “Today is his first day at school and he was told that no-one would give him a ‘like' because of his illness.”
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
Followers are then urged to write "amen" under the post in a bid to trick unwitting members of the public into believing the lie.
Colette, 38, told Belfast Live : “It makes me really angry to be honest. I'm his mother - I'm supposed to protect him.
“These are horrible, ignorant people and it has really upset me.
“I would not have been held responsible for my actions if they had been there in front of me.”
Brave Daire has undergone dozens of operations to improve his quality of life.
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
He loves time with Colette, his sisters Clodagh and Alanagh and dad Barry.
Colette said that she has informed the police, Facebook and the NSPCC of the issue.
She said that attempts from her and family members to get the trolls to delete the posts were futile.
She went on: “I've seen a lot of these things on Facebook with regards to these ‘like' and ‘amen' posts.
(Photo: Belfast Live)
“These are all of real people. Hopefully there is something that can be done. I didn't put it out there for this kind of thing.
“People are interested in Daire because of what he has been through and how he has progressed.
“He has nearly lost his life a few times and this is just sickening.”
Developing countries like India have comparatively higher tariffs than the US. Graphic: Ajay Negi/Mint
The US has recently requested dispute settlement consultations with India at the World Trade Organization to challenge India's export subsidy programmes. A research note by Morgan Stanley says that the basis for the action is that India surpassed the defined economic benchmarks for developing countries with respect to export subsidies in 2015.
US President Donald Trump has already threatened China and India with a “reciprocal tax” or US tariff at levels prevailing in those countries. The accompanying chart, taken from the Morgan Stanley note, Protectionism Risks: What's Next? shows the levels of import duties on the top five sectors where the US has a trade deficit. As the chart shows, developing countries like India have comparatively higher tariffs than the US. The US runs a trade deficit of $23 billion with India, but this pales into insignificance compared with its deficit with China, which is $375 billion.
Indian companies with the most exposure to the US are in the technology and pharma sectors. Says the note, “For Asia/EM equities, we feel that uncertainty on the issue of trade protectionism can drive valuation adjustment to the downside.”
CHICOPEE - The School Department is preparing for the possible arrival of students from Puerto Rico who are victims of Hurricane Maria, but no children have come yet.
In response to a question about hurricane victims, Superintendent Richard W. Rege said he has had inquiries from relatives of two families that may be bringing children to Chicopee. One of the families has four children and the other has one, he said.
"If the children are in middle school or high school it is not a problem," Rege said, adding there is room in the schools to absorb the students without having to add extra teachers.
But if arriving children are in kindergarten or first grade it could be a little more difficult. The younger grades are full and a teacher likely would have to be added, which would have an impact on the School Department's already taxed budget, Rege said.
There is classroom space at Fairview Elementary, so a class for the youngest children could be added there if there is an influx of children, he said.
"I just want to make sure the school system is prepared," School Committee member Mary-Elizabeth Pniak-Costello said.
Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico, which was already reeling from the damage caused by Hurricane Irma, on Sept. 20. The Category 4 hurricane caused widespread damage and residents are still struggling with a lack of clean water, electricity and adequate housing. Most schools remain closed.
A sizable number of Chicopee residents have relatives in Puerto Rico. Statewide, officials are anticipating that victims of Hurricane Maria may move to areas where they have relatives while the cleanup is happening, Pniak-Costello said.
According to the 2010 census, there are slightly fewer than 10,000 people living in Chicopee who are Latino. About 35 percent of the children attending schools in the city are Latino, according to state Department of Elementary and Secondary Education statistics.
While some questions have not been answered yet, Rege said he hopes to enroll any children who move to Chicopee in school as soon as possible and get them any services they need, even if funding issues are not sorted out immediately.
"Knowing kids have not been in school for two and a half weeks to three weeks, we are not going to let them sit home. They need to be in school," Rege said.
Massachusetts superintendents have been talking with state officials to see if any financial assistance will be available for those who may have an influx of children -- some of whom do not speak English and may need extra help because they have been traumatized by the devastation the hurricane brought.
One question being debated is how extra students will be counted. Each school receives state assistance based partly on the number of students in the schools and the official enrollment for every school is calculated on Oct. 1, Rege said.
Currently the Massachusetts Association of School Committees is working with state officials to receive approval to include children who are hurricane victims in the official enrollment numbers, even if they arrive after Oct. 1, Rege said.
Children may also qualify under the McKinney-Vento Act that sets regulations for children who are homeless, he said.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal legend Ian Wright believes Spurs would be worthy winners of the Premier League this season and admitted "everything about them" has impressed him.
Mauricio Pochettino's side are four points behind table toppers Chelsea with six games to go and are the only team with a realistic chance of catching the Blues.
Spurs have won each of their last eight games and are unbeaten in all competitions since mid February. Their last two games alone have seen them score eight goals without reply.
Arsenal fans have been looking at their rivals' form longingly and Wright argued that even they could not begrudge their neighbours a first league title since 1961.
(Photo: Getty)
"If Tottenham win their first league title since 1961, nobody could say they don't deserve to be champions," he wrote in his column for the Sun.
"Everyone was resigned to it being a procession rather than a race when Chelsea kicked off this month with a ten-point lead at the top.
"But while everyone else chucked in the towel and handed the crown to the Blues, Spurs have refused to abandon the chase."
He added: "Everything about them impresses me; the players, manager, their attitude and the fantastic football they produce for their fans."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Ministry of Defence has said a British soldier has died in Taji in Iraq but the death was not "a result of enemy activity".
In a statement, the MoD said the soldier had been serving with the 2nd Battalion the Duke of Lancaster's Regiment and his death is now being investigated.
The statement said: "The death occurred in Taji following an incident that is currently under investigation, but we can confirm that it was not as a result of enemy activity."
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Movebutter has launched its online, direct-to-consumer supermarket. The company, which bills itself as the “Supermarket of the Future,” says it is “building an entirely new food value chain by making everything in small batches and never holding stock.” Movebutter reports that it is built around making better food accessible and affordable to everyone.
“With this entirely new supermarket infrastructure, Movebutter is already making the farm-to-fridge vision a reality,” the San Francisco-based company says.
The supermarket, built entirely online, will ship food from producers directly to consumers. By removing middlemen and overhead from the regular grocery model, Movebutter says it not only makes high-quality groceries affordable but has been able to grow faster than any other grocery store in the country, already covering all 50 states. The company says it sells only its own brand of staples, removing the cost of marketing that's borne by the customer and making grocery shopping a far more seamless experience.
The company has received a round of fresh funding from Silicon Valley investors and celebrities, including: Y Combinator; Liquid 2 Ventures, a seed-stage VC firm co-founded by Hall of Fame NFL quarterback Joe Montana; Matthew Bellamy of rock band Muse; Kima Ventures; Altair VC; The San Francisco 49ers; First Round Capital's Dorm Room Fund; The House Fund; Beluga Capital, founders of Caviar; Fundersclub; the Marzotto family, owners of Hugo Boss; and more than a dozen more.
“Movebutter is based on a very bold and minimalist vision: make better food available and affordable to everyone,” said Movebutter CEO and founder Chai Mishra. “We're taking on the entire, ancient trillion-dollar supermarket industry. These funds and these partnerships are going to supercharge that effort. So far in that fight, our main weapons were better technology and a radically better model. But now, we have the support of the world's greatest company-builders, and we could not be more fired up for this.”
Movebutter says it plans to use the funds primarily to quickly expand operations to get to even more customers and even better suppliers. Soon, the company says, it will begin to multiply the number of distribution centers across the U.S.
“Movebutter has forged relationships with some of the best suppliers in the country and has, through an innovative approach, found a way to get their groceries to anywhere economically. Suddenly, it doesn't matter if you're in California or New York or Alaska. Consumers can now better access and afford the best tasting, the highest quality food anytime. We believe they're going to reshape the food industry and couldn't be prouder to partner with them,” said Jeremy Fiance, managing Partner of The House Fund.
© Alamy
© Murdo MacLeod for the Guardian
Educationalists, psychologists and authors also call for a minister for children to try to address 'toxic' nature of childhoodA group of leading authors, educationalists and child-development experts is calling on the government to introduce national guidelines on the use of screens, amid concern about the impact on children's physical and mental health.It is one of a series of measures outlined in a letter to the Guardian, highlighting what it describes as the increasingly "toxic" nature of childhood, and signed by 40 senior figures, including the author Philip Pullman, the former archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the psychotherapist Susie Orbach and the childcare expert Penelope Leach.The letter urges the government to create a cabinet-level minister for children, with specific responsibility for auditing all government policies in order to assess their impact on children's health and wellbeing.and says guidelines on screen-based technology for children up to 12 should be drawn up by recognised authorities on child health and development.It is 10 years since the group sent its first letter to the media, expressing concern about the way it believes children's health and wellbeing are being undermined bySince then, they say, policy making has been "half-hearted, short-termist and disjointedly ineffective", with obesity and mental health problems among young people approaching crisis levels.the letter reads."Without concerted action, our children's physical and mental health will continue to deteriorate, with long-term results for UK society that are frankly unthinkable."Among the signatories is Sue Palmer, the author of the 2006 book Toxic Childhood, which tapped into parental angst about raising children in the modern world; the psychologist and educational consultant Dr Richard House; the professor of education Dr Robin Alexander; the wellbeing programme director at the London School of Economics' centre for economic performance, Richard Layard; the former London schools commissioner Sir Tim Brighouse, the psychologist and author Steve Biddulph and a former government mental health champion Natasha Devon.Not everyone subscribes to the doom-laden view of modern childhood and the "toxic" environment in which children are growing up. Recent studies have suggested that screen-based technology can encourage reading in boys from low-income families and that there may be a positive link between computer games and academic performance.However, Palmer, who chairs the Upstart Scotland campaign to introduce kindergarten-style education for under-sevens, said:House said: "It's nothing short of a scandal that policymakers have done next to nothing to address the 'toxic childhood' issues that Sue Palmer first flagged up in her iconic book over a decade ago. Indeed, matters are now far worse, with children's mental health and behavioural problems at record levels."The time for pussyfooting around politicians and policymakers is over, and it's time to shame them into doing something substantive and meaningful - or future historians will doubtless look back on the current era as one of political child abuse."Dr Sharie Coombes, a child and family psychotherapist, was a primary school headteacher when Palmer's book came out, implementing early years policies which she said felt "misinformed, abusive and dangerous to children's wellbeing, confidence and long-term learning attitudes"."A decade on, I'm now a child and family psychotherapist helping to pick up the pieces of emotionally broken children forced to endure damaging, politically charged and excessively stressful learning environments and policies."We cannot stand by and tolerate such abuses when we have other international models to draw on that demonstrate how to achieve excellent results and mentally healthy young people who value their education."
Usain Bolt wins Laureus 'Sportsman of the Year' award
Gymnast Simone Biles took home the award in the women's category.
by paras goel Breaking 15 Feb 2017, 14:22 IST
Usain Bolt accepts his Laureus World Sportsman of the Year Award from Laureus Academy member Michael Johnson
What's the story?
World's fastest man Usain Bolt has added another ‘feather in his cap' after winning the prestigious Laureus 'Sportsman of the Year' trophy for a record-equalling fourth time. The Jamaican defeated the likes of other top contenders such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Basketball star Lebron James to bag the award.
Gymnast Simone Biles took home the award in the women's category after reigning supreme at the 2016 Rio Olympics while Britain's Rachel Atherton won the action sportsperson of the year award for her downhill mountain biking feats.
The other awards that were presented included the ‘spirit of sport' award which was won by English Football Club Leicester City for winning the Premier League title in 2016 and the ‘breakthrough of the year' prize which was clinched by Nico Rosberg who quit Formula 1 in December five days after being crowned world champion.
In case you didn't know…
Deemed the ‘Oscar of Sports', the Laureus World Sports Awards are an annual award ceremony honouring remarkable individuals from the world of sports along with the greatest sporting achievements throughout the year.
The awards were instituted in 1999 and the first ceremony was held on 25 May 2000 in Monte Carlo. Bolt has now joined tennis greats Roger Federer and Serena Williams as a four-time winner after winning three Olympic gold medals in Rio (one of which has been stripped of) last summer. After winning the award Bolt tweeted:
The heart of the matter
Bolt has previously won the award in 2009, 2010 and 2013. He received his award from legendary U.S. sprinter Michael Johnson, who urged him not to break other people's records.
What's next?
For Bolt, who is set to retire from sports but not before slugging it out for the last time in the upcoming World Championships in London in August 2017, it was the perfect ending to his legacy. He expressed that he has won everything he wanted to win in athletics and now looks forward to a life away from sports.
Sportskeeda's take
The fastest sprinter on the planet has broken every record and won every possible laurel that exists and set up a new benchmark which will be very difficult to surpass for the future sprinters, if not impossible.
Before bringing the curtains down on his incredible career Bolt will give his fans one last chance of having a glimpse of their favourite superstar, in the upcoming world championships in August in London. They will surely desire of a deja vu of the 2012 Olympics; we too are hoping for that victory pose ‘to-di-world.'
Junior guard Jorden Duffy constantly battled a lingering foot injury throughout the duration of the season. He only played in nine of the 18 conference games and shot a lowly 29.4 percent from 3-point range.
There was another Jorden Duffy the fans saw a long time ago, but not in a game, in the 3-point contest before the season. On Oct. 26, he won the contest with a dazzling shooting performance and promised to be a knockdown shooter as a first year junior college transfer.
It was a difficult year for the Maryland native, but he had his breakout game for the Mean Green Monday night in the quarterfinals of the College Basketball Invitational tournament against Mercer University.
Duffy scored 31 points along with sophomore guard Roosevelt Smart who scored 31 of his own as North Texas defeated the Bears 96-67 at the Super Pit, further extending their season.
McCasland called Duffy “The X-Factor” in the Mean Green's blowout victory.
“It's really nothing new,” Duffy said of his performance.” The coaching staff and my teammates know what I'm capable of doing, it's just been a rough year for me. It's starting to come together for me now.”
North Texas (17-17) jumped out to a 18-6 lead in just over five minutes and never allowed Mercer (19-15) to cut the deficit to less than eight with the largest Mean Green lead reaching 29 on the final bucket of the game.
The team as a whole shot 12-of-29 from 3-point land, 41.4 percent with Smart and Duffy combining to go 10-of-23 from deep.
In two CBI tournament games, the Mean Green have shot 26-of-63 on 3-pointers, 41.3 percent.
“Getting stops and pushing in transition [helps us],” Smart said. “DJ, Ryan and Duffy do a great job of penetrating and [we] just have to be ready to shoot [and] hit shots.”
The defensive intensity matched their offensive output in the win, only allowing Mercer to shoot 35.4 percent from the field while shooting 55.9 percent themselves.
“Our guys competed at one of the highest levels we competed all year in order to allow ourselves a chance to separate like we did,” head coach Grant McCasland said. “For us to guard them like we did tonight say a lot about our toughness. We've had some close games in the Super Pit so it's a blessing to be able to have a game like this for our fans, the university, the students and our team.”
Duffy also dished out four assists when he put the ball on the floor while Smart finished with a team-high 11 rebounds. Sophomore point guard Ryan Woolridge picked his spots and scored 12 points on 5-of-5 shooting while tying a career-high with 11 assists along with four blocks.
With the win, the Mean Green advance to the semifinals, or the “Final Four” as Smart said, of the CBI with their game coming on Wednesday at 7 p.m. back in the Super Pit with the opponent to be determined later tonight.
For a team that is returning every active player currently playing in this tournament, the motivation to keep winning stems from one thing.
“Just getting experience to play in the postseason, then we get a chance to cut down nets if we win this thing,” Smart said. “I think that's where the motivation is.”
Featured Image: North Texas junior guard Jorden Duffy (2) drives the lane against Mercer. North Texas faced off against Mercer on Monday at the Super Pit in Denton, Texas., Monday, March, 19, 2018, Super Pit in Denton, Texas. Jake King/DRC
Welcome to the Bristol Live daily news blog for Wednesday, July 4.
We will be bringing you rolling updates on all of the day's news, travel, traffic and weather.
Keep you up to date with anything happening in Bristol or the surrounding areas, as well as the latest from the roads and motorways in and around the city, with live traffic updates from the M4, M5 and M32 we will keep you ahead of the queues.
Scroll down for updates - if you're looking for the news happening in Bristol, South Gloucestershire, and North Somerset, you'll hear it here first.
Is there something you want Bristol Live to look into and investigate? If you think there is a story we should know about, or you have spotted something in the community, get in touch with us.
You can tweet us or contact our newsroom by emailing bristolpostnews@localworld.co.uk
You can get all the latest travel updates by joining our Facebook group.
If you are on the roads, make sure it is safe and legal to contact us before doing so.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIAMI — 28-year-old Jacob Garcia is facing charges of disorderly conduct for allegedly groping a female passenger on an American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami, according to WGN.
A Miami-Dade police report says the flight crew told officers they tried to move 28-year-old Jacob Garcia of Chicago to another seat, but he continued to be unruly, screaming and insulting the woman and her boyfriend.
Police then asked Garcia to leave Flight 2446, which was waiting to take off from Miami to Chicago, but he refused.
After Garcia was asked to move seats he began screaming at the female passenger and her boyfriend. A passenger on the plane said he said a racial slur to the guards.
“Right before the guy sits down in his seat, he turns to the security guard and shouts at him he said, ‘My people were building civilizations while you monkeys were still swinging from the trees,'” Adisak Pochanayon said. “There was a couple people on the flight who wanted to get up and leave. There was a black gentleman two rows in front who was like, ‘I can't be on this flight with this racist.”
Pochanayon recorded video from the incident. He said after Garcia refused to leave the plane, the pilot announced the whole plane would have to be emptied.
Pochanayon said he believes something just wasn't right with Garcia who showed great physical strength and an ability to be unfazed by the Taser.
Passenger videos show police zapping the man as they struggled to get him off the plane. He kept asking why they were removing him. Passengers can be seen clapping and cheering as Garcia is later escorted through the airport.
Garcia faces disorderly conduct and other charges. Jail records don't list an attorney.
An American Airlines statement says crew members asked the man to get off the plane after he had a "disagreement" with another passenger Sunday night; the man refused to leave and the crew began deplaning passengers. The statement says during that process, a physical altercation broke out between the two passengers.
The plane left an hour late.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
New Delhi: A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifted off from Florida on Monday, sending the US space firm`s last new first-generation Dragon cargo ship to the International Space Station.
The Falcon 9 rocket, with the Dragon spacecraft sitting on the top, blasted off from a launch pad at NASA`s Kennedy Space Center, Xinhua reported.
About eight minutes later, SpaceX successfully landed the rocket`s first stage at the company`s Landing Zone 1, just south of the launch site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, as part of its effort to develop fully reusable rockets.
Previously, SpaceX has successfully recovered 13 first stages, five on land and eight at sea.
Monday`s flight was the 12th of up to 20 missions to the space station that SpaceX will fly for NASA under a multi-year commercial re-supply services (CRS) contract.
It also marked the last time SpaceX launches a brand-new Dragon 1 vehicle and the remaining CRS missions will fly only reused ones, an official from SpaceX said.
A variant of the Dragon spacecraft, called Dragon 2, is currently being developed for the US-based crew transport to and from the space station, the company said.
For this mission, Dragon was filled with over 2,900 kilograms of supplies and payloads, including critical materials to directly support dozens of the more than 250 science and research investigations that will occur during the next six months.
"I`m happy to say 75 per cent of that total mass is headed toward our research community," Dan Hartman, deputy manager of NASA`s space station programme, said.
(With Agency inputs)
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Former NBA star Dennis Rodman, on low-key return to Pyongyang, has given the North Korean sports minister a copy of President Donald Trump's book “The Art of the Deal.”
It wasn't signed by Trump, who was Rodman's boss for two seasons of the “Celebrity Apprentice” reality TV show.
Rodman's arrival on Tuesday came just hours after the North decided to release Otto Warmbier, an American university student who had been imprisoned for 15 years with hard labor for trying to steal a propaganda banner.
Warmbier, who had been confined for 17 months, has apparently fallen into a coma not long after his confinement began. Pyongyang said Thursday saying it decided to let him go for “humanitarian reasons.”
Officials in Washington and Pyongyang said Rodman played no role in the release.
A Mid-Michigan community is fed up with dealing with bad road conditions on their street.
They came together on Wednesday to make sure their voices were heard.
They started a petition and took it to a town hall meeting hoping to find a solution.
"It's hard. You can't keep a nice car. You've got mud and dirt everywhere," said Tom Warner, Tuscola County resident.
The rough road is causing the 18 homeowners that live on the one mile stretch of Brown Road in Tuscola County major headaches. The lack of ditches on both sides of the road causes water to pool on the road.
Those residents took their concerns to the Watertown Township board meeting on Wednesday. They presented a petition and proposal to find a solution for the bumpy road.
"We're asking for completion of the road. At this point we're not asking, or at least I'm not recommending how they do it, just that it be done," said Carolyn Moser, resident.
The petition was signed by all 18 residents on the road. They're not necessarily asking for the road to be paved, but a feasible solution for improvement.
Township Supervisor Frank Vorvie said he understands the frustrations from the residents, but with the township budget it is hard to find a solution.
"This township cannot afford that. We do not have the money," Vorvie said.
He said he is putting a request to the county to put three inches of gravel on Brown Road, but they do not have the funds to pave it.
Some of the residents worry gravel will not be enough.
"Their response has always been 'we don't have any money.' And anybody can say that, but there are many different ways to get funding. And one way is to have a plan. We want a property plan developed," Moser said.
The supervisor, as well as a county commissioner, suggested the residents gather support to get a millage on an upcoming ballot. They believe that's the way to address the road - and others like it in the township - long term.
Read TV5's previous story on Brown Road here.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Edwin Clendennen, age 69 of Blair, passed away February 14 at his home in Blair.
Arrangements are pending under the direction of Lowell-Tims Funeral Home and Crematory, Altus.
To sign the online guest book and share memories with the family please visit www.Lowell-Tims.com.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was. He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," he says. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," he says, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, he argues, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," she says. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of her family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," she says.
She doesn't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about her nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. He hides out here when he's afraid.
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
She traces it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she believes, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of his age, but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, he said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger,'" he says, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, he says, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
His granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. He says he's proud of Pakistan, which he describes as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for his grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard her grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to her own children.
Besides, she says, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
RENTON, Wash. — The Seattle Seahawks have acquired cornerback C.J. Smith from the Cleveland Browns in exchange for a conditional seventh-round draft pick in 2020.
Smith is another young option in Seattle's secondary. He spent the 2016 season with the Philadelphia Eagles and played sparingly in 2017 with the Browns. He's appeared in 13 career games, with 10 of those coming with the Eagles.
Smith played collegiately at North Dakota State, where he was part of five national championship teams, including his redshirt year.
The teams made the trade on Monday.
A A
WASHINGTON — His last vacation behind him, President Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returned to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with less than three weeks left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said his valedictory speech on Jan. 10 follows a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
The price band for Hindustan Aeronautics IPO has been fixed at Rs1,215-1,240. Photo: iStockphoto
New Delhi: State-owned Hindustan Aeronautics' initial public offer (IPO) was subscribed 45% on the second day of bidding on Monday.
The IPO, through which the Bengaluru-based firm aims to raise Rs4,229 crore, received bids for 1,53,96,864 shares against the total issue size of 3,41,07,525 shares, data available with the NSE showed.
The category reserved for qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) was subscribed 77%, non institutional investors 1% and retail investors 20%, merchant banking people in the know said. The IPO is of 34,107,525 shares and is scheduled to close on Tuesday.
The price band for the issue has been fixed at Rs1,215-1,240. SBI Capital Markets and Axis Capital are managing the issue.
Simeon Booker, Dean Of Washington's Black Press Corps, Dies At 99
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ann Heisenfelt/AP Ann Heisenfelt/AP
Simeon Booker, the Washington bureau chief of Jet and Ebony magazines for five decades, died Dec. 10 at an assisted-living community in Solomons, Md., according to The Washington Post. He was 99 and had recently been hospitalized for pneumonia, his wife, Carol Booker, told the paper.
Booker was the first full-time black reporter for The Post. The paper says "few reporters risked more to chronicle the civil rights movement than Mr. Booker."
Booker is credited with helping to deliver the story of Emmitt Till's murder to a national audience. In 1955, the boy from Chicago was tortured, and shot and killed while visiting relatives in Mississippi. He was accused of having whistled at a white woman.
Jet magazine published the photos of Till in the open casket. In 2013, NPR's Michel Martin asked Booker how difficult a decision it was for the magazine to go forward with those photographs.
"That was a very difficult decision for them because I don't think they were in it, and they didn't realize the seriousness of it. But going down there and seeing all the turmoil, I knew what was coming up," Booker said.
About Booker's coverage of Till's funeral, The Washington Post reports:
"Mr. Booker instinctively went to the home of the young man's mother, Mamie Till-Mobley, and earned her trust as she moved through her terror and then grief. He was with her at the funeral home where, over the objections of everyone present, she insisted that the casket bearing her son's mutilated corpse be opened. "Mr. Booker described the scene in Jet: "Her face wet with tears, she leaned over the body, just removed from a rubber bag in a Chicago funeral home, and cried out, 'Darling, you have not died in vain. Your life has been sacrificed for something.' " "A Jet photographer, David Jackson, photographed Till's body, which thousands of mourners observed at his funeral. No mainstream news outlets published the images of Till's body, according to an account decades later in The New York Times. But their appearance in Jet and several other African-American publications helped make the Till murder "the first great media event of the civil rights movement," historian David Halberstam wrote in his book The Fifties."
In 2013, Booker and his wife Carol McCabe Booker released the memoir Shocking the Conscience. In it, he described one of his first trips to the South: "Mississippi in 1955 was like nothing I had ever seen. What I witnessed there was not only raw hatred, but state-condoned terror. I quickly learned that you could be whipped or even lynched for failing to get off the sidewalk, approaching a white person."
NPR's Michel Martin asked him what he remembers most vividly when he looks back on that time.
"Well, the most vivid signs of that period, for me, was that I was a Northerner," Booker said. "And when I went into journalism and went South, then I saw a part of America I'd never seen before, I knew nothing about. I just couldn't believe that a race of people could be just set aside; told you couldn't work here, couldn't live there, couldn't eat this - couldn't eat there. It just was so hard on me. I just revolted and said well, I'm going to change this because this wasn't the way people live, and this isn't the way countries ought to be."
Booker covered 10 U.S. presidents. He told Martin that his favorite was John F. Kennedy. "He put me in his pool. First black ever in a newsman pool, in the White House. He was the one, and when he was killed, that was a — oh, that was a sad day for me."
Many voters had trouble deciding who to vote for provincially, or more likely, who not to vote for, but come October, we'll have a bonanza of good candidates.
The province deserves a tongue-lashing. First, many changes to the Municipal Elections Act work against nonincumbents. It takes time to build a profile, raise funds, construct a campaign, and get the message out. Previously candidates could register Jan 1. Now it's May 1, and they can't raise or spend a dime until they've registered.
Today provincial and municipal elections are held in the same year. The province's was June. Try campaigning municipally while a provincial campaign is underway! Two campaigns at the same time are confusing. Realistically, municipal candidates can't do much before mid-June, while incumbents enjoy free ongoing publicity.
That's just the first problem. A municipality where a councillor won a provincial seat has 60 days to fill the vacancy. With only four months before the local election, a neophyte would struggle to learn the complexities of a city and region; so councils often appoint experienced former councillors. These things badly need a fast provincial fix.
Burlington council's rush to approve the new Official Plan (OP) and get regional approval, without the accompanying studies (traffic, transit, and parking) has been aggravating. Halton received it May 11, and has 210 days to make its decision (November). It can request 90-days extension. But how does a region approve an incomplete OP? In bits and pieces?
Citizens are angry that so many development approvals were granted for way beyond our standards. The 23-storey condo opposite City Hall, where only 12 were permitted, was the game changer. Voters are furious, and watching to see if the new OP's 17-storey limit really will be adhered to. Interestingly city planners, next week, will recommend 17 on the opposite corner, where the applicant wants 24!
We recently learned that reduced standards will be recommended for condo parking. Prepare for more neighbourhood disputes and resentment of new densities. In the future we may rely less on our cars, but what happens in the many intervening years? There's talk, too, that commercial land near the Fairview GO station has changed hands. More condos?
There's even a suggestion of parking lay-bys on the costly reconstructed Plains Road. There is a six-storey limit (in both the old and new OP) in Aldershot, but council approved higher and denser projects, with reduced parking. Aldershot amenities like beer and liquor stores disappeared, and Home Hardware must relocate. Its landlord wants highrises and townhouses instead, with small commercial spaces at ground level, probably big enough for more spas.
The effect of a too small council — only seven — has been evident this council term . Get two or three strong opinionated councillors in the mix, and decisions can skew. Oakville has seven wards, one town, one town/regional councillor per ward, plus the mayor — 15. Burlington has six wards. And costs don't double. The town (city) councillor gets one salary, not the combined city/regional $105,400, plus up to $9,000 expense account, plus benefits. (The heavy combined workload merits every cent).
Intensification is mandated. It's how it's done that's the issue. Citizens apparently have a different vision of Burlington than city staff (and council) does. Thankfully, ECoB (Engaged Citizens of Burlington) is holding candidate debates in every ward. There have been few debates in recent elections. Would you buy a car without checking its features? These people plan the community, and set your taxes.
When developing the costumes for Starz's limited-series period drama “The White Princess,” Phoebe de Gaye turned to paintings from the 15th century.
“It's a chance to look at a period that's so rarely done,” says the British costumer. “This is an interesting period, it's very much a transition period. There are a lot of paintings of the period; the Flemish school. They put so much detail into some of their works that you can see where the seams are, you can see where long sleeves were pinned and unpinned so you could change it for different sleeves. I went through paintings and engravings and things, and read books on construction of the clothes of the period, and all that. Then, it was a matter of interpreting it for contemporary [viewers].”
The series is a continuation of the network's “The White Queen,” and stars Jodie Foster as Elizabeth of York, Jacobs Collins-Levy as King Henry VII, along with Suki Waterhouse as Cecily of York. “Jacob, when he first came, I don't think he'd worn costumes of this kind before, and he was very excited to put on the armor and whatnot,” de Gaye adds.
“The idea was to approach this in a slightly different way,” she explains of how this season differs; she hadn't been involved with the previous series. “I was trying to make an authentic feel. The feel of authenticity, really, even though it's a world that we're inventing and learning from paintings and things. The idea was to make it a visceral, approachable world that drew the audience in.”
She describes the costumes in the show as “fairytale” and “theatrical.” The women's dresses are made of rich colored brocades with fur and velvet trimming. They also have a presence — you can hear the ladies' ground-grazing skirts rustle as they move.
While some items were sourced and rented, including jewelry, many of the costumes were created specifically for the show. “For our three queens as it were, we made all their costumes,” she says, adding that this allowed her team the ability to convey character development through dress. “The young queen, for example, sort of becomes more iron plated as her powers grow in the court. So she's not actually wearing armor, but there's the impression of protection against all of the pitfalls,” she says. “We used a lot of metallic, lacy textures that come in gradually. So she comes in as a young girl in these soft linen fabrics that are tightly laced but quite flowy, and they become stiffer with age.”
Of course, not all of the costumes mirror the functionality of the period.
“We had armors that were made from aluminum, but [the men of the time period] had armor that was made from steel, and the chain mail that they wore was unbelievably heavy,” de Gaye says. “You could just take a little bit and put it on the neck, and it weighs a ton. That they're actually fighting in this stuff, it was absolutely incredible.”
More Coverage From WWD.com:
Freida Pinto Takes a Stance in ‘Guerrilla'
Sienna Miller on Motherhood, Being ‘Shy and Weird,' and Taking on Tennessee Williams
Gavin Rossdale on His New Clothing Line, Making Music and Being a ‘Soft Touch' Dad
Michelle Branch: Back at Last
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Notorious cult leader Charles Manson's cause of death has been revealed.
The death certificate for the serial killer, responsible for orchestrating the murders of a pregnant film star and six others, shows he passed away from acute cardiac arrest, respiratory failure and colon cancer, according to TMZ.
The certificate, released by Kern County and obtained by the website, lists cardiac arrest as the primary factor in his death aged 83 on November 19.
Respiratory failure and metastatic colon cancer are listed as underlying causes.
(Image: REUTERS)
The cult leader passed away last month after falling gravely ill in prison.
The serial killer had been rushed from Corcoran State Prison in central California to a hospital 100 miles away in Bakersfield with an undisclosed complaint before his death.
A statement at the time said he passed away from natural causes: "Inmate Charles Manson, 83, died of natural causes at 8.13pm on Sunday, November 19, 2017, at a Kern County hospital."
Manson had serious health issues back in January, when he was hospitalised for severe intestinal bleeding and needed surgery.
The notorious leader of the Manson Family cult was serving nine life sentences in prison after ordering his followers to carry out the horrific killings in 1969.
(Image: GETTY)
Among his victims were heavily- pregnant actress Sharon Tate - the wife of movie director Roman Polanski - and celebrity hairstylist Jay Sebring.
Writer Wojciech Frykowski, his partner and coffee bean heiress Abigail Folger, and 18-year-old Steven Parent were also slayed in the US-based attacks.
(Image: Los Angeles Times)
Manson - who led the infamous "Manson Family", a quasi-commune in the Californian desert - was convicted over the seven murders in 1971.
Manson and his followers were sentenced to death but that was changed to life in prison when the California Supreme Court ruled the death penalty was unconstitutional in 1972.
He was turned down for parole 12 times.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where he is holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The San Francisco 49ers are easing linebacker Reuben Foster back into the system after he missed the start of the off-season program while dealing with a domestic violence case that was eventually dropped.
Foster was not allowed to participate in the off-season program until a judge ruled last week that he wouldn't have to stand trial on domestic violence charges. The judge determined there was no evidence that Foster ever hit his ex-girlfriend.
Foster rejoined the Niners last Thursday but has been held out of team drills as he gets back into form after missing more than five weeks of the off-season program while waiting for his case to be resolved.
He took part in individual drills during organized team activities but spent the time during team drills doing conditioning or watching teammates.
"Getting him up to speed won't take as long," defensive co-ordinator Robert Saleh said. "I can promise you that when he gets out there, he'll be like a fireball. It will be cool to see."
Foster had a trying off-season following an arrest in February on charges of beating up his girlfriend. He was charged in April with felony domestic violence, forcefully attempting to dissuade a witness and felony possession of an assault weapon.
That led to the decision by the 49ers to keep him away from the off-season program and general manager John Lynch said Foster would be cut if it was proven he hit his girlfriend.
But the case quickly fell apart. The accuser, Elissa Ennis, recanted her accusations two days after telling police she was hit in the head eight to 10 times by Foster. She testified at a preliminary hearing earlier this month that the injuries were caused by a fight with another woman and she gave prosecutors video of that fight. She said she lied initially because she wanted retribution after Foster tried to end their relationship.
Judge Nona Klippen said recantations aren't uncommon in domestic violence cases but said there was no supporting evidence in this case that Foster had attacked Ennis and dropped the domestic violence charges. Foster still faces a misdemeanour weapons charge for having a Sig Sauer 516 short-barrelled rifle in his home that was legally registered in Alabama.
Foster also had a misdemeanour marijuana case dismissed in Alabama this month when he completed a pretrial diversion program.
NBA estimates 40,000 more travel miles in a top 16 playoffs
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 23 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:46 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
NEW YORK (AP) — The NBA estimates an increase of 40,000 miles of travel in the postseason if it scrapped its current conference format and took the top 16 teams.
Calls to change the system were renewed this week when LeBron James left Cleveland for the Los Angeles Lakers, which could create another strong Western Conference team, where both Houston and Golden State finished above .700. The only team in the Eastern Conference with a similar record was Toronto. Houston and Golden State met in a thrilling West final before the Warriors swept the Cavaliers in the NBA Finals.
Commissioner Adam Silver has said ideally there would be a format allowing the two best teams to meet for the title, but he has repeatedly expressed concern about the additional travel that would be created if teams were seeded 1 to 16 in the postseason, instead of the current format in which it's the top eight teams in each conference.
"I think, as I've said in the past, the obstacle is travel, and it's not tradition in my mind, at least," Silver said at the All-Star break. "It's that as we've added an extra week to the regular season, as we've tried to reduce the number of back-to-backs, that we are concerned about teams crisscrossing the country in the first round, for example. We are just concerned about the overall travel that we would have in the top 16 teams."
The league says it averages about 90,000 miles of total travel in the postseason and estimates that would increase to 130,000. It estimates, based on historical data, an average of 2½ series per year matching teams separated by three time zones before the NBA Finals, with about a 90 percent chance of at least one per season.
The WNBA switched its playoff format to the top eight teams instead of by conference in 2016.
A 1-to-16 format would likely mean the league would have to balance the schedule so teams played the same amount of games in the regular season against East and West teams, instead of playing more against the teams on its side.
That would create about 150,000 additional miles of travel in the regular season, the league estimates, from the 1.4 million miles of total travel in 2017-18.
"It's still my hope that we're going to figure out ways," Silver said. "Maybe ultimately you have to add even more days to the season to spread it out a little bit more to deal with the travel. Maybe air travel will get better. All things we'll keep looking at."
___
This story has been corrected to show that Houston and Golden State had the top two records in the Western Conference, not the entire league.
The first data on how well the flu vaccine is working this season in North America has just been published.
The main flu subtype going around in the U.S. and Canada this season is H3N2. A recent study from the journal Eurosurveillance, Europe's journal on infectious disease surveillance, found that the vaccine in use this season is only 10 percent effective.
To produce flu vaccines, manufacturers must grow flu viruses. Researchers discovered long ago that a flu virus grows extremely effectively in eggs. However, researchers also found that there are problems with the egg-based approach that specifically relate to H3N2, and those issues are contributing to lower efficacy this season.
When a vaccine recommended to everyone is found to be only 10% effective during an epidemic flu season, the need for change is clear. Here is a link to an article on the topic: https://t.co/7QlrOYQD82 and here is a resource to help you stay healthy: https://t.co/kheR1X26qc pic.twitter.com/839mrksXs6 — Holistic Health (@HolisticHlthPDX) February 2, 2018
Download
Supplement 1: GISAID sequences used in the study
Vitality T20 Blast: All you need to know about T20 Blast 2018
KUMAR FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR News 124 // 04 Jul 2018, 16:58 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Notts became the champions of 2017 season.
Vitality T20 Blast is the 5th season of England's domestic T20 competition. In this league, as many as 18 teams, divided into north and south divisions will fight for the championship. During the group stage, each club plays six of the other teams in the same division twice, once at a home stadium and once at a home ground of their opponents.
They play the other two teams only once, for a total of 14 games each. At the end of group stage, Top four teams from each group enter the knock-out stage of the competition.
2018 season will be very exciting as many famous international players will play in the tournament. The Afghanistan spin trio of Rashid Khan, Mohammad Nabi and Mujeeb Ur Rahman will play in the league. Rashid Khan, No 1 T20I bowler will play for Sussex this season.
Death overs specialists Andrew Tye and Dwayne Bravo will also feature in the tournament. Kane Williamson, the orange cap winner of IPL will represent Yorkshire Vikings.
Wahab Riaz, Mohammad Abbas, and Sekkuge Prasanna are the other Asian players to feature in the tournament.
Joe Denly topped batting charts in 2017 season.
Nottinghamshire Outlaws were the defending champions of 2017 season. Joe Denly, the leading run-scorer in 2017 season scored 567 runs at a strike rate of 150.79. He scored a couple of centuries with a high score of 127.
Clint Mckay topped the bowling charts with 23 wickets in 12 matches with best figures of 5/11. He took those wickets at a strike rate of 11.2. Jake Ball of Nottinghamshire Outlaws took 22 wickets from 14 matches.
Where: England.
When: League stage starts from July 4.
TV channel: Sony Six, Sony Six HD.
Live Streaming: Sony Liv.
What is your favourite team in the league? Sound off your opinions in the comments section below!
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Tyrell Williams, left tackle Russell Okung and defensive tackle Brandon Mebane were each named the team's captains for Sunday's preseason opener against the Seattle Seahawks.
Williams, of course, broke out last season with the Bolts, recording seven touchdown catches, 69 receptions for 1,056 yards in 16 games and quickly became one of Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers favorite receivers.
It's also pretty ironic that Chargers rookie coach Anthony Lynn elected to name both Mebane and Okung the other two team captains, considering that both played for the Seahawks.
Okung is entering his first season with the Bolts. The former Oklahoma State Cowboy signed a four-year deal worth $50 million while Mebane is entering his second year with the team.
The team announced who they have decided has earned the connotation of captain via a new release at halftime, which was worded as follows:
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jacob Rees-Mogg is a charming, tweedy, highly entertaining Tory with a dry wit and dusty eccentricity.
And because it's Silly Season, because politics is so broken and X Factor has taught us to vote for weirdos because it annoys the people in charge, he's being touted as the next Prime Minister.
There's no doubt he'd be funnier than Theresa May for at least 30 seconds. And the idea of sending a time-travelling Bertie Wooster into summits and Buckingham Palace and COBRA meetings is joyful, if unwise.
And to be fair to The Mogg he's one of the few MPs who's taken part in 100% of votes in this Parliament, spoken in more debates than most of his colleagues and voted against bankers' bonuses, which considering he's a banker is decent of him.
But here's a thing you may not know. In September 2016 he told the BBC he'd probably vote for Donald Trump if he was an American. And in October, after his favoured candidate was caught on tape saying because he was famous he could "grab [women] by the pussy", Mogg declared he could never possibly vote for such a man.
Gentlemanly, yes? Good manners. British values, right there.
(Image: Rex Features)
Except UNTIL that point he was happy to vote for a man who in June launched his presidential campaign saying Mexicans are rapists, who in July rowed with the parents of a Muslim-American war hero and asked Russia to hack the US election, who in August accused a critical reporter of having "blood coming out of her wherever" and twice suggested gun-toting rednecks assassinate Hillary Clinton.
In Sepember, just days before the Moggster endorsed him, Trump was exposed as calling a Latina former Miss Universe a "fat pig" and referring to her as "Miss Housekeeping".
Even if you put Trump's talk down to bantz rather than ingrained xenophobia, misogyny and shit-eating stupidity it's neither British nor eccentric to vote for it.
But there's a lot we don't know about Mogg. So allow me to enlighten you.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The basics you know, or can imagine: son of a newspaper editor, trading in stocks and reading the FT since the age of 12, always wears a double-breasted suit even when rescuing books from a flooded university library, and chooses really excellent names for his children of whom there are many, and bugger the carbon footprint.
And for a man who likes Latin he's clear of speech, pro-Brexit like 17m other people and supremely confident in the way only the very posh are that everything will be fine.
Well, if I stood to inherit £100m and already had one £76,000-a-year job, several properties let out for more than £10,000-a-year and another £3,500 every week for just 9 hours' work at my investment bank I'd be pretty confident about the future too.
But Mogg's fortune is no reason to distrust the man. For that, we must look to his judgement.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
He's good at backing a loser. He supported Bumbling Boris Johnson for Tory leader, then Gurning Michael Gove and finally the dreadsome Andrea Leadsom.
In 2013 he voted AGAINST making it illegal to discriminate against someone on the basis of their caste. In 2016 he voted AGAINST supporting the British steel industry with Government infrastructure projects. He has voted against strengthening the Military Covenant which protects British veterans, against investigating the government's role in the Iraq war, and against helping long-term unemployed young people into work.
He not only voted for welfare cuts but also voted AGAINST linking benefits to prices, meaning under his rule the poorest would only ever get poorer.
He voted for you to pay more VAT, more tax on booze, more tax on plane tickets, and more tuition fees. He voted to privatise the Royal Mail, restrict legal aid and allow landlords like himself to charge tenants whatever they please.
He voted to keep hereditary peers and get rid of badgers, which public opinion has the other way round.
(Image: Moment RF)
He wanted Nigel Farage as deputy PM rather than Nick Clegg, despite a dearth of MPs. He has spoken at a dinner for a group demanding the deportation of black Britons without apparently Googling them first, and as an ardent Catholic holds medieval views about abortion and gay marriage.
In 2009 he published an election pamphlet showing him talking to a "constituent" in Somerset who turned out to be an employee of his investment firm who lived in London. He filibustered a bill which would have meant first aid was taught in schools.
Like Trump, he's part of the establishment yet also rails against it; like Trump he's big on social media and small in his outlook; and like Trump he's great at being a meme.
If Mogg went on stage at the Edinburgh Festival he'd go down a storm. If he went into Downing Street, he'd be a disaster.
The scrutiny of the finances and tax efficiencies of a man with fingers in so many pies would probably be enough to bring him down, and if not his lack of ever having held ministerial office would make the Labour Party seem a model government.
Add in the fact that today he's called for a drastic cut in income tax (we have one of the lowest in the G20) and suggested pulling down tower blocks to replacing them with houses because it doesn't take more space (it does unless you move to Lilliput) and you'll find Parliament votes down or laughs out most of his big ideas.
As for the Conservative Party - what it needs in its leader is a jam-like ability to stick them together and overcome 40 years of division on Europe. Mogg is such an arch Brexit monkey he'd have half of them setting up a new centrist party within a week.
The jury is out on whether Mogg really craves power or is the victim of Silly Season speculation because no-one else wants Theresa May's thankless task. But there are three things to be thankful for.
(Image: Jacob Rees Mogg/Instagram)
First, Mogg has taken to Instagram like a hydrophobic duck to water - aware he ought to be on it, but deeply uncomfortable about the whole thing. Enjoy.
Second, he's cleverer than Trump. Not much, but enough to know he doesn't want to be that shade of orange.
And third, if the Nazis marched through Somerset they'd find Mogg barring their way dressed like a Civil War cavalier and branding a fencing foil while challenging them all to a duel.
In short, Jacob Rees-Mogg adds to the gaiety of the nation and the breadth of debate, but the backbenches is probably the safest place for him.
And us.
WWE SummerSlam 2017: 10 twists that can happen at the PPV
What twists are in store at The Biggest Party of the Summer?
by Akash Cillanki Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 13:58 IST
Kevin Owens and AJ Styles will battle it out once again for the US title
WWE's first dual-brand pay-per-view featuring superstars from both Monday Night Raw and Smackdown Live, WWE Summerslam 2017, is coming up in a week's time and expectations are high with the match card on offer.
Brock Lesnar defends his WWE Universal Championship in a Fatal Four-Way match against Braun Strowman, Roman Reigns, and Samoa Joe, while Jinder Mahal's WWE Championship reign is under threat from Shinsuke Nakamura -- with the spectre of Baron Corbin and his Money in the Bank contract looming large over both men.
Also Read: WWE SummerSlam 2017: 5 things that fans hope won't happen but surely will at the PPV
There seems to be an imminent Shield reunion as Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose work towards getting on the same page, while the WWE United States Championship is on the line once again with AJ Styles and Kevin Owens renewing their rivalry with Shane McMahon as Special Guest Referee.
With so many high-profile matches incoming on the massive four-hour long pay-per-view, what twists and turns can we expect through the course of the night?
So, without any further ado, here is our list of 10 twists that can happen at WWE Summerslam 2017:
#10 Neville loses Cruiserweight Championship
Can anyone dethrone Neville?
Neville has established himself as the best thing about the underwhelming Cruiserweight Division since making his return as a heel earlier this year and no one except Austin Aries has come close to ending his title run.
With Aries now gone from the company, Akira Tozawa is the next contender and it would be a real shock if he somehow managed to dethrone "The King of the Cruiserweights".
How England should line up at the 2018 World Cup
Analysing which players should start for England at the World Cup
Rikky Luiz CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018, 17:55 IST 622 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Gareth Southgate will play with 3 centre-backs at the World Cup
The World Cup 2018 is not far away. England is in Group G with Belgium, Tunisia and Panama. Manager Gareth Southgate has picked his 23-man squad for the upcoming tournament.
They will be the only team in Russia with a squad consisting solely of players from their own league. There are eight players who will be going to their first tournament. In previous friendly matches, Southgate persisted with 3 centre-backs.
We are going to analyse who should start for the Three Lions in their 3-5-2 formation.
Goalkeeper and defenders
Joe Hart started in nine of England's ten qualifying matches. However, he will not be going to Russia because of his lack of football for West Ham this season. Jordan Pickford, Jack Butland and Nick Pope are going to the World Cup.
Last summer, Everton made some significant signings. Expectations were big, but they only managed to finish at eighth place. This was a shocking season for them and Jordan Pickford was the only bright spot in their squad. He played every single match in the Premier League this season. Because of these facts, Jordan Pickford deserves to start at the World Cup.
John Stones should play the role of ball-playing defender in the middle because he brings a composed passing game. He is one of the most improved defenders this year.
Kyle Walker surely starts at right centre-back and Harry Maguire should start on the left. Maguire is a great passer, great tackler and fits well for the England setup.
Kieran Trippier is easily one of the best crossers in the English Premier League. This season, he provided 5 assists in 24 Premier League matches for Tottenham. He is a perfect pick for right wing back position at the World Cup.
Left wingback position is reserved for Ashley Young. This season, he was one of the best players in Jose Mourinho's squad. He scored 2 goals and provided 5 assists in 30 appearances in the Premier Leagues. His attacking ability can be crucial for this formation.
INGERSOLL, Ont. — The union representing about 2,500 striking workers at GM's CAMI assembly plant in Ingersoll says the two sides remain far apart on job security and economic issues.
The members of Unifor Local 88 walked off the job Sept. 17 as negotiators worked to have GM designate the plant as the lead producer of the Equinox SUV, which is also produced at two plants in Mexico.
The union says it has been meeting with the automaker daily since Sept. 27 and has "worked through a lot of the contract language," but is awaiting a response from GM on the outstanding issues.
Unifor says the two sides have agreed to pause the talks over the long holiday weekend and reconvene next Tuesday, but will be ready to resume bargaining "at a moment's notice" should GM respond sooner.
GM Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the ongoing negotiations.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid said Friday that he had spoken with both GM Canada president Stephen Carlisle and Unifor president Jerry Dias in the last 48 hours.
Neither had asked for government support to keep the Equinox lines in Ontario, he said, while urging both parties to reach an agreement.
"I know they're working very hard and I hope they'll be working over the weekend to find a resolution to this collective bargaining dispute," Duguid said. "It is rippling through our supply chain economy in Ontario."
Last Sunday, Dias dismissed GM's latest contract offer as "fluff," saying it still allows the company to shift its resources away from the Ingersoll plant.
He said the union will not back any deals unless they're confident that more jobs won't be shifted to Mexican plants.
A wanted man was arrested outside Wilson Central High School last week, before he escaped custody and led police on a brief chase. According to Wilson County Sheriff Lt. Scott Moore, the man, identified as 40-year-old Paul Edward Eden, was wanted out of Trousdale County.
Around 10:30 a.m. May 23, a faculty member saw him walking in a wooded area near the baseball field and said he appeared to be armed and dangerous. Moore said School Resource Officers were immediately notified and responded to the area, and Eden was detained after a brief foot chase.
“While walking the suspect back to the patrol car, he stated that he had ditched a firearm under a school bus and some drugs as well,” said Moore. “After officers placed the suspect in the back of one of the patrol cars, they began to go locate the weapons and drugs which was approximately 20 feet away from the vehicle. The suspect then manipulated his way through the middle window of the cage and was able to drive the vehicle away.”
Moore said the SROs chased Eden west bound on Central Pike, south on Logue Road, east on Stewarts Ferry and south on Kimberly Drive, which is a dead end street. After crashing through a fence and hitting a tree, Eden led officers on another brief foot chase before being captured again.
“Eden was wanted out of Trousdale County on Disorderly Charges and a BOLO was issued from Trousdale to surrounding agencies [last week] because of statements that he had made regarding that he wasn't going back to jail and officers would have to kill him,” said Moore.
According to Moore, Eden is a convicted felon with an extensive drug history. He was under medical observation a hospital and had to be medically cleared prior to being brought to Wilson County Jail.
“The faculty member who reported the suspicious activity is to be commended,” said Moore.
“We would like to thank Mr. Travis Mayfield [WCHS principal] and his staff for identifying the suspect and deploying his safety procedures so that the suspect was quickly apprehended by the SROs,” said Mickey Hall, deputy director of Wilson County Schools.
According to Hall, Mayfield sent a robo-call to students' parents informing them of the incident.
“We would like to thank our SROs and the Sheriff's Office for their work in apprehending the suspect; and the Lebanon Police Department for providing officers to our campus. Both agencies did an excellent job keeping our students and staff safe during this incident.”
As of Tuesday afternoon, Mayfield could not be reached for comment.
WWE Money in the Bank 2017 News: Sami Zayn comments on the upcoming Money in The Bank ladder match
Zayn fondly recalled his NXT TakeOver match with Shinsuke Nakamura.
by Prityush Haldar News 15 Jun 2017, 11:09 IST
Sami Zayn scratched and clawed his way to a victory for his team on Smackdown LIVE this week
What's the story?
WWE Superstar Sami Zayn recently spoke to Fox News in an exclusive interview. The Underdog from the Underground spoke about his approach to ladder matches, the inherent danger of the Money in The Bank match and his memorable match with Shinsuke Nakamura.
In case you didn't know...
Sami Zayn and Shinsuke Nakamura put on a clinic at NXT TakeOver Dallas. The match was voted one of the best of 2016. That was Sami's last match in NXT and he was given a rousing sendoff by the fans in attendance.
Since then, Zayn has put on some stellar matches with the likes of Kevin Owens, The Miz, and Cesaro but none of them managed to replicate the magic of his clash with Nakamura.
The heart of the matter
Speaking of the ladder match, Sami stated that his mindset had changed a lot since his early days in the business back in 2002. He said that his matches were now more about dramatics rather than high-flying moves. He recalled how the Hardy Boyz, Edge and Christian, and the Dudley raised the bar with their ladder matches during the Attitude Era.
Sami Zayn said that his match at NXT TakeOver Dallas was a special one for him. He pointed out that it was his last match at NXT and Nakamura's first in the company and those dynamics gave it a big fight feel.
Sami mentioned that Shinsuke Nakamura's career has followed an intriguing trajectory since that night and he was looking forward to facing him again at the Money in the Bank ladder match.
What's next?
Sami Zayn will step into the ring against five other competitors for a chance to become Mr Money in The Bank. The Money in the Bank PPV will emanate from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, MO and stream live on the WWE Network.
Author's take
Sami Zayn has a wealth of experience working in the indies as El Generico. His feud with Kevin Owens (then Kevin Steen) went on to become the best feud of the year in 2010. He has competed in a couple of ladder matches in the WWE but has not been able to emerge as the winner, as of yet.
Zayn will be going into the match with a chip on his shoulder against some of the top stars of the blue brand.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Cristiano Ronaldo inspires me says Virat Kohli
Kohli hails Ronaldo's work ethic
by Debdoot Das Breaking 01 Jan 2017, 22:07 IST
Kohli scored 1215 runs in Tests in 2016
What's the story?
India's Test captain Virat Kohli takes inspiration from Portuguese football icon Cristiano Ronaldo, and says he wants to emulate the latter's work-ethic.
"I take a lot of inspiration from Cristiano Ronaldo. The way he has stayed on top for so many years, it's nothing but down to hard work. I have heard he is the most hardworking footballer in the world and that's why he is where he is.
Messi is a freak (genius) but this guy (Ronaldo) is giving him run for his money because of his hard work," Kohli said in a chat with the England and Wales Cricket Board.
In case you didn't know...
Like Ronaldo, Kohli too is a fitness freak and spends a lot of hours in the gym. He believes that a fit and athletic body helps his performance in the cricket field. Their friendship too is not something very new. The Indian star has been a fan of the Real Madrid forward for some time now which is very evident from the fact that they had a quite a long Twitter conversation at a point of time in 2014.
The heart of the matter
Kohli says while Messi is a born genius, Ronaldo has reached that level by virtue of his hard work and his dedication to fitness. Therefore, he sees the Real star as an inspiration and says he will try and emulate the kind of work he puts in. Kohli's liking for Ronaldo is nothing new, both are star players and are presently at the peak of their form. With his hard work and skills, Ronaldo also grabbed the Ballon d' Or and the Euro Cup this year. So it is not surprising that Kohli loves his work-ethic.
What next?
We have to wait and see if and when Ronaldo reads this, how would he respond. Maybe Virat will succeed in getting the legend here in India. And also if Kohli follows the training regime of Ronaldo he might surpass his 1215 runs in Tests and over 2500 plus runs across all formats in 2016, this year.
Sportskeeda's Take
It is not often that you see a star cricketer praising someone from a different sport who is still active. This just show's Kohli's humbleness and his desire to strive for excellence. Kohli has been a pillar for the Indian cricket team in the last few years, and hopefully, with his new found inspiration, he will keep doing that.
A consortium of lenders led by IDBI Bank had put on sale 55% of their stake in GMR Rajahmundry Energy, which they acquired last year as part of conversion of debt into equity. Photo: Mint
Hyderabad: GMR Infrastructure Ltd said that Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has declined to extend the deadline to lenders of GMR Rajahmundry Energy Ltd for the sale of their 55% stake in a gas-based power project in Andhra Pradesh.
A consortium of lenders led by IDBI Bank had put on sale 55% of their stake in GMR Rajahmundry Energy, which they acquired last year as part of conversion of debt into equity. GMRL operates a 768 MW natural gas—based power plant at Rajahmundry in the coastal region of AP.
The debt was converted into equity as part of debt restructuring. Following the conversion, lenders got 55% stake in the project while the promoters' holding was reduced to 45%. The project still has a debt of Rs2,366 crore.
GERL has not commenced operations pending linkage of natural gas from the ministry of petroleum and natural gas till September 2015, resulting into lenders invoking strategic debt restructuring (SDR), under which the debt would be converted as equity.
“Under the SDR scheme, the banks have to find a new promoter for GERL within the period as prescribed under the scheme, which expired during the quarter ended 30 June 2017. The lenders sought the approval from the RBI for the extension of timelines for a further period of three months which has not been accepted by RBI,” GMR said in regulatory filing recently.
“The lenders and management are exploring various options for revival/sale of the project,” it said. Under the SDR, borrowing aggregating Rs1,308.57 crore and interest accrued Rs105.42 crore was converted into equity shares on 12 May 2017 for 55% stake in GREL. The group has given a guarantee of Rs2,738 crore for the remaining debt.
According to a pre-bid document issued by the IDBI, the project still has a debt of Rs2,366 crore. IDBI Capital invited offers in January 2017 from interested parties, who might be willing to buy 55% of the equity shares and take over the management and control of the company and the project.
The power plant project was completed in 2012, but the commissioning of the project was delayed due to unavailability of gas supply on account of unprecedented fall in gas production in KG—D6 basin, which led to cost overruns. The project was fully commissioned in October 2015. The promoter holding in GMR Rajahmundry Energy is valued at Rs1,157 crore, while bankers' equity is valued at Rs1,414 crore post—SDR, as per the bid document.
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To His Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
"Don't look like it," Lue said. "We had no fight. I thought they took the game to us on both ends."
James finished with just 11 points and didn't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead. Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland.
Somber wouldn't even describe the mood in the Cavaliers' locker room, where players dressed quietly without any conversation.
"Another embarrassing loss," Thomas said. "Something gotta change. I don't know. It was bad from the jump. I don't want to comment too much on it. I need to watch film to see what really went down. It wasn't a good one for us on both ends."
The Cavs played their second game without injured All-Star forward Kevin Love, who could be out two months with a broken left hand suffered earlier this week.
Love's injury hurts, obviously, but there are far bigger issues with a Cleveland team that has lost 12 of 18 and appears to be tearing apart at the seams.
With the Rockets up 35 in the third quarter, the Cavs didn't even bother to huddle during a timeout. Thomas and J.R. Smith sat at the middle of the scorer's table while James and other players wandered near the bench area as Lue and his staff tried to figure what to do next.
James doesn't have any answers. The three-time champion said the situation is reminiscent of his first season with Miami. The Heat started 9-8 but finally found their groove.
James isn't so sure the Cavs can do the same.
"When you have an opportunity, you do your job and you do it to the highest of your ability and you live with those results. We don't do that every day."
One of James' closest friends, Paul isn't writing the Cavs off just yet.
"You got LeBron James over there in that locker room," he said. "What else does the man need to do? I'm a little biased, but what else does he need to do? If you all don't believe in him, you're all trippin'."
The Cavs actually did a decent job on Harden, who recorded the first 60-point triple-double earlier in the week against Orlando. Harden went just 5 of 14 from the field.
Down 26 at halftime, James and the Cavs walked off the floor hearing boos from Cleveland fans who have grown tired of their lack of defence, chemistry and commitment.
With the trade deadline on Thursday, Cleveland might need to make a major move to have any chance of getting back to its fourth straight Finals. This group isn't getting it done.
"Our mindset has to change — what we're really playing for," Lue said. "Are we playing to win or are we playing to look good? We have to be tougher. When things get tough we have to be tougher."
TIP-INS
Rockets: Harden, who went 1 for 11 on 3s, tweaked his ankle in the third quarter, but stayed in. ... Paul passed Andre Miller (8,624) for ninth place on the career assists list. ... G Eric Gordon (lower back stiffness) missed his second consecutive game, but coach Mike D'Antoni expects the team's second-leading scorer to play Tuesday in Brooklyn.
Cavaliers: Love met with reporters before the game and acknowledged he's "still down" after suffering his third broken hand in 10 seasons. He said the previous two times he recovered more quickly than expected. ... Dwyane Wade passed Payton (21,813) points and moved into 32nd place on the career list.
ROCKET LAUNCHERS
D'Antoni felt his team gained confidence after hitting several early 3-pointers.
"It makes it easier," he said. "Once you see the ball go in a couple of times everybody gets feeling good about it."
Houston finished 19 of 51 behind the line.
UP NEXT
Rockets: Visit Brooklyn on Tuesday.
Cavaliers: At Orlando on Tuesday.
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
ATHENS, Ga. — Leaonna Odom scored 16 points and fifth seed Duke's defence was dominant, holding fourth seed Georgia to two second-quarter points in a 66-40 women's NCAA Tournament second-round win on Monday night.
Lexie Brown and Erin Mathias each had 14 points for Duke (24-8), which will play UConn in the Albany Regional on Saturday.
Georgia (26-7) made only 1 of 19 shots in the second period. The Lady Bulldogs set season lows for fewest points in a period and game and lowest field-goal percentage (24.0) in a game.
The Lady Bulldogs missed their first 13 3-pointers before Simone Costa sank a 3 midway through the final period.
Ultra Omega Burn is the safest supplement you ever find online. This supplement offers you unique results where you can gain more benefits in a short period. It doesn't contain any drugs or unwanted chemicals. This product makes your stubborn fat get decreased in a matter of days. CLA Safflower Oil Review Every day you can feel sharper, refreshed and healthier than ever before. This product fight against all the invisible enemies in your body that keeps blocking your weight loss. By getting this product now, you can feel free from all the struggle and burn fat naturally.
This Ultra Omega Burn product doesn't offer you any side effects or risk at all. This unique natural supplement comes with a 365-day money-back guarantee in which it makes your completely safe. So, I highly recommend you to get your bottle of Ultra Omega Burn today! The “Base Track” plan is the perfect starting point for beginners who are new to dieting as it includes a flexible eating plan, giving you the freedom to enjoy more of the foods you love while losing weight with intermittent fasting The “Fast Track” plan is Thomas' personal intermittent fasting regimen designed to evoke accelerated results by including a more precise macronutrient-ratio based eating plan to follow Both plans come with a weekly Fasting Planner that includes your sample day-to-day eating schedule along with a Food Journal for maximum accountability The ShredFast Workout Course:
We've had an evening to digest the absolutely bananas story from The Ringer that Sixers president Bryan Colangelo allegedly used burner Twitter accounts to, amongst other things, reveal injury news, rip his predecessor Sam Hinkie, and bash his best player Joel Embiid. Very fascinating stuff, and because there are no REAL stakes it's the perfect thing for NBA Twitter to joke about relentlessly until the Finals begin on Thursday.
Two such jokers are Mavs owner Mark Cuban and Rockets GM Daryl Morey:
We would like to confirm that we are not a @dmorey burner account. — The Dream Shake (@DreamShakeSBN) May 30, 2018
You need two blue checks to confirm you are not a burner https://t.co/eZPp2KZ3hg — Daryl Morey (@dmorey) May 30, 2018
Actually , that was back in the day. As of the new TPA (Twitter Posting Agreement ) every NBA exec gets assigned 7 burner accounts. Let me know if I can help you get a 🔥for your accounts. BTW, loved your burner account names. @moreymeister is my fave. #FeelTheBurn https://t.co/SRn6vH6PBd — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) May 30, 2018
And this was, of course, the perfect opportunity for a Cyber Dust, the texting app in which messages disappeared that Cuban was pushing hard a couple years ago:
So there are still two more burner accounts? Can Cyber Dust help? https://t.co/7LTrnF9uA0 — Daryl Morey (@dmorey) May 30, 2018
Dude. I know you have been busy, but we all get our TPS reports weekly. This one had the cover letter that clearly stated “Burner Accounts”. So yes, you have 2 left. And @DustMessaging is for DMs of course. HMU there w any ? #FeelTheBurn https://t.co/eFV1vyjB9Y — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) May 30, 2018
The NBA may never catch the NFL in terms of game viewership, but the outside the lines social conversation is absolutely out of this world.
Fire hits Russian World Cup construction site in Volgograd
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 19:36 IST
An aerial view shows a construction site of the new Pobeda (Victory) Arena soccer stadium (C) in the city of Volgograd, Russia, July 15, 2015. Russia will host the World Cup soccer tournament for FIFA in 2018. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A fire broke out on Wednesday at the soccer World Cup venue under construction in the southern Russian city of Volgograd, authorities said, attributing its cause to neglected safety regulations.
Russian will host the opening match for FIFA's Confederations Cup on Saturday in St Petersburg, a tournament widely seen as a dress rehearsal for the 2018 World Cup finals.
Volgograd, an industrial city 865 km (540 miles) south of Moscow, is not part of the Confederations Cup line up but will host four group-stage matches in the 2018 tournament.
Russia's Emergencies Ministry said the blaze, which was put out just before 7 a.m. (0400 GMT), had been caused by a "violation of fire safety regulations during welding".
No people were injured or killed in the fire, the ministry said in a statement.
A spokeswoman for Stroytransgaz, the company building the stadium, told Reuters the fire was thought to have been caused by a welding spark that ignited thermal insulation materials before spreading to some plastic foam nearby.
The company — which is controlled by businessman Gennady Timchenko, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin who was slapped with U.S. sanctions after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014 — has yet to estimate the damage but expects it to be small, the spokeswoman said.
Video footage of the blaze circulated by Russian media showed a plume of thick smoke rising from the carcass of the 45,000-seat stadium.
"There was simply a lot of smoke, which made it look really bad, but no major damage," a source in the local World Cup organising committee told Reuters. "Some smoke damage to one of the columns but that can be painted over."
Russia will host the World Cup finals next year in 12 venues spread across 11 cities, including Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Sochi and Kazan.
These four cities are hosting the Confederations Cup, a two-week tournament that will feature the host country, world champions Germany and the various regional champions.
(Reporting by Moscow Newsroom; Editing by Alison Williams)
This little boy really doesn't understand that no
Is this the best TV episode cliffhanger of all ti
Woman causes outrage by URINATING on Koran before
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of Scouse pranksters wired their colleague's car horn to his brakes in an hilarious prank video .
The video has racked up thousands of shares after being posted alongside the caption: “wired the brake switch into the horn on the apprentice's Corsa.”
The footage was reportedly filmed by the driver's colleague - but it is not yet known who is behind the clip.
In the video, filmed from a van driving behind the victim, the pranksters can be heard laughing every time he puts on his breaks - which automatically sounds the horn.
(Photo: Car Society)
At one point it appears their joke may have gone too far - when one of men filming mistakes a passing vehicle for a police car, The Liverpool Echo reports.
He says: “I thought that was a Police car pulled up then.. I was going to p**s myself!”
(Photo: Car Society)
The driver of the car eventually pulls over, as one of the pranksters declares their trick “a belter.”
The clip was posted on Facebook site CarSociety.
Ivana Trump, the president's first wife, revealed that she was offered an ambassadorship to the Czech Republic, her native country — but she turned it down, the Washington Post reports.
England are 'Diernamite!' Press hail end to penalty shootout woe
London, Jul 4 (AFP) "Just Diernamite!" screamed the Sun after Eric Dier ended England's penalty hoodoo in Russia, slotting home the decisive spot-kick to beat Colombia and qualify for the World Cup quarter-finals.
A bare-chested, grinning Dier was labelled the "Coolest Man in Moscow" by the Daily Mail, who added with a touch of hyperbole: "The explosion of relief must have been heard in space." The Daily Mirror hailed: "Justice as Lions win do-or-Dier shootout" following the 4-3 win on spot-kicks in Moscow.
England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford earned rave reviews, with the Sun hailing the "Hand of Jord", harking back back to Diego Maradona's "Hand of God" incident in 1986, when the Argentine put the ball into the net with his hand.
The paper revels in being able to at last print: "It's the headline we have waited a lifetime to write... England wins on penalties (Yes really!)".
The Times announced drily: "Souvenir edition -- commemorating an England penalty shootout win." Colombia are roundly panned for their behaviour, with England captain Harry Kane and his team complimented for their coolness in the face of intimidation.
Several former referees writing in the press said Wilmar Barrios should have been sent off rather than just booked for an apparent head butt on Jordan Henderson.
"Cheats did not prosper. They barged and butted our young Lions but we win battle of Moscow," said the Daily Mail.
The Mirror labelled them: "Snarling, cynical Colombians," while the Sun said: "Brute Force -- Kane 'n Co hold their own in street fight." Looking ahead to Saturday's quarter-final with Sweden in Samara, the media do not appear to have heeded manager Gareth Southgate's claim that England have underestimated the Swedes for years.
"Sweden is like watching bad old England. There is... Nothing to Fear," trumpeted the Daily Mail.
The Sun believes the shine of beating Colombia will be well and truly taken off should they slip up against the Swedes.
"Fors is Strong... Swedes have no stars...Three Lions shouldn't make Emil of it," said the Sun, referring to goalscorer Emil Forsberg, whose strike earned a 1-0 win against Switzerland.
"If Gareth Southgate's team cannot take care of this lot in the quarter-finals, they probably should not bother coming home." The Times, though, see things rather differently and issues a warning: "Resolute Sweden a team to be reckoned with
Test Boost Elite Pumpkin seeds are a rich supply of zinc. It boosts secretion of testosterone and increases sex force certainly. It additionally includes omega Test Boost Elite fatty acids to enhance health. Dates are wealthy in amino acids to enhance stamina. Maca is some other high-quality meals to decorate intercourse power in men. it is wealthy in amino acids, minerals and nutrients. It boosts energy tiers, stamina and male fertility. it's also widely used for the remedy of erectile disorder. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Blac Chyna has fired back at Kim Kardashian over the reality star's Valentine's Day 'hate list'.
Kim stirred up controversy this week by shamelessly calling out of all her celebrity 'haters' while promoting her new fragrances entitled Bae, BFF and Ride and Die.
The reality TV star, who recently welcomed her third child Chicago, put together a list of all the celebrities she'd be gifting with her latest fragrances.
Sharing the list on Snapchat, Kim, 37, revealed her selection of high profile names which were divided into three categories by coloured post-its - and Chyna was among them.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
"I'm going to send them to my lovers, to my haters... to everyone that I'm thinking of because it's Valentine's Day after all," she announced.
Responding to Kim's very public diss on Friday, Chyna has reportedly branded her 'cruel' and a 'bully'.
Sources close to the mum-of-two told TMZ that she's annoyed that she was included on the list, saying she considers Kim a "very cruel, huge bully" who's using "Mean Girls" tactics to promote her latest products.
(Image: Instagram/blacchyna)
As well as Rob Kardashian's ex, Kim also listed Taylor Swif, Piers Morgan and Wendy Williams.
Bette Midler and Chloe Grace Moretz also made an appearance. Fans will remember Kim fell out with the actresses on Twitter after they dared criticise her naked selfies.
While on the 'nice list', with the pink post-it's, were Kim's showbiz pals Chrissy Teigen, Ciara and Paris Hilton - who is the new face of the Yeezy Season Six campaign.
For Some Hard-To-Find Tumors, Doctors See Promise In Artificial Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of The Felix Project Courtesy of The Felix Project
Artificial intelligence, which is bringing us everything from self-driving cars to personalized ads on the web, is also invading the world of medicine.
In radiology, this technology is increasingly helping doctors in their jobs. A computer program that assists doctors in diagnosing strokes garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this year. Another that helps doctors diagnose broken wrists in x-ray images won FDA approval on May 24th.
One particularly intriguing line of research seeks to train computers to diagnose one of the deadliest of all malignancies, pancreatic cancer, when the disease is still readily treatable.
That's the vision of Dr. Elliot Fishman, a professor of radiology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore. Artificial intelligence and radiology seem like a natural match, since so much of the task of reading images involves pattern recognition. It's a dream that's been decades in the making, Fishman says.
"When I started in radiology, they said, 'Ok don't worry about reading the chest x-rays because the computers will read them,' " Fishman says. "That was 35 years ago!"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Computers still can't perform the seemingly simple task of reading a chest x-ray, despite sky-high expectations and more than a little hype around the role of artificial intelligence. Fishman is undaunted as he turns this technology on pancreatic cancer.
And that disease is a huge challenge. Only 7 percent of patients given a pancreatic cancer diagnosis are alive five years later. One reason the disease is so deadly is that doctors usually diagnose it when it's too late to remove the tumors with surgery. Fishman and his team want to change that, by training computers to recognize pancreatic cancer early. Working with Johns Hopkins computer science students and faculty, they are helping develop a tumor-detecting algorithm that could be built into CT scanner software.
Americans get 40 million CT scans of the abdomen every year, for everything from car accidents to back pain. Imagine if a computer program with expert abilities could look for pancreas tumors in all those scans.
"That's the ultimate opportunity — to be able to diagnose it before you have any symptoms and at a stage where it's even maybe too subtle for a radiologist to be able to detect it," says Dr. Karen Horton, chair of the Johns Hopkins radiology department and Fishman's collaborator on the project.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The challenge lies in teaching a computer to detect what a well-trained doctor knows to look for.
"Elliot and I are very sub-specialized so we're really, really good," Horton says matter-of-factly. "We see more pancreatic cancer than probably anyone in the world."
She says if the computer algorithm could capture their collective knowledge about how to diagnose pancreatic cancer and give that expertise to the typical doctor, "you could be, I would argue, better than us, but certainly as good as us — which would mean better than most of the practicing radiologists."
Even a program perfectly attuned to finding patterns can't reliably recognize cancer if it hasn't been trained on reliable starting material.
When it comes to developing AI, "sometimes people say, 'oh just take a bunch of cases and put them in a computer and the computer will figure out what to do'," Fishman says. "That's nonsensical."
The Felix Project at Johns Hopkins, as the pancreas effort is called, pours a huge amount of human time, labor and intellect into training computers to recognize the difference between a normal pancreas and one with a tumor.
Of all the internal organs to deal with, "the pancreas is the hardest," Fishman says. "The kidney looks like a kidney, the liver's a big thing." On the other hand, he says, "The pancreas is a very soft organ, it sits way in the middle and the shape varies from patient to patient. Just finding the pancreas, even for radiologists, is at times a challenge."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Eva Zinreich, a retired oncologist, is up for that challenge. She is one of a team of medical experts who spend their days pouring over CT scans and teaching the computer how to recognize the pancreas, other organs, and then, tumors within the pancreas.
She sits at a computer workstation, wielding a digital paintbrush.
"I'll show you in 3D because that's the fun stuff, ok?" she says as she sets about coloring in the aorta and other blood vessels on a scan.
Next, she colors the pancreas yellow.
"You see that shaded area?" she asks. "That's the tumor," and she proceeds to color it red.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
It will take her almost four hours just to mark up this single scan. Four medical experts have been working full-time for well over a year on this project. They've done this painstaking work on scans from about 1,000 healthy people, and their tally of pancreatic cancer images is now approaching 1,000 as well, Fishman says.
They are feeding their annotated scans into the project's computer program and gradually teaching it to recognize the same signs of a tumor that radiologists now pick out of the scans.
At another workstation in the lab, radiologist Linda Chu is trying to make the computer system even more adept than Elliot Fishman and Karen Horton are at recognizing pancreas cancers. She's developing ways for the computer to look for patterns in the scan that the human eye can't pick out. It's interpreting textures in the images, rather than shapes and shading.
Chu says she's making tentative progress. For example, she's been training the software to identify subtle clues that distinguish between a benign cyst and cancer.
"We don't truly understand what the computer is seeing, but clearly the computer is able to see something in the images that us humans cannot comprehend at this point," Chu says.
But this is also part of the challenge of AI — if the computer highlights something that a human expert can't see, and it's not clear how it arrived at that conclusion, can you trust it?
"That's what makes the research interesting!" Chu says.
Computer science students from the Johns Hopkins University main campus are key to developing the software that's learning how to read and interpret the images that flow from Fishman's lab.
The Lustgarten Foundation, which is focused on pancreatic cancer, has provided nearly $4 million over two years to fund the Felix Project. Horton says if it's successful, all the information they collected on healthy people can be used as a starting point to study tumors elsewhere in the body.
"You could have Felix kidney, Felix liver, Felix lung, Felix, heart," she says. And they could all go together into the scanner software.
The project is named after the "Felix Felicis" good-luck potion, from the Harry Potter books. And, absent an effective magic spell, the laborious process is a reminder that success in bringing artificial intelligence to medicine will not be as simple as dumping piles of data into a computer and trusting that an algorithm will sort it all out.
You can contact Richard Harris at rharris@npr.org.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KPLR) - Everything is set for the NHL Winter Classic at Busch Stadium!
The Blues tweeted, "Due to the changing weather forecast, the start time for the winter classic will be announced at 7 a.m." However, the game will begin at noon as planned.
The Blues and Blackhawks did get to practice Sunday afternoon at Busch. They tried to get accustomed to the ice surface and the different sight lines.
Fans of both the Blues and Blackhawks are ready for the game!
"Our results are significantly different," said Damon Jones, an associate professor at the University of Chicago's Harris School of Public Policy who conducted the study along with two UIUC researchers.
"They rule out the kind of effects you find in nearly 80 per cent of those prior studies."
"We don't see anything trending toward savings."
First, money isn't much of an incentive. Without any cash offered, a little under half of employees completed the assessment and screening. A $100 reward for completing the screening only boosted that rate to 59 per cent. Doubling that reward didn't make much difference, raising the share of employees finishing the screening merely to 63 per cent.
Not that it may have mattered much to their employer. Looking at health insurance claims throughout the year, the researchers found participation in the wellness program didn't result in better health outcomes or lower health-care costs. The medical spending habits of the employees who didn't have access to the program were "almost identical" to those of the workers who did, said Jones.
It turns out that those most likely to take advantage of their employer's wellness offerings are healthy people who don't spend a lot on health care, and employees with the highest health-care costs are the least likely to participate. Surveys the researchers offered enrollees also found that wellness had no impact on job satisfaction or productivity.
Despite questions as to whether wellness programs actually work, companies are still pouring money into them.
The industry ballooned from a $1 billion one in 2011 to $6.8 billion five years later, according to an IBIS World analysis, and last year, almost a quarter of employers boosted their wellness offerings, the Society of Human Resource Management found in its yearly benefits survey.
Some studies have found that wellness programs can take around three years to yield any benefits; the researchers in the University of Illinois analysis tracked savings for only a year, though they plan to keep tracking for four. "It is possible that effects will emerge in the long run," said David Molitor, another researcher on the study.
But the first year of results, he said, doesn't suggest future savings. In fact, the control group had slightly lowed health insurance claims than those with access to the program.
Molitor's team also tracked how often employees using the wellness program went to the gym and whether they participated in a local run, to see if the program inspired healthier behaviours. They didn't do either more often than the control group. "We don't see anything trending toward savings," he said.
Bloomberg
Date Taken: 12.31.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:53 Photo ID: 3082978 VIRIN: 161231-A-GD775-010 Resolution: 5472x3648 Size: 8.56 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW
Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Promotion [Image 1 of 4], by MAJ Julius Penn, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
OTTAWA — An Opposition motion being debated in the House of Commons today calls on the government to act to stop the influx of illegal border crossers entering Canada from the U.S.
Conservative immigration critic Michelle Rempel and public safety critic Pierre Paul-Hus say they believe the government is simply throwing money at the problem of irregular migration that has been ramping up again this year, notably in Quebec.
Concerns were raised last week by the Quebec government over the mounting pressures caused by the tens of thousands of asylum seekers pouring into that province over the last year.
Some officials are projecting a further 400 people a day could cross into Quebec through forest paths this summer to claim asylum in Canada — a situation Rempel says will only exacerbate ongoing backlogs in the processing of refugee claims.
Take a step down memory lane with Showaddywaddy and relive classic hits such as Under The Moon Of Love, Three Steps To Heaven, and Hey Rock ‘n' Roll.
Don your brothel creeper shoes for a night of feelgood fun at the Winding Wheel, Chesterfield, on October 14.
Showaddywaddy have toured the country since 1973 and last year were declared the hardest working band in the UK by the nation's biggest entertainment guide Ents 24.
Tickets for their show in Chesterfield cost £22.50. Contact 01246 345222 or www.chesterfieldtheatres.co.uk
Five interesting facts about the new 1 coin
Mum's horror as baby is taken to HOSPITAL after b
What's different about the new £5 note?
City worker is the first to receive new 'cleaner,
Wirral woman is selling new fiver for £1,699 to p
What's different about the new £1 coin?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new 12-sided £1 coin is set to enter circulation on March 28.
The old 'round pound' - introduced more than 30 years ago - will cease to be legal tender on October 15 as the new £1 is dubbed the most secure in the world.
The new coins feature a string of security features including a hologram.
The hologram changes from a '£' symbol to the number '1' when the coin is seen from different angles
The Manchester Evening News reports around £1.3 billion worth of coins are stored in savings jars across the country, and the current £1 coin accounts for nearly a third of these.
People are being urged to return the £1 coins before they lose their legal tender status. They can either spend them before October 15 or bank them.
(Photo: Royal Mint/PA)
Some of the round £1 coins returned by the public will be melted down and reused to make the new £1 coin, which was announced in the 2014 Budget.
Replacing £1 notes, £1 coins were first launched on April 21, 1983. The Royal Mint has produced more than 2.2 billion round pound coins since that time.
But there have been concerns about round pounds being vulnerable to sophisticated counterfeiters. Around one in every 30 £1 coins in people's change in recent years has been fake.
When the new coin enters circulation on March 28, it might take a little while for people to start seeing it in their change as it gradually filters into general use.
(Photo: Getty)
The new coin is made of two metals, with a gold-coloured outer ring and a silver-coloured inner ring. It has an image that changes from a "£" symbol to the number "1" when the coin is seen from different angles. It also has very small lettering on both sides of the coin and milled edges.
It is thinner and lighter than the round pound, but its diameter is slightly larger.
Announcing the date when the new coin will enter circulation, Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Gauke said: "March 28 should be an important date in everybody's calendar this year - as we will have a new quid on the block.
"This is a historic moment as it's the first time we've introduced a new £1 coin since 1983, and this one will be harder to counterfeit than ever before.
(Photo: Getty)
"Our message is clear: if you have a round one pound coin sitting at home or in your wallet, you need to spend it or return it to your bank before October 15."
£1 coin factfile
Here are some facts about the new £1 coin and coins generally produced by the Royal Mint:
The Royal Mint has produced over 2.2 billion round pound coins since 1983 - equating to the weight of nearly 6,000 elephants
Twenty five different designs have appeared on the pound coin, from dragons to trees
The Royal Mint will make over 1.5 billion of the new £1 coins
If you put these coins side by side, there would be enough to go from the UK to New Zealand and back
If you put these coins side by side, there would be enough to go from the UK to New Zealand and back The new £1 coin is based on the design of the old 12-sided threepenny bit, which went out of circulation in 1971
It is being made at the Royal Mint in Llantrisant, Wales, at a rate of up to 2,000 each minute
Some of the round £1 coins returned by the public will be melted down and reused to make the new £1 coin
The oldest British coins in the Royal Mint's collection date back over 2,000 years.
Why the new £1 coin will be harder to counterfeit
Reporter's Notebook: In Small-Town Russia, 'Football Is My Life'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
My father parks the car and gestures toward the ground-level window of a squat red-brick apartment building, pocked with jutted-out balconies.
"This was my room," he says. "Mom would send me off to do homework, but I'd go quietly to the window — hop! — and off to the stadium."
As in: a few leaps to cross the street, jump the fence and there you are.
"We had no other life except for school, mandatory, and everything else was at the stadium," he says. This was his Soviet Union in the 1960s. Hockey in the winter, soccer in the summer. (Though, of course, my Russian father would never call football "soccer.")
Millions of Russian adults and children play soccer. In covering the World Cup, I asked dozens of Russians how long they've been watching or following soccer. It's been so long, many couldn't remember. Since elementary school? Maybe since middle school? One young woman said she was born wrapped in a football flag.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
In my father's hometown of Otradny ("Joyful," pop. 50,000), the stadium is about 50 miles from the brand-new Samara Arena hosting some of this year's World Cup matches. He now lives in Samara, but we've returned to meet one of his best friends from childhood, whose whole life has been devoted to the sport.
The two of them grew up in apartments next door to each other. Both are named Aleksandr, both are the same age. In the 1970s, they both played for the town soccer team called "Neftyanik" ("Oilworker," after the profession that created this town after World War II).
My father's friend, Aleksandr Purgayev, is still on that team — he's the coach.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
"Football is my life, it's everything," Purgayev says, standing over the desk in his office piled with black-and-white photos of young men in jerseys posing with or rushing after a soccer ball.
Trophies and plaques are propped up everywhere there's a flat surface. More of them are downstairs, by the main entrance, glistening in a grand display case.
His team is one of the best in the region. They win so many tournaments that Purgayev has to put on glasses and read the engraving to recall what each trophy is for. Players regularly go on to professional leagues and become coaches; one guy became a goalkeeper on the national team for beach soccer.
Here in Otradny, the players do get paid, but they're amateurs with other day jobs. Except for Purgayev, for whom soccer is the day job.
"For a long time now, all my family has understood," he says, "my wife and kids, they know — they used to say, 'You and your football!' but now they say, 'Dad is at work.' "
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
Purgayev and my father both say there probably isn't a single Russian guy who's never watched a match. Purgayev says their town games draw all kinds of people — up to a thousand in the stands — a lot of retired men, sure, but also girls, women with children.
As far as sport goes, soccer is pretty accessible. It doesn't require expensive equipment, just some shoes and a patch of dirt. It's just something you do as a kid, during recess in school, with friends in the yard, or in today's case, a fancy field.
On one side of Otradny's stadium is a cluster of tiny children, maybe 5 or 6 years old, kicking the ball around. On another side, a tall man towers over a squad of teenagers.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
His name is Valeriy Kruntiayev. His own soccer career had started here before he went off to several football academies, played semi-pro and pro, got an education degree and came back to train the next generation — and play on Purgayev's adult team.
"I remember when I was little," Kruntiayev says, "we had a shortage of players and our coach went to different schools and talked to boys, trying to convince them to come to practice. But now we don't have such a problem, we might get 30, 40, even 50 people coming. Everyone wants to train."
The changing room bursts into raucous laughter when Krutniayev summons one member of the team to talk to the reporter lady. The team is all teenage boys, except for one, who's a teenage girl.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alina Selyukh/NPR Alina Selyukh/NPR
Amir Tabarov comes bounding out. He's 14 and the captain of the team. He tells me his favorite players are Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo, Brazil's Ronaldinho — and his older brother, who is currently on Otradny's adult men's team and inspired him to get into soccer.
The World Cup is motivation to try to make it onto Russia's national team in time for the next tournament, Tabarov says. "It'll be in four years, I'll be 18 years old," he says. "Maybe I'll be representing Russia."
Coach Kruntiayev is wearing a "Russia 2018 FIFA World Cup" T-shirt at today's practice — he says he's been using the matches as material for training and has even overheard the little preschoolers discussing the games.
"You watch TV and think it's like a parallel universe that you'll never see or know except on TV," he says. "But here you realize [the famous players] are real, and here they are in Samara. You can go there and see."
The B.C. government is ending grizzly bear trophy hunting effective Nov. 30.
“This action is supported by the vast majority of people across our province,” Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced from Hazelton on Monday. “We believe the action we're taking goes beyond the commitment to Coastal First Nations made as part of the 2016 Great Bear Rainforest agreements.”
Premier John Horgan committed to ban the trophy hunting of grizzly bears in November 2016, and made it part of the NDP platform in the spring election.
“The Coastal First Nations banned the grizzly trophy hunt in the Great Bear Rainforest four years ago,” said Doug Neasloss, Chief Councillor of the Kitasoo-Xai'Xais First Nation on the B.C. coast, endorsing the NDP position last year. “A provincial ban is long overdue to stop the needless killing of grizzly bears for sport. Bear claws, hides and teeth are not trophies.”
After the Great Bear Rainforest land use plan was adopted, the former B.C. Liberal government began to retire guide-outfitter licenses in the region as territories were sold to bear-watching companies.
About a third of the province is off limits to grizzly hunting for wildlife management reasons. The rest is subject to a managed hunt for resident and non-resident guided hunters that has been validated by independent experts. Former forests minister Steve Thomson defended it a significant contribution to the provincial economy.
In a report released in October 2016, wildlife biologists from the University of Alberta and the University of Minnesota gave high marks to B.C.'s grizzly bear management, including the grizzly bear hunt lottery that attracts foreign hunters each year.
16 oustation cricketers likely to feature in TNPL
Chennai, Jul 4 (PTI) Sixteen outstation cricketers, including Delhi batsman Unmukt Chand are likely to feature in the third edition of Tamil Nadu Premier League (TNPL) for the first time.
The move comes after it was decided to open the doors to upto two uncapped players from other states for each of the eight franchises.
The players' participation is subject to clearance from the BCCI.
Delhi's Unmukt Chand, who led India to the Under-19 World Cup in 2012, Andhra Pradesh's G Hanuma Vihari and Saurashtra's wicketkeeper-batsman Sheldon Jackson are among those picked in the draft held today.
Chand has been picked by Karaikudi Kaalai, which will be coached by former India batsman S Badrinath, while Vihari will turn out for Dindigul Dragons,led by ace off-spinner R Ashwin.
A total of 112 players from 13 state associations had registered for the outstation player draft.
"Allowing upto two outstation players for each franchise is bound to increase the quality of cricket and the level of competition," TNCA joint secretary RI Palani said.
Playing alongside and against outstation players will further sharpen the skills of the players and that was the thought behind the move, he added.
Franchises will be allowed to field both outstation players in the playing XI, the organisers announced.
Among other guidelines, all registered outstation players should have been granted No Objection Certificate from their respective state associations, are uncapped Indian players and should never have been a part of any IPL team in 2018.
The third edition of TNPL to be played in three venues, will be held between July 11 and August 12.
Meanwhile, former India leg-spinner L Sivaramakrishnan said "every cricketer needs more exposure and the more you play the game, the better one becomes."
TNPL is also a platform for players from other states, like Sheldon Jackson, to exhibit their talents, he added.
Former India cricketer and VB Kanchi Veerans team owner V B Chandrasekhar said "these players are fairly experienced and the tournament would give you the quality of a player in a capsule, includes skill level as well as mental standards. It gives them a chance to come back and show what they have."
The other state players picked at the draft: Sheldon Jackson, Salman Nizar (Kerala) - Tuti Patriots; Kedar Devdhar (Baroda), Shaurya Sanandia (Saurashtra) - Chepauk Super Gilles; Dharmendra Jadeja (Saurashtra), Sorab Dhaliwal (MP) - Kovai Kings; Amit Verma (Kar), Raiphy Vincent Gomez (Kerala) - Madurai Panthers; Himmat Singh (Delhi), Lukman Meriwala (Baroda) - Trichy Warriors; Swapnil Singh (Baroda), Sandeep Warrier (Kerala) - Kanchi Warriors; Arpit Vasavada (Saurashtra), G Hanuma Vihari (AP) - Dindigul Dragons; Atit Sheth (Baroda), Unmukt Chand (Delhi) - Karaikudi Kaalai
As Wildfires Approach, 'Everyone's Just Trying To Get Out Of Here' A student in Southern California talks about the spreading wildfires.
Firefighters worked through the night to dampen the fire — with flames still visible, more than 24 hours after the blaze began. Photo: AP
London: Firefighters worked through the night to dampen the massive blaze that engulfed a 24-storey residential tower block in west London killing at least 12 people with claims emerging that warnings about safety had been ignored.
The fire at Grenfell Tower on the Lancaster West Estate in Latimer Road was reported at 1.16am (local time) on Wednesday. About 600 people were believed to have been inside the tower's 120 flats, many of them asleep, when the blaze ripped through the building. Firefighters worked through the night to dampen the fire — with flames still visible, more than 24 hours after the blaze began.
Crews using an aerial platform were going “floor by floor” shining lights into the building, BBC reported. Police confirmed 12 deaths among the 600 residents thought to have lived in the tower but expect that toll to rise significantly as the building is searched. Hospitals treated 74 people, of whom 18 remain in a critical condition. Scotland Yard said the recovery of charred remains would be “long and complex”.
Firefighters said the blaze was unprecedented in its scale and the speed with which it engulfed the tower. Witnesses described flames climbing the 24-storey building within 15 minutes. Trapped parents threw their children from windows in desperate efforts to save them. Others leapt from high floors rather than succumb to the flames. Survivors described having to clamber over charred bodies in corridors and stairways filled with smoke. Some of those who had heeded official advice from the tower block's management to “stay put” and await rescue perished in the fire.
Others defied the advice and made their way down a single, central staircase — the building's only escape route. The fire is thought to have started when a fridge exploded in a kitchen on the fourth floor. Residents of the tower had repeatedly warned local officials that the building was a firetrap and that a “catastrophic event” was inevitable. Survivors said there were no sprinklers in the building. Many were woken by neighbours because no alarms had been activated.
The focus for investigators is external cladding, which appeared to act as an accelerant for the flames that swept up the newly refurbished 1970s tower. There were claims that warnings about safety had been ignored. Government ministers were warned about the fire risk of cladding as far back as 1999, the Daily Telegraph reported.
Metropolitan Police commander Stuart Cundy said Wednesday night that the force do not expect to find any more survivors. Grenfell Tower is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation on behalf of the local council.
When Jack Clarke was 8 years old, doctors told his parents that he'd likely never walk or talk again.
On Sunday, he walked across the Drake Knapp Center stage to accept his diploma during the Valley High School graduation ceremony.
One of those cheering him on was Valley Principal Tim Miller. The principal and the student have been eating lunch together off and on for six years — since their time together at Stilwell Junior High.
"He is just such an amazing young guy and has a great love of life," Miller said last week. "He's got such a positive outlook on everything he does and transfers that joy to others."
Clarke's medical problems arose in elementary school after a shunt used to drain excess fluid from around his brain — he was born with a condition called hydrocephalus — became infected.
"Everything that could go wrong went wrong," said his mother, Melissa Clarke-Wharff.
Clarke had six strokes in two weeks and spent a month in a coma.
The second half of his third-grade year was spent at an inpatient medical facility. He doesn't remember much of that time, but he does remember the physical therapy he had to endure while attending fourth-grade classes part-time.
"It about emotionally about broke me," his mother said. "I got my motivation and strength from Jack. I saw he was working for this as well. I just didn't believe that he wasn't going to be able to walk."
He eventually had 38 leg surgeries to help him regain mobility.
When is been time for Clarke to move to junior high, his family met with Miller, who was principal of Stilwell at the time.
"I saw Tim's commitment to Jack. He said, 'This kid's got it, and we're going to bring it out of him,'" Clarke-Wharff said
That's when Miller and Clarke first began spending their lunch period together.
"Every lunch, he was there," Clarke said. "I didn't really know anybody else besides him. He would mingle with the students. I just found that so cool how he was able to do that."
Miller was transferred to Valley High during Clarke's eighth-grade year. But the friendship and lunches resumed two years later on Clarke's first day at Valley High.
The principal said he sits in the cafeteria each day to be accessible to students. He wasn't in the lunchroom just for Clarke, but Clarke was the bonus, he said.
"All the credit goes to Jack," Miller said. "He has a magnetism about him. Anything that people have done to help him, they've done because of the way he is."
That help — from family, friends, teachers and doctors — went a long way to getting Clarke to Sunday's graduation ceremony.
The Valley graduate is heading to Des Moines Area Community College in Ankeny next fall.
And he's already got some lunch dates planned this summer with Miller, who is retiring at the end of June.
"We'll see each other one way or another," the principal said. "We said we were going out together."
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J. — Jesus Cruz's running floater in the paint with 2.1 seconds left gave Fairfield a 79-78 victory over Monmouth on Friday night.
With 9.1 seconds left and Fairfield inbounding from Monmouth's end, Cruz took a pass just inside halfcourt and drove to the hoop where he split two defenders to put in a soft one-hander. A hurried 3-pointer by Monmouth's Deion Hammond was short at the buzzer.
Cruz finished with 13 points. Tyler Nelson made five 3-pointers and scored 26 points with Ferron Flavors Jr. adding 10 points and Jonathan Kasibabu nine points and nine rebounds for the Stags (9-13, 4-7 Metro Atlantic Athletic Association), who have won two straight with an overtime victory over Iona on Monday.
Zac Tillman scored 18 points, Ray Salnave 16, Austin Tilghman 14 with nine assists and Hammond 10 points for the Hawks (7-15, 3-7).
Idle Pharmaceutical Factories In Puerto Rico Raise Concerns Of Drug Shortages NPR's Robert Siegel talks with reporter Katie Thomas of The New York Times about how Hurricane Maria may cause shortages of essential drugs due to idled factories.
Forty years ago this week, the "King of Rock," Elvis Presley died of heart failure. 80,000 of his fans lined up in front of his Memphis, Tennessee mansion for a chance to view the singer's body and pay their respects. Only 20,000 made it in for the viewing. Thousands more lined the streets for his funeral procession the next day. Elvis was 42.
Also this week, the 75-ton space shuttle Enterprise made an unpowered test landing at Edwards Air Force base in California. Enterprise was lifted to an altitude of 24,100 feet above the Mojave Desert by a 747 carrier plane before detaching for the landing. Astronauts Fred Haise and Gordon Fullerton piloted the test flight. The test landing was a key step towards the return of manned space flight in 1979.
Ten years earlier, some 300 musicians from the Berkshire Music Center and the Boston Symphony Orchestra provided music for nine hours as a benefit for Tanglewood in Lenox. The "Tanglewood-On-Parade" event was held on a Thursday between 2:15 and 9:30 p.m. The gates opened at 2:00 to 300 music fans, and the audience swelled to 5,000 by 7:30. The event was broadcasted live nationwide to an estimated 20 million viewers.
These are some of the headlines you'll see from Page 1 of The Republican and its predecessors over the past fifty years for the week of August 13 - August 19. Each week I'll put together a slideshow of Page 1 images from selected years over the course of that week. We're starting with a look back at one, five, thirty, forty and fifty years ago, with Page 1s from each day of the week for those years.
The slideshow for August 13 - August 19 is embedded at the top of this article.
We'll also find some humor printed out on page one over the years. In 1967 'Dennis The Menace' could be found on the bottom of page one six days a week.
Other newspaper comics from the archive can be found in the Featured Collection photo galleries on MassLive.
Five years ago this week, a story about an open house and tour of the Merriam-Webster company facility in Springfied. About 70 people heard the history of the company, which settled in its current location in 1940 after having a presence in the city since 1831.
Back 1n 1967 the Lunar Orbiter Spacecraft sent back photographs of planet earth from 214,806 miles away.
And last year, "The Wall That Heals" memorial returned to Western Mass. The half-size replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. was set up on the grounds of the Eastern States Exposition in West Springfield.
As you'll find with looking through the slideshow, that while many stories come and go, many of the issues and topics that affected lives in the past, continue to have an impact on our lives today.
Copies of these and other stories can be found in the online archives. The Historic Archive includes stories from 1824 to 1989, and the Newsbank Archive covers 1988 through the present day.
A romantic Hogmanay escape to the Cairngorms becomes a disturbing investigation into a human trafficking ring for dedicated forensic scientist Dr Rhona MacLeod.
But with blizzards closing in, a ruthless enemy to track down and the disappearance of a young girl who could be an important witness for the police, Rhona will have her work cut out.
Follow the Dead – nominated for the McIlvanney Prize for Scottish Crime Book of the Year 2017 – is a gripping page-turner set in a terrifyingly bleak and frozen landscape, and the twelfth book in Lin Anderson's outstanding Rhona MacLeod series… a brilliant blend of intriguing mysteries and fascinating science with two complex, charismatic star players directing the action.
At the heart of Anderson's atmospheric and gritty stories are the doggedly determined Rhona and DS Michael McNab, her maverick Glasgow-based police sidekick, a lovable ladies' man whose simmering, sexually tense relationship with Rhona keeps readers on the edge of their seats.
Here, the dynamic duo join forces to solve a mystery that stretches far from the shores of Scotland to Stavanger, a city surrounded by steep mountains and deep fjords in south-western Norway.
On holiday in the Scottish Highlands with her jazz musician boyfriend Sean Maguire, Dr Rhona MacLeod joins a mountain rescue team on Cairngorm summit as an observer in their helicopter search for four experienced climbers who have disappeared in a blizzard on Ben Macdui.
In an awe-inspiring landscape where the weather ‘might appear to be your friend one moment, only to become your fiercest enemy the next,' it seems unsurprising when three of the young climbers are eventually found dead in their bivouac under the famous Shelter Stone cave.
But there is no sign of the fourth climber, a young woman, and Rhona is not convinced that the deaths were due to the freezing conditions. The mystery increases when a plane crash-lands on frozen Loch A'an with no radar report that it had gone missing.
In Glasgow, meanwhile, DS Michael McNab's raid on the Delta Club produces far more than just a massive haul of cocaine. Questioning Amena Tamar, a 13-year-old Syrian found partying with the city's elite, reveals she was smuggled into Scotland via Norway, and it seems the crashed plane in the Cairngorms may be linked to the club.
But before McNab can discover more, Amena is abducted from her hospital bed. Joined by Stavanger detective Alvis Olsen, who harbours disturbing theories about how the two cases are connected with his Norwegian homeland, Rhona and McNab search for the missing link.
And what they uncover is a dark underworld populated by ruthless people willing to do anything to ensure the investigation dies in the frozen wasteland of the Cairngorms…
Anderson is a master storyteller, filling her novels with engaging characters, clever, compelling, contemporary plotlines and a beautifully descriptive prose that belies the death and darkness of her powerful, pulsating crime mysteries.
Here, the majestic but forbidding backdrop of the wintertime Cairngorms, clothed in deadly ice packs and suffocating snow drifts, brings an added measure of spine-tingling menace to a story packed with revelations, wry humour and unexpected twists and turns.
Perfectly paced and with alternating narratives – including that of the merciless, shadowy killer – Follow the Dead is a true thriller-chiller, and an enthralling read for both seasoned fans and newcomers to the work of this talented author.
(Pan, paperback, £7.99)
People are starving to death - Djokovic puts problems into perspective
"You have people starving to death," said Novak Djokovic as he tried to put his problems into perspective.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 03:54 IST 25 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Serbia's Novak Djokovic.
Novak Djokovic has attempted to put his own on-court problems into perspective by reminding himself that there are people in more desperate situations than him.
The former world number one has slipped to 22nd in the rankings after a tough 12 months, an elbow injury bringing an end to his 2017 following Wimbledon, while it has also impacted his start to this year.
The last of Djokovic's 12 grand slams was won at the French Open two years ago and he is yet to hit his stride in 2018, although he progressed to the French Open third round with a straight-sets win against Jaume Munar.
"I think it's all a personal perspective, how you perceive things in life," said Djokovic.
"It can be really tough and it can be really easy. Everything starts and ends with us in our minds.
These guys have got some wheels
The battle between Munar and Djokovic rages on.#RG18 pic.twitter.com/sdWQYHQvY4 — Roland-Garros (@rolandgarros) May 30, 2018
"To sit here and talk about how tough it is and you have people starving to death, this is, for me, there is no point in talking about that. It's just the way it is.
"As an athlete I have to face these challenges, I will call them, and if I overcome them or not, it's just a matter of work that I have put in, luck at times, and circumstances that I'm in. And that's it.
"I have achieved so much in my life, and I'm very, very grateful for that. That's all I can say.
"I don't like to talk any more about what is tough, what is not tough. I mean, life is great."
Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Have you declared lower income to save tax while filing your income tax returns (ITR) in the past? Well, this year, you should be extremely cautious while filing your returns.
At the beginning of the tax filing season, the income tax (I-T) department has issued a cautionary note to all salaried individuals who are eligible for ITR filing.
The move comes immediately after the tax department issued revised ITR form where you now have to declare the break-up of your salary. Here is what you should know:
Don't inflate your bills or under-report income
I-T department has said that taxpayers should report correct income in their ITR. It stated, “The department has noted with concern the attempt salaried taxpayers make to under-report income or inflate deductions aided and abetted by unscrupulous intermediaries. Such offences are punishable under various penal and prosecution provisions of the Income Tax Act.”
The IT department has also warned that it may prosecute the intermediaries and abettors under relevant sections of the I-T Act and may refer such cases to other law enforcement agencies for appropriate action.
Your chartered accountant will also come under IT scrutiny, in case of any malpractice. Earlier, tax advisories were not under the ambit of this rule. But from this year, advisories and chartered accountants who are party to the malpractice would also face same penalty. In some cases, submission of inflated or fake bills could land you in jail.
How will they catch you?
In case of a high-risk individual, the authorities will examine and verify the details submitted in the ITR. The IT department may ask you to submit proofs if they find discrepancy. “The CPC has mentioned that proofs may be asked for and reviewed even after processing of tax returns, and refunds may be delayed. Taxpayers must exercise extreme caution,” said Archit Gupta, founder and CEO, ClearTax.
What should you do?
There are a number of legitimate ways to save tax. To begin with, if you have invested in public provident fund, equity linked savings scheme, paid insurance premium or tuition fee, you can declare it and save tax on up to Rs1.5 lakh under section 80C of the I-T Act.
Donations for charity are also exempt from tax under section 80G. For these claims, you have to submit original receipts and correctly quote the PAN of the person receiving the funds. Do keep the documents handy so in case your ITR comes under scrutiny, you should be able to produce them.
Also remember as you have to provide a break-up of your salary in ITR1, the tax authorities will now be able to cross-check the details easily. Hence, fill your ITR form carefully too.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One lucky winner could become a millionaire once the Lotto numbers are drawn on tonight.
A whopping £6.3million is up for grabs in tonight's draw and we will be bringing you the numbers as soon as they are drawn.
With that prize money would, could be enjoying holidays of a lifetime, dreams cars and houses and the chance to put your feet up and not have to worry about work.
National Lottery prizes are paid as a lump sum and are tax-free, and players get a choice of six different numbers between 1 and 59.
The Lotto draw will take place tonight at 7.45pm, with ticket sales closing an hour earlier.
With the big jackpot aside, there is also the chance to win big on the Thunderball with a £500,000 prize up for grabs.
We're expecting the Thunderball draw to take place around 8pm.
(Image: Dan Regan)
There is also £350,000 up for grabs in the Lotto Hotpicks game.
The winning numbers will be posted here later this evening. Check back after 8pm and refresh your browser for the most recent post.
Good luck!
With the biggest upset ever in the NCAA tournament, #16 seed UMBC beating #1 UVA, Little Ceaser's is giving away a free lunch combo. They Tweeted out before the weekend, that if a 16 seed beats a one seed, they'd give everyone in the country a free lunch combo. That's a personal deep dish pizza and a bottle of soda. That seemed like a safe bet. And, they lost the bet! But hey, we can get free lunch out of it!
Because "CRAZY HAPPENED" with a #16 beating a #1 (!!!!), everyone in America gets a free #LittleCaesars Lunch Combo on Monday, April 2nd. Congratulations & see our OFFICIAL RULES for more details: https://t.co/vHuy8315ee pic.twitter.com/8KGbskGFxt — Little Caesars (@littlecaesars) March 17, 2018
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones wasn't pleased with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell last season.
Jones felt Goodell betrayed his trust when the league handed Cowboys star running back Ezekiel Elliott a six-game suspension for violating the league's personal conduct policy.
Goodell made the decision to suspend Elliott after a 13-month investigation, and a lengthy legal battle ensued until Elliott accepted the suspension. Jones then tried to block a contract extension for Goodell.
All of that, though, appears to be a distant memory for Jones. Jones made it clear that he is hopeful Goodell receives a positive ovation when he takes the stage to open the 2018 NFL Draft on Thursday night at AT&T Stadium.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“Our crowd is a football crowd,” Jones said. “There's a bigger, there's a football view and there's a Cowboy view so that I'm not so sure you'll see a lot of ... personal preferences or personal opinions about the Commissioner. I would hope — because I appreciate having this draft here in Dallas, this is a neat deal, I think it's very fitting that we got it — and so I hope we give him a very positive reception.”
That might be wishful thinking, of course.
SHARE COPY LINK Jerry Jones says he will stick to his duties of drafting future Dallas Cowboys and not do anything "splashy" to upstage the NFL Draft. Promises no helicopters. Rodger Mallisonrmallison@star-telegram.com
Goodell has been booed by fans often and a significant number of Cowboys fans feel he ruined the 2017 season by suspending Elliott. Most think the Cowboys might've made the playoffs had Elliott played in all 16 games.
But Jones made it clear that Goodell should receive a warm welcome since he signed off on bringing the draft to town.
“I don't know of anybody, maybe other than me, that's had more boos than Roger has. I know about how that works,” Jones said. “I do hope we can be positive in our reception. We are going to do something pretty special and he did have a final say in that.”
NEW YORK — Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than he consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
× Cahokia man charged in Brooklyn death investigation
EDWARDSVILLE, IL (KPLR) – The Madison County State's Attorney's Office charged a 24-year-old Cahokia man in connection with the death of a Madison man earlier this month following a brief police chase.
According to Capt. T. Mike Dixon, deputy commander for the Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis, police in Madison, Illinois found 27-year-old Nicholas Roberts lying in the roadway on Big Bend Road, just east of Illinois Route 203, around 5:15 a.m. on April 9.
Roberts, who was unconscious at the time, showed signs of head trauma and was taken to a St. Louis hospital for treatment, Dixon said. Roberts was declared dead on April 12 but kept on life support until April 14 for organ donation purposes. The Major Case Squad was activated at that time.
Investigators identified a person of interest and took that individual into custody.
On Tuesday, prosecutors charged Terrance Smith with one count of reckless homicide, one count of aggravated fleeing and attempting to elude an office, and one count of driving with a revoked license. Smith was jailed on $200,000 bond.
Over the course of their investigation, detectives determined Roberts and Smith were at a Brooklyn nightclub together in the early morning hours of April 9. The two men left the club at 4:25 a.m. and got into a vehicle that Smith was driving.
A short time after leaving the nightclub, the two men were pulled over for a traffic stop on Canal Street between 8th and Cornell streets. As the Brooklyn police officer got out of his vehicle, Smith sped off. The officer got back into his car and initiated a pursuit, but quickly abandoned the chase out of safety concerns, Dixon said.
Investigators determined Roberts either exited or was extracted from Smith's vehicle shortly after police called off the chase. Roberts was located approximately a mile-and-a-half from the location the police pursuit was terminated.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Two-vehicle crash shuts Chestnut Hill Road | 0:37 A two-vehicle crash has shut the eastbound lanes of East Chestnut Hill Road (Del. 4) near Todd Lane. 11/8/17 John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal 1 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Boxwood Rd. crash injures one | 0:27 One person was hurt when their vehicle hit the back of a school bus near Newport Friday morning. 11/3/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 2 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Head on crash in Wilmington kills one, injures four more | 0:31 A 41-year-old woman died following a car crash over the weekend, Wilmington police said Monday. 10/31/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Raw Video: Crash closes Otts Chapel Rd. | 0:29 A two-vehicle crash closed Otts Chapel Road in Iron Hill for several hours Tuesday morning. 10/24/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Minor injuries in New Castle-area bus crash | 0:21 Delaware State Police are on the scene of a collision involving a school bus at the intersection of Del. 9 and Memorial Drive. 10/12/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 5 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES on Kennett Pike injures three | 0:24 A multi-vehicle crash on Kennett Pike Friday morning injured three people. 9/29/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Car crashes into New Castle-area home | 0:19 A car crashed into a New Castle-area home during the overnight Friday injuring the one person. 9/29/17 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 7 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Crash involving chicken feed truck in Pike Creek kills one | 0:30 A crash early Tuesday in Pike Creek killed one person and shut down Limestone Road during the morning rush hour. 9/26/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 8 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Fatal crash in Wilmington shuts down I-95 for hours | 0:29 I-95 reopened at 11 a.m. Thursday after a fatal crash closed the southbound lanes for the morning rush hour. 9/14/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 9 of 9 Last VideoNext Video Two-vehicle crash shuts Chestnut Hill Road
Boxwood Rd. crash injures one
Head on crash in Wilmington kills one, injures four more
Raw Video: Crash closes Otts Chapel Rd.
Minor injuries in New Castle-area bus crash
Crash on Kennett Pike injures three
Car crashes into New Castle-area home
Crash involving chicken feed truck in Pike Creek kills one
Fatal crash in Wilmington shuts down I-95 for hours
Buy Photo A DART bus stops at Rodney Square on Wednesday evening. (Photo: KARL BAKER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Advocates are hoping for a last-minute change of heart when they meet with the governor this week in a last-ditch effort to block the Delaware Transit Corp. plan of removing more than a dozen bus routes from stopping at Rodney Square.
Proponents of the route changes claim it will reduce downtown congestion, but opponents said that removing bus routes from Rodney Square creates a hardship for disabled passengers and senior citizens, who would be forced to make their way over multiple blocks to reach their bus connections.
"He is hopeful for a Christmas miracle on Rodney Square," said C. Linwood Jackson, president of the Delaware State Conference of NAACP. Jackson requested Friday's meeting with Gov. John Carney in hopes of dissuading him from moving ahead with the plan.
Buy Photo Linwood Jackson, president of the Delaware State Conference NAACP, speaks at a 2016 ceremony. (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Carney is expected to discuss why it was important to reroute buses away from Rodney Square, a spokesman for the governor said.
State officials contend Rodney Square was never intended to serve as a transit hub.
The Delaware Transit Corp. announced last month that it had approved the controversial proposals to reroute popular buses away from the city's central park.
The new service moves routes, such as the 6, 10 and 15, away from the square, which lies in the center of Wilmington's business district. It should also reduce congestion around the square while preserving options for bus riders traveling into the city and throughout New Castle County, state officials said.
This is also an interim step until the new Wilmington Transit Center opens adjacent to the Biden Train Station, a Carney spokesman said. The $20 million transit center is part of $258 million in investments to improve transit and transportation infrastructure across the city.
"Delaware Transit Corporation is still working on addressing the petition, and we are continuing to implement our service change scheduled as approved," said Sharon Williams, a DART spokeswoman.
The service changes are scheduled to take place on Sunday.
More: Riders fight to keep buses at Wilmington's Rodney Square
More: Controversial DART service changes approved, to be implemented in December
Some transit riders have complained that the new service would make riding the bus less convenient as stops would be farther from destinations.
Hoping state officials would stop the plan from moving forward, the Coalition to Keep Bus Service on Rodney Square formed and began a petition that would be presented to Carney. There is also a letter that has been sent to Jennifer Cohan, Delaware's transportation secretary.
More than 1,300 people have signed the petitions and about 80, including elected officials, signed the letter, according to John D. Flaherty, a member of the coalition and a frequent DART rider.
Buy Photo John Flaherty (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
"If you can get on a bus, but you can't get off where you want to get off it's going to be very difficult for people, particularly the elderly," Flaherty said. "I'm 67, but I got rheumatoid arthritis now and I have a hard time getting around. I have to use a cane.
"I just dread the thought of running after a bus and tripping and falling down."
In addition to the NAACP's endorsement of the coalition's efforts, the Delaware State AFL-CIO has voiced opposition.
In a statement issued Wednesday and signed by state AFL-CIO President James Maravelias, the trade union said it opposed the change for a variety of reasons, including creating confusion as passengers are forced to travel through the city in search of connecting bus routes.
"These proposed route changes will result in passengers missing buses at substandard bus stops, the majority without bus shelters," the statement said. "The action of DART is a discriminatory attempt to restrict bus passenger access to Rodney Square and is a violation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964."
Title VI prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin in any program or activity that receives Federal funds or other Federal financial assistance.
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/rodney-square-bus-route-foes-seek-last-minute-reprieve/932228001/
WWE News: Latest poll shows just how unpopular Roman Reigns is with WWE fans
Roman Reigns wins the worst wrestler of the year award.
by Prityush Haldar News 02 Jan 2017, 10:26 IST
Roman Reigns still can't get on the good side of fans
What's the story?
In a recent poll conducted by NoDQ.com, WWE Superstar and current United States Champion, Roman Reigns, was crowned the Worst Wrestler of the Year. A large section of the WWE Universe voted for Reigns as the worst superstar, and he won garnering 31% of the votes followed by Eva Marie in a close second position with 27% votes.
Reigns also emerged as the winner in the Most Overutilized Star of the Year. category. Roman's misery does not end here. His WrestleMania match with Triple H was awarded as the Worst Match of the Year gaining 32% of the total votes.
In case you didn't know...
NoDQ.com hosted the end of the year poll on their website. Thousands of fans participated in the poll which marked the 17th time the website conducted the polls.
The heart of the matter
Roman received 1229 votes out of a total 4019 votes narrowly beating Eva Marie who had 1094 votes
Many critics have targeted the website after the polls terming it as unprofessional and biased. However, the fans were the main reason behind selecting the winners, and the site is using the votes to reflect the current sentiments of the WWE Universe.
Congrats on running a wrestling site and having a readership entirely made up of people who didn't watch any wrestling in 2016 https://t.co/8YrrWXaJHB — JR Goldberg (@wrestlingbubble) December 31, 2016
Congrats to @nodqdotcom for winning the Worst Twitter, Worst People, The Worst Content, & Most Dumb Tweets awards! https://t.co/Qgoq5a3ZaR — PIMP OF CHARI$MA (@Christian4Peepz) December 31, 2016
Current WWE champion, AJ Styles took away top laurels with Superstar of the Year, Breakout Star of the Year, Best Finisher of the Year, Feud of the Year and Headline of the Year.
What's next?
Roman Reigns will definitely take these polls in his stride as he walks into the Royal Rumble looking to lay claim to the WWE Universal Championship against Kevin Owens. Roman has been the poster boy for the WWE for the most part of 2016 and it is certain that Vince McMahon will keep Roman as the centerpiece of the WWE for the foreseeable future.
Sportskeeda's take
Roman Reigns' career has become a point of debate among fans. Many believe that a heel turn is necessary for The Big Dog, while other think that a reunion with his Shield buddies can turn his fortunes. However, the WWE Universe has been very critical of Roman's performance this year, more so, as the WWE creative shoved him down the throats of fans. The results of these polls only reflect the fact that Roman is still not liked by a majority of the adult fans and needs a drastic change to make things work in his favor.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Source: Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from company pending investigation into sex harassment claims.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Miami Dolphins Tackle Eric Smith, alumni Troy Drayton and Nat Moore, Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders Adrianna, Agustina, Ally, Amina, Brittany, Jamie, Jennifer, Katie, Rachel, Tamara and Terra, mascot T.D., Ocean Studies Charter School and 200 community volunteers joined KaBOOM! to transform an empty site into a kid-designed, state-of-the-art playground at Ocean Studies Charter School.
Ocean Studies Charter School was without a playground as the previous playground was removed due to safety concerns. Not only did Hurricane Irma halt the school's efforts to raise money for a new playground, it also closed playgrounds across the Keys.
In February, kids from Ocean Studies Charter School came together to draw their dream playground. The playground is based off their drawings and together with Ocean Studies Charter School, the Miami Dolphins and KaBOOM! more than 100 kids will have a safe space to stay active.
“We are so thrilled to have this amazing opportunity. Play is so vital to children's development and our children love to play,” Ocean Studies Principal Abbie Freeman said. “The Miami Dolphins and KaBOOM! have built their dream and we are so grateful.”
This is a continuation of the Miami Dolphins hurricane relief efforts following the devastation of Hurricane Irma. The Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders photographed their Annual throughout the Florida Keys and Miami, and proceeds from the 100-page book filled with beautiful and iconic images benefit rebuilding efforts in the Keys and all affected areas from Hurricane Irma through the Miami Dolphins Foundation.
“In the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, our Owner Stephen Ross and the Dolphins organization pledged $1 million dollars for relief recovery and rebuild — we were going to be there for the long-term rebuild in communities. And this project 7 months later is a part of that commitment,” Miami Dolphins Foundation Executive Director Jennifer Jehn said. “The Miami Dolphins Foundation is dedicated to honoring our proud winning tradition by being off the field community champions. We want our community to know that it can count on the Dolphins to be there, especially in times of need.”
This playground is one of several to be built in 2018 across the state of Florida serving Irma impacted communities. It will be the second build led by the Miami Dolphins.
Ocean Studies Charter School is a tuition free public charter school located in Tavernier, FL. As an A+ Rated School of Excellence, it offers students (K-5) an experiential learning environment with a marine science focus. To learn more, visit www.OceanStudiesCharterSchool.org.
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall
Preventing people from using vehicles as deadly weapons is a difficult task for law enforcement officials, experts say.
Cars, trucks and vans have been used to ram people more than a dozen times around the world in recent years, often with deadly results similar to those in northern Toronto on Monday.
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Monday night what happened does not appear to be connected to national security, but he called the incident a “horrific attack.”
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall, an adjunct professor with the terrorism, risk and security studies program at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, B.C.
She says there have been at least three incidents in Germany in recent years where people have driven cars into groups or buildings, but did not have any connection with Islamic State militants or other terrorist organizations.
Regardless of the motive, it's tough to stop someone from using a vehicle to kill, Kelshall says.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
“You can't stop people driving cars or walking on streets,” she says. “It's a difficult to thing to police.”
Vehicles are a popular weapon because they're accessible, says Alex Wilner, an assistant professor with Carleton University's Norman Paterson school of international affairs in Ottawa.
“It's deadly, it's easy and it's cheap. So, if you put the math together, it doesn't take a lot to kill people,” he says.
Cities are increasingly looking for ways to place barriers between vehicles and pedestrians, Wilner says.
In some places, garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets, he adds.
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night, with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game.
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences. What a registry or database would look like is unclear, he adds.
Mubin Shaikh, an expert on counterterrorism, says he thinks a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact.
If there are restrictions on rentals, people can still borrow or steal vehicles, he notes.
“A criminal will try to take whatever they can, however they can,” he says.
“Will it deter the determined attacker? Probably not.”
Shaikh, who is from Toronto, said he heard about Monday's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where he was scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles.
“Unfortunately, this is the reality in which we live nowadays,” he said, adding that he's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that he could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb.
“At the end of the day, it's impossible (to prevent). We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time. That's normal city life.”
Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The majority of UK consumers find the advertising of broadband speeds to be misleading, according to new research.
80 per cent - four in five - of 2,000 consumers interviewed said the way broadband speeds are advertised was misleading
58 per cent believed the claims made to be 'very misleading' while 22 per cent said they were 'somewhat misleading'.
The survey, by Ofcom-accredited broadband comparison site cable.co.uk, revealed that consumers believe at least two thirds (66 per cent) of consumers should be able to receive the top speed in order for it to be legitimately used in advertising.
However, current guidelines permit broadband providers to advertise 'up to' speeds that are achievable by only 10 per cent of customers.
It was those aged over 45 who were most likely to consider broadband advertising misleading, with 65 per cent stating they find the current system 'very misleading' and 20 per cent 'somewhat misleading'.
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) has called for a change to the way broadband speeds are advertised to ensure consumers are not misled, and the Committees of Advertising Practice (CAP) is currently reviewing its guidance to advertisers on broadband speed claims. CAP is due to publish a report later this year.
Dan Howdle, consumer telecoms expert at Cable.co.uk, said: "Broadband remains the only service you can buy without knowing what it is you're actually going to get.
"Currently, you have to find yourself in the bottom 10% speed-wise in order to exit a 12 or 18-month contract without paying substantial cancellation fees. It's a shocking state of affairs that the ASA is quite rightly looking into carefully.”
New York: After an 11-hour-long battle, Somalian security forces have finally ended the siege at a Mogadishu restaurant early Thursday. The seige, however, resulted in the loss of 19 civilian lives.
The Voice of America (VOA) quoted the commander of the police in Hodan district, Major Abdifatah Bashir Ali, as saying that Somali special security forces launched a major operation just before 6 a.m. local time and were able to overpower the militants who were holed up in the restaurant.
According to the report, five special forces members also died during a fierce gun battle with the al-Shabab militants in the restaurant.Mogadishu ambulance services said they evacuated 26 people wounded in the attack.
The attack started Wednesday evening with an explosion from a car bomb that detonated outside two restaurants, Pizza House and Posh Treats, causing massive damage.
Witnesses said the gunmen entered Posh Treats and proceeding to Pizza House where they put up a fierce resistance against the security forces who were trying to end the siege.
The al-Shabab militant group claiming responsibility for the attack, said on its website, that they have been targeting restaurants "because there are women (inside) who sell their bodies for money.
"There has been no independent confirmation on their accusation.
An artist's rendering of the revamped Abram Street in downtown Arlington. The project is scheduled to begin in February. Handout
On July 9, 1858, Illinois Senator Stephen Douglas gave a campaign speech to a raucous throng from the balcony of the Tremont Hotel in Chicago. Abraham Lincoln was in the audience as Douglas prepared to speak. Douglas graciously invited Lincoln to join him on the balcony to listen to the speech.
In his speech Douglas sounded the themes of the momentous campaign that Lincoln and Douglas waged that summer and fall for Douglas's Senate seat. Douglas paid tribute to Lincoln as a “kind, amiable, and intelligent gentleman, a good citizen and an honorable opponent,” but took issue with Lincoln's June 16 speech to the Illinois Republican convention that had named him its candidate for Douglas's seat. In that speech Lincoln had famously asserted that the nation could not exist “half slave and half free.” According to Douglas, Lincoln's assertion belied the “diversity” in domestic institutions that was “the great safeguard of our liberties.” Then as now, “diversity” was a shibboleth hiding an evil institution that could not be defended on its own terms.
Douglas responded to Lincoln's condemnation of the Supreme Court's Dred Scott decision — a condemnation that was the centerpiece of Lincoln's convention speech. “I am free to say to you,” Douglas said, “that in my opinion this government of ours is founded on the white basis. It was made by the white man, for the benefit of the white man, to be administered by white men, in such manner as they should determine.”
Lincoln invited Douglas's audience to return the next evening for his reply to Douglas's speech. Lincoln's speech of July 10, 1858, is one of his many great speeches, but in one respect it is uniquely great. It concludes with an explanation of the meaning of this day to Americans with incomparable eloquence and insight in words that remain as relevant now as then (I have added some paragraphing in the interest of readability):
Now, it happens that we meet together once every year, sometime about the 4th of July, for some reason or other. These 4th of July gatherings I suppose have their uses. If you indulge me, I will state what I suppose to be some of them.
We are now a mighty nation, we are thirty—or about thirty million people, and we own and inhabit about one-fifteenth part of the dry land of the whole earth. We run our memory back over the pages of history for about eighty-two years and we discover that we were then a very small people in point of numbers, vastly inferior to what we are now, with a vastly less extent of country,—with vastly less of everything we deem desirable among men,—we look upon the change as exceedingly advantageous to us and to our posterity, and we fix upon something that happened away back, as in some way or other being connected with this rise of prosperity. We find a race of men living in that day whom we claim as our fathers and grandfathers; they were iron men, they fought for the principle that they were contending for; and we understood that by what they then did it has followed that the degree of prosperity that we now enjoy has come to us.
We hold this annual celebration to remind ourselves of all the good done in this process of time of how it was done and who did it, and how we are historically connected with it; and we go from these meetings in better humor with ourselves—we feel more attached the one to the other, and more firmly bound to the country we inhabit. In every way we are better men in the age, and race, and country in which we live for these celebrations.
But after we have done all this we have not yet reached the whole. There is something else connected with it. We have besides these men—descended by blood from our ancestors—among us perhaps half our people who are not descendants at all of these men, they are men who have come from Europe—German, Irish, French and Scandinavian—men that have come from Europe themselves, or whose ancestors have come hither and settled here, finding themselves our equals in all things. If they look back through this history to trace their connection with those days by blood, they find they have none, they cannot carry themselves back into that glorious epoch and make themselves feel that they are part of us, but when they look through that old Declaration of Independence they find that those old men say that “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal,” and then they feel that that moral sentiment taught in that day evidences their relation to those men, that it is the father of all moral principle in them, and that they have a right to claim it as though they were blood of the blood, and flesh of the flesh of the men who wrote that Declaration [loud and long continued applause], and so they are. That is the electric cord in that Declaration that links the hearts of patriotic and liberty-loving men together, that will link those patriotic hearts as long as the love of freedom exists in the minds of men throughout the world. [Applause.]
Now, sirs, for the purpose of squaring things with this idea of “don't care if slavery is voted up or voted down” [Douglas's “popular sovereignty” position on the extension of slavery to the territories], for sustaining the Dred Scott decision [A voice—“Hit him again”], for holding that the Declaration of Independence did not mean anything at all, we have Judge Douglas giving his exposition of what the Declaration of Independence means, and we have him saying that the people of America are equal to the people of England. According to his construction, you Germans are not connected with it. Now I ask you in all soberness, if all these things, if indulged in, if ratified, if confirmed and endorsed, if taught to our children, and repeated to them, do not tend to rub out the sentiment of liberty in the country, and to transform this Government into a government of some other form.
Those arguments that are made, that the inferior race are to be treated with as much allowance as they are capable of enjoying; that as much is to be done for them as their condition will allow. What are these arguments? They are the arguments that kings have made for enslaving the people in all ages of the world. You will find that all the arguments in favor of king-craft were of this class; they always bestrode the necks of the people, not that they wanted to do it, but because the people were better off for being ridden.
That is their argument, and this argument of the Judge is the same old serpent that says you work and I eat, you toil and I will enjoy the fruits of it. Turn in whatever way you will—whether it come from the mouth of a King, an excuse for enslaving the people of his country, or from the mouth of men of one race as a reason for enslaving the men of another race, it is all the same old serpent, and I hold if that course of argumentation that is made for the purpose of convincing the public mind that we should not care about this, should be granted, it does not stop with the negro. I should like to know if taking this old Declaration of Independence, which declares that all men are equal upon principle and making exceptions to it where will it stop. If one man says it does not mean a negro, why not another say it does not mean some other man? If that declaration is not the truth, let us get the Statute book, in which we find it and tear it out! Who is so bold as to do it! [Voices—“me” “no one,” &c.] If it is not true let us tear it out! [cries of “no, no,”] let us stick to it then [cheers], let us stand firmly by it then. [Applause.]
When I played Little League softball, our team jerseys, an itchy-but-easily-washed polyester, were a bright primary yellow. Our patron was a local McDonald's franchise that rewarded wins with a free hamburger and small soft drink — a semicovert marketing strategy we happily embraced. In the second year, when our pitcher's accuracy improved dramatically, we had a winning record. That summer, we ate a lot of hamburgers. We'd ride in groups of twos or threes across town to the appointed McDonald's, piling into minivans or, with any luck, Jenny's mom's convertible. We'd slurp Dr. Peppers and devour our just-big-enough burgers. McDonald's was my introduction to onion, minced and reconstituted from its freeze-dried form, and the smallest dab of yellow mustard, its sharpness masked by the sweet-and-tangy ketchup, the perfect-but-always-too-small pickle. After our meal we'd play outside, shaking the Hamburglar jail and squeezing down the too-narrow twisty slides. Our childhoods were waning, but in those long summer evenings, we held on.
In college, Wendy's was the fast-food restaurant of choice, given its two-minute proximity to my dorm. It was a step up from McDonald's: thick milkshakes that required a spoon, spicy chicken sandwiches, baked potatoes topped with cheese sauce and broccoli. Taco Bell was strictly drinking food — grease and sugar to forestall or recoup from a hangover. And then I started to grow up and work in restaurants, and good food abounded: ravioli rolled into thin sheets, filled and pressed each morning; olive tapenade and garlic-laden cream cheese, served with flatbread grilled over fire; paper-thin beef carpaccio, marinated with lemon and capers, garnished with shaved Parmesan. Working in restaurants provided me with both an education about good food and the opportunity to eat it often. For years after I left the industry, I shunned fast food.
Then I had a son. At 8 months of age, he pulled himself into a standing position and immediately began to cruise the furniture. He was a whirlwind of activity, energy begging to be released. As he grew into a preschooler, expending physical activity was our daily priority. In summers, we'd rotate trips to the park with visits to the zoo and wildlife sanctuary. When it rained, we'd hit Themuseum, but that was a pricey, once- or twice-a-month treat. In my search for indoor alternatives, I discovered an oldie but a goody: McDonald's PlayPlace.
Despite his border-collie-level energy, my son had little interest in food. He nursed past his second birthday. His main "solid" foods were puréed fruit and veggie pouches and PB & J sandwiches on raisin bread. He ate with his hands until age 4, having no motivation to learn to use cutlery — or to try new foods that required it. Luckily, french fries with ketchup were among his favourite foods. So at McDonald's, I ordered him a Happy Meal, deep-fryer guilt assuaged by the inclusion of a few peeled apple slices. I instructed the boy to eat a single chicken nugget before he could see his toy or play on the indoor jungle gym, a labyrinth of foam mats and plastic tubes. Apparently, this suspense was an excellent motivator to get my son — who otherwise refused to eat meat — to try a McNugget. And, it turns out, he liked them.
And so I found myself living a flurry of contradictions. On rainy days, I brought my son to McDonald's, a fast-food restaurant, for exercise and protein. I ordered a salad — the greens included kale! — topped with a piece of glorious, crispy battered chicken. Never mind how that chicken was raised or slaughtered or what the fast-food workers were paid — sorry, Michael Pollan — my son was eating the meat! He was voluntarily ingesting much-needed protein into his string-bean body. And I was drinking a soda, because I was sleep-deprived with baby No. 2 and desperately needed caffeine, but anyway, it was diet. I couldn't handle the spike to my blood sugar. The baby was hungry, too, so as my older son jumped and climbed and shrieked with delight, deeply entrenched in the pleasures of childhood, I unhooked my bra in McDonald's PlayPlace to feed my new baby the original fast food.
Federal Trial Begins For Leaders Accused Of Occupying Wildlife Refuge
Federal prosecutors in Oregon are getting a second chance to prove the armed occupation of a wildlife refuge was illegal. Jury selection is underway in Portland.
A new survey has found that three quarters of all small to medium sized businesses are not prepared for data protection changes that come into effect in 2018.
While the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a European Union directive, British golf clubs will still need to comply with it from May 2018 until at least March 2019, when the UK leaves the EU.
According to research from Close Brothers, three quarters of small and medium-sized enterprises have yet to start preparing for the new regulation, which includes provisions for the EU to levy fines on golf clubs found guilty of a compliance failure.
Perhaps more worryingly, about two thirds of golf clubs are not even aware of the GDPR's implications, even though most golf clubs operate databases.
“The GDPR regime includes requirements for new processes such as the employment of data controllers, privacy impact assessments and greater choice for customers, including the right to be forgotten – businesses will also be required to disclose all data breaches to regulators,” said David Thomson of Close Brothers. “Some of the rules sound deceptively simple, but many firms will struggle to cope because they don't even have a clear idea of what data they currently hold on customers, or where and how it is stored.”
The survey does include some positive findings – for example, 73 per cent of small and medium-sized enterprises say they don't share customer data with third parties – many businesses simply do not know whether they would be compliant with the new law.
“All organisations must take the GDPR seriously and SMEs are no exception,” added David Thomson. “Making an investment now in order to prepare and protect your business is essential if you do not want to risk incurring significant financial penalties – or the major reputational damage that a public breach of the new regulation would undoubtedly cause.”
For more information about how what golf clubs need to do to prepare for the GDPR, please visit
http://www.thegolfbusiness.co.uk/2017/09/data-protection-legislation-is-changing-this-is-how-it-will-affect-you/
Registration for North Sea Regatta Week 2017 is open!
The Hague's annual sailing festival - North Sea Regatta Week Sander van der Borch © The Hague's annual sailing festival - North Sea Regatta Week Sander van der Borch © http://www.sandervanderborch.com
by North Sea Regatta today at 11:55 amThere are no races scheduled on With Monday this year. Yes, we are breaking a few traditions this year, but we're also restoring a good one. We'll tell you all about it in this press release.Registration for the Vuurschepenrace and the North Sea Regatta inshore races is made easy with Manage2Sail as our new race management system this year. Manage2Sail supports entry, registration and scoring. Registration for the RORC North Sea Regatta remains through the RORC specific system.
Welcoming happy cruisers, open keelboats and classics!
In 2017 it is also possible to compete in the Competition Cruising Class. You don't have to get up early, you don't need to spend long days on the water as we will only schedule one race a day, but you can join the fun! Results will be on SW rating, which means you don't have to have an official rating certificate either. You can even charter a boat with friends, for example at Waterland Yacht Charter from Monnickendam to join the fun! Please feel welcome to contact us if you have any questions at wedstrijdleiding@nsr.nl.
In addition to the IRC, ORC and ORC TwoHanded, J111 and SB20 racing classes, there is also room for Open keelboats and dinghies and Classic Yachts.
Helly Hansen is back!
In a year of breaking traditions we also restore one: Helly Hansen, a leader in technical sailing and performance ski apparel, is back! Helly Hansen's outerwear, base layers, sportswear and footwear are sold in more than 40 countries and trusted by outdoor professionals and passionate sailors around the world. The past few years the design and technical department at Helly Hansen have gone through a huge development process.
Helly Hansen is really proud to be partnered of the North Sea Regatta again which gives them the opportunity to show the sailing world in Holland what they have to offer.
Frans Sluyters is excited too: “I'm very happy with Helly Hansen back on board. We can reward our volunteers with a new collectors item and make sure our people on the water stay warm when they're outside all day. During the regatta sailors and spectators can visit the Helly Hansen shop at the venue and get their own North Sea Regatta collectors items. We're feeling proud, alive and full of energy to get this thing started!”
To register for Vuurschepen Race go here
To register for RORC North Sea Race go here
To register for North Sea Regatta inshore races go here
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151777
Test Boost Elite constructing muscle does now not manifest in a blink of a watch however there are some key hints to the top manner to assemble muscle. building muscle directly method you want to have a plan of attack. with out a plan you are simply toying together with your body that can really create a few harmful results upon it. in case you do now not recognise how to create a great weight lifting plan, talk to a private teacher who let you with a simple weightlifting application for beginners.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
The Thistle & Shamrock: New For Summer
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Tune into the great new sounds that are kicking off this year's music-festival season on both sides of the Atlantic. In this show, you'll hear new music from Beoga, Galen Fraser, Moya Brennan and more.
“Verizon Communications Inc.'s wireless subscriber rolls surged last quarter, but it was thanks to smartwatches and other wearables — not the phones and tablets that were once its mainstay,” Scott Moritz reports for Bloomberg. “Monthly subscribers climbed by 260,000 in the first quarter, the carrier said on Tuesday, marking its fourth straight period of growth.”
“The results renewed optimism that the largest U.S. mobile-phone carrier can cope with a maturing industry,” Moritz reports. “Even as the company lost phone and tablet subscribers, new customers using mobile service for Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. watches, vehicles and other applications offset the shortfall.”
MacDailyNews Take: Yeah, for Samsung watched. All three of them. 3 million Apple Watches and 3 Samsung watches. Equal in the eyes of silly, vapid reporters who equate things that are not equal in the interest of “fairness.”
“The latest wearable devices, such as the Apple Watch Series 3, have their own network connections. That means they don't need to link up with smartphones to communicate and — good news for carriers — require a separate wireless subscription,” Moritz reports. “Verizon added about 359,000 subscribers last quarter who are using watches, wearables and other devices. That helped make up for the loss of 24,000 phone customers and 75,000 tablet customers in the period. But watch customers pay $10 a month, compared with the $40 or more that phone customers typically shell out.”
Read more in the full article here.
WWE News: SmackDown creative head Road Dogg bashes fans on Twitter
The current head of Smackdown's creative team went on a Twitter rant and shut down multiple trolls.
by Rohit Relan News 15 Jun 2017, 10:59 IST
“Road Dogg” Jessie James is the man in charge of Smackdown Live's creative department
What's the story?
On the recent episode of Smackdown LIVE, the team of Shinsuke Nakamura, AJ Styles and Sami Zayn faced Kevin Owens, Dolph Ziggler and Baron Corbin in a 6-man tag team match in the main event.
Before the match, a commercial break during Nakamura's entrance prevented fans at home from witnessing the whole entrance. One of the fans brought this to Jessie James on Twitter with a sarcastic remark.
James didn't hold back and gave the troll a dose of his own medicine by reminding him that they are running a show that includes commercial breaks. He also addressed other fans who were whining about different aspects of the show and claimed that everyone feels that they can do a better job but in reality, it is a completely different ball game on the other side of the desk.
In case you didn't know...
”Road Dogg” Jessie James is a former professional wrestler who is a multiple time Tag Team Champion and a former member of the renowned faction D-Generation X. He returned to WWE in 2011 and has remained with the company since then.
James is now a producer at WWE and also heads the creative team of smackdowns LIVE.
The heart of the matter
A Twitter user tried to troll one-half of the New Age Outlaws by stating that Smackdown cutting to commercial breaks during Nakamura's entrance was a poor decision. Road Dogg didn't hold back and replied that he and his team are running a television show and commercials are a part of it.
Thanks. We run a television show, they have commercials. See how sarcasm sounds?! — Brian G. James (@WWERoadDogg) June 14, 2017
When another user tried to point that the show has the control over their segment lengths, James chose not to tolerate any more negativity and blocked him straightaway.
Yes we do, I get your sarcasm and I'll see you a #blocked for just being negative — Brian G. James (@WWERoadDogg) June 14, 2017
Not only this, James also gave back to the trolls of who made little to no sense. The following is a selection of tweets from James' recent Twitter rant:
Ok. Should Sami have a band entrance? New Day opened the show, so it seemed fitting to make it as big as possible. — Brian G. James (@WWERoadDogg) June 14, 2017
What would it be for? Just a ladder match to have a ladder match? I like the match and the participants but it takes away from the others — Brian G. James (@WWERoadDogg) June 14, 2017
Everyone thinks they can do better on here. That's twitter quarterbacking! I'm guilty of it too. — Brian G. James (@WWERoadDogg) June 14, 2017
What's next?
Road Dogg shut down a number of disapproving fans and gave them a solid reason to think twice before criticising SmackDown on social media again.
Author's take
It is praiseworthy that Road Dogg is taking out time to respond to the fans on social media as it highlights how passionate he is about his work. Some of the suggestions/remarks about the Tuesday night show were quite preposterous and received a deserved bashing from the head of creative himself.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
While penning her upcoming memoir, You're on an Airplane, Parker Posey didn't think twice about her wardrobe. “Writing is like acting, except you're entertaining yourself and you don't have to get dressed up,” she says. Naturally, the star of Netflix's Lost in Space would opt for more dramatic attire to host her dream book club. “If we turned it into a costume party, I think people would be really excited to show up."
Courtesy Penguin Random House
Here, she gets candid about what her ideal book club entails, from comfy floor pillows to snacks from her local N.Y.C. hotspots.
For more stories like this, pick up InStyle's June issue, on newsstands and available for digital download now.
When you look at the story of Mass Effect: Andromeda and its protagonist Ryder there's something vaguely allegorical about it.
The game follows the Andromeda Initiative, a group of intrepid explorers who leave the familiarity of the Milky Way galaxy and travel for more than 600 years to find a new home and hope for their people in the Heleus Cluster. When the explorers get there, things don't quite work out as planned: there are unexpected enemies out for their blood, entire arks of explorers are missing, and the golden worlds they'd identified to settle on before leaving the Milky Way aren't quite as habitable as they thought.
Your character, Ryder, takes up the mammoth task of Pathfinder, a person tasked with finding planets with the potential for habitation and making that a reality. This is a role with a lot of responsibility at the best of times but when everything is going wrong, expectations and demands weigh even heavier.
The best laid plans...
You probably get where we're going with this. Ambitious plans with lots of variables that carry the expectations of lots of people are very rarely executed perfectly. It's what happens with the Andromeda Initiative and it's what's happened to Mass Effect: Andromeda itself.
The residents of the Milky Way galaxy looked at Andromeda, plotted their path and settled on their final destinations but in the 600 years it took them to get there things changed. You almost get the sense that BioWare surveyed the landscape following the the launch of Mass Effect 3, plotted a course of action and didn't really account for how much the RPG landscape would change in the long period of development.
As a case in point, the first few hours of Mass Effect: Andromeda are something of a slog.
The game world is huge, bigger than anything we've seen from Mass Effect before, and it's beautiful too. The planets you're able to explore are diverse and interesting and it's honestly not possible to traverse them in their entirety without using your vehicle, the Nomad. They're also densely populated with quests and tasks. It really feels like almost every person and item you interact with presents you with something else to do.
This is a strength and weakness for the game. On the one hand it makes Mass Effect: Andromeda a game which truly gives you a choice in how you want to play. Every time you pick up the controller you can do something different and even after finishing the main quest we've still got a lot more things to do. If you're looking for good value when it comes to hours of play, you're going to find it here.
It's not the size it's what you do with it
While the scale is positive, it ends up making the game so big it completely loses its pace, leaving its player without a sense of purpose. Mass Effect games really need good pacing and a tightly woven narrative if they want to get players through the main quest and keep them invested in steadily progressing character relationships.
In Andromeda we often found ourselves straying so far from our initial path that it was hard to get back on track. Very quickly you'll find yourself with so many possible threads to pull that it's hard to prioritize. Even though every area you visit has a purpose, it's hard to know exactly what this is and the amount of choice ends up feeling more overwhelming than freeing.
So often we found ourselves slogging through parts of the game to find the good bits. There really are good bits, too, it's just unfortunate that the paths between them are as long as the transition animation that's forced upon you when you travel between planets.
It's exhausting and you really don't feel capable of being a great Pathfinder when you can't even plot your way through your own journey.
To make the most of the game at first you have to put your blinkers on, get deep into the main story and try to avoid becoming overburdened by side quests. It seems a shame that to really enjoy Mass Effect: Andromeda you have to repress the exploratory spirit it encourages.
It's also annoying because it's by exploring the game's computer terminals and email systems that you'll find some of its best writing. It's where you'll find some of the best and most believable character interaction as well as nice touches of lore and world building.
Overburdened and bloated
You sometimes get the sense that, like a child with access to boxes of chocolates before Christmas dinner, BioWare has filled up on empty side quest content and didn't leave enough room to tell its main story. For example, in the first hour or so of the game you're taken through the emotional wringer and given the role of Pathfinder, a title which brings you a great deal of respect. Frustratingly, you won't really understand what's so damn special about being a Pathfinder until you delve into the game's codex and read the definition of what it is.
This wouldn't be so bad if going into the game's menus weren't such an exercise in frustration. Mass Effect: Andromeda's UI is overburdened and difficult to navigate. Here, BioWare may have had a chance to make the number of quests available less overwhelming but instead it just made them even harder to track.
As an example, at one point one of our crewmates Liam asked us to do something for him - and we decided to prioritize this task for now, thinking it should be as simple as going into a quest list and selecting that specific quest.
Unfortunately it wasn't quite that simple, because this part of the menu is subcategory city. Is his task in the relationship section? Maybe it's an additional quest. Or is it a location-specific Tempest quest? No matter how much we accessed this menu, we always found the quest we were looking for in the last place we looked along with the final fraying strands of our patience.
This is a small part of a much larger problem Mass Effect: Andromeda has – it's just too much. Aside from keeping track of your quests, it also asks you to scan almost everything in sight, keep track of three kinds of research points to craft weapons and armour, skill points, planet viability points, your experience level, your character profile and finally manage an inventory that fills up quickly with the vast amount of raw materials you need for crafting.
Crafting in particular has a fairly steep learning curve that doesn't feel especially rewarding. Thankfully we found you really don't need to worry too much about the system to find good weapons and armour – they're littered already fully crafted around the game world.
It really feels like BioWare has put a lot of time into developing a deep crafting system but it ended up being one of the first things we dropped just to stop ourselves feeling like we were drowning in numbers.
Controlled combat
Fortunately, Mass Effect: Andromeda does strip things back in other areas, namely combat. In the past you had to keep track of your squadmates on the battlefield, strategically direct them and make sure you're leveling them up but this is no longer necessary in Andromeda.
Instead, your squadmates act of their own accord which is pleasant in the sense that you don't have to think twice about them but annoying in the sense that their AI seems to be programmed to ‘sugar high'.
Stripping back this squad-management will definitely disappoint those that enjoyed it from previous Mass Effect games, but Andromeda benefits from it as it allows it to ditch the restrictive class system and give the player greater control over their own combat style with changeable profiles.
Combat is also made more light and less tactical by the addition of the jet pack and intuitive cover system. It brings verticality to combat by allowing you to take the higher ground and makes Ryder's movements on the battlefield feel much more fluid. Flitting from wall-to-wall while stringing together power combos and gunfire is, admittedly, slightly mindless but also enjoyable.
It's not all fighting and exploring. As you'd expect, Mass Effect has a lot of relationship building and it's in the quiet and personal moments of one-on-one conversations that the Mass Effect series usually shines.
In Andromeda, the dialogue system has changed from the simple Paragon and Renegade options to a multiple choice dialogue wheel where choices are based on the tone you want to convey.
It's no longer a case of ‘good' or ‘bad' and though this makes conversations more difficult to navigate it also makes the characters you're interacting with feel more complex and less open to manipulation. With this system it's going to be hard to get everyone to like you but that's enjoyably true-to-life.
Real relationships
It also underlines more effectively the moral complexity of the Andromeda mission which is fortunately explored the further you get into the game.
The more you get into the game and the more characters develop, the more you'll appreciate this new dialogue wheel. It's a slow burning feature that does come into its own and encourages investment in character relationships.
It makes it possible for you to feel like you're developing platonic friendships as well as laying the groundwork for romance. More than any other Mass Effect game, this new dialogue system creates a sense that there's more than one kind of ‘love' and feelings aren't binary.
We have admittedly seen more satisfying systems in other games and the new feature is sometimes hindered by inconsistent voice acting, occasional hiccups in facial animations and a script which often just has characters tell us their personalities rather than show them.
In spite of this, getting to know Mass Effect: Andromeda's new cast of characters has been for the most part enjoyable. They were always going to have an uphill battle with someone that can't help but compare them to the characters from the original trilogy but playing for a good while now we're warming to them a lot more.
Each and every one of them has a personal story that's worth unraveling and though we're definitely not as invested in some of the crew as much as others, that's another true-to-life relationship feature of the game.
Verdict: Play it
Like those in the Andromeda Initiative, Mass Effect: Andromeda has come into a new console generation looking for a fresh start and to forge a new home. Unfortunately, also like its cast of characters it's brought some baggage and some seriously heavy expectations along with it hammering home that, really, there's no such thing as a fresh start. You can't abandon your history entirely, after all.
However, though it's not a great start it's a more than decent one and Andromeda has laid strong enough foundations for future games in the franchise to build and grow from. Eos wasn't built in a day and franchise reboots aren't established in a single game.
Mass Effect: Andromeda was reviewed on the PS4.
TechRadar's review system scores games as 'Don't Play It', 'Play It' and 'Play It Now', the last of which is the highest score we can give. A 'Play It' score suggests a solid game with some flaws, but the written review will reveal the exact justifications.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You know your Premier League teams, right?
As a proper football fan, if we asked you to list the teams who have played in the Premier League since its creation in 1992, you could confidently and quickly reel them off… right?
Hold that thought. After Brighton's promotion from the Championship was confirmed over the Easter weekend, The Seagulls will next season become the 48th team to play Premier League football.
Yes, FORTY SEVEN different clubs have been in the Premier League over the last 25 years.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Which immediately begs the question… can you remember all 47?
The quiz below gives you the chance to do exactly that. We have given you 10 minutes to take on this seemingly straightforward task.
Warning: it's not nearly as straightforward as it sounds…
As Trump Inquiries Flood Ethics Office, Director Looks To House For Action
Enlarge this image toggle caption Claire Harbage/NPR Claire Harbage/NPR
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating his tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. His office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," he said.
Chaffetz' office said he had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," he said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when he says, as he did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. He added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of his administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," he said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says his office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," he said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, he said.
Nearly a couple of years after the introduction of the Samsung Galaxy Xcover 3, the company seems to be all prepped to launch the Galaxy Xcover 4 as the smartphone shows up on Geekbench.
Recently, the Galaxy Xcover 4 had received the Wi-Fi certification, and now it pops on the Geekbench indicating that its launch is imminent.
Also Read: Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 might be unveiled at MWC 2017
The listing reveals that the Galaxy Xcover 4 with the model number SM-G390F will run Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box. Also, it will pack a 14nm quad-core Exynos 7570 chipset along with Mali-T720 GPU. The listing also indicates that the smartphone will pack 2GB of RAM.
Other details of the smartphone are yet-to-be-revealed. However, given that Samsung's Exynos 7570 chipset is claimed to support up to 720p display, we can expect the Xcover 4 to feature the same.
We will keep you posted as soon as something solid surfaces online regarding the phone. Until then, keep a tab on this space.
Source
The Unicef report also highlighted that 1 in 3 Internet users worldwide is a child and too little is being done to protect them from the perils of the digital world and to increase their access to safe online content.
New Delhi: The Internet in India is still a “male preserve” with females constituting on average only a third of information and communication technology (ICT) users, Unicef said in its annual report released on Monday.
According to the The State of the World's Children 2017: Children in a digital world—in India only 29% of all Internet users are female. Internet penetration is higher in urban areas, however, the potential to grow is huge.
“Girls in rural areas often face restrictions on their use of ICTs solely because of their gender. One village governing body in rural Rajasthan stated that girls were not to use mobile phones or social media. Another village in Uttar Pradesh banned unmarried girls from using mobile phones,” the report said.
There are potentially serious consequences for girls excluded from the digital age, including inability to access online services and information on issues related to their health; inability to further their education; and no chance to further skills that could help them participate in the global economy of the 21st century.
“Girls and boys in India have the unique opportunity to benefit from the connectivity that the digital world can provide. India is famous as an IT Hub and no matter where they live, every girl or boy should have a digital advantage,” said Yasmin Ali Haque, India representative of the UN's children's agency.
The report also highlighted that 1 in 3 Internet users worldwide is a child and too little is being done to protect them from the perils of the digital world and to increase their access to safe online content. Around one third of the world's youth —346 million —are not online, exacerbating inequities and reducing children's ability to participate in an increasingly digital economy.
“Young people are the most connected age group. Worldwide, 71% are online compared with 48% of the total population. African youth are the least connected, with around 3 out of 5 youth offline, compared to just 1 in 25 in Europe,” the report said.
“Approximately 56 % of all websites are in English and many children cannot find content they understand or that is culturally relevant. More than 9 in 10 child sexual abuse URLs identified globally are hosted in five countries —Canada, France, the Netherlands, the Russian Federation and the United States,” it said.
The report also examines how the Internet increases children's vulnerability to risks and harms, including misuse of their private information, access to harmful content, and cyberbullying. The ubiquitous presence of mobile devices, the report notes, has made online access for many children less supervised—and potentially more dangerous.
And digital networks like the Dark Web and crypto currencies are enabling the worst forms of exploitation and abuse, including trafficking and ‘made to order' online child sexual abuse.
“For better and for worse, digital technology is now an irreversible fact of our lives. In a digital world, our dual challenge is how to mitigate the harms while maximizing the benefits of the Internet for every child,” said Unicef executive director Anthony Lake.
French Open 2018: Svitolina beats Kuzmova to ease into the third round
Svitolina's win makes it four straight second-round victories for her.
Rudy Martinez ANALYST Feature 30 May 2018, 21:24 IST 22 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Elina Svitolina earned herself a better outcome at the French Open on Wednesday. The fourth seed's expertise shined bright against Slovakia's Viktoria Kuzmova keeping the youngster back in a 6-3, 6-4 win on Suzanne Lenglen Court at Roland Garros.
The Ukrainian's save on Sunday allowed her to play on and against an opponent she has never faced. With a few days to work out the kinks, Kuzmova showed her strengths early against Francesca Schiavone taking her down in a straight set match that finished in matching tiebreakers.
With her statement being made to the best of the best, the 20-year-old would show Svitolina a thing or two about fighting for every point when you have nothing to lose.
She proved her point defending her serve against the Ukrainian but fell under pressure on deuce. She kept the same tactics for being the tough one against the world number four coming up with the break in the second.
Both players began to show signs of beating one another with their own games with Svitolina picking up the pace in the fifth scoring a serve to love. Kuzmova stayed with the world number four right before her opponent opened the gap and never looked back taking the opening set in 37 minutes.
Svitolina saw a lot come from her first serve nailing 80 percent of the same with only five winners but making only five unforced errors. Kuzmova had more of those that led to her faltering midway to give Svitolina the edge. She didn't let her keep the winning streak going into the second set making sure she used the same strategy to play well against the fourth seed.
Svitolina responded by opening the gap at 3-1 before the Slovakian reeled her in with a break in the sixth. The Ukrainian tried to get away but Kuzmova wouldn't have any free points to spare as she was destined to make the set her to win.
Svitolina scored a key break in the ninth that gave her a great shot at serving things out for the match. The 20-year-old let up in the tenth erring on both sides of her racket that ended things with another backhand into the net.
The straight sets win gave Svitolina a spot in the third round after 81 minutes that saw her first serve percentage stay above 70 percent. Svitolina committed 15 errors making it a very good show of force against an opponent who couldn't remain consistent. While she moves her way into another tournament, the fourth seed will prepare for a third-round matchup against Mihaela Buznarnescu of Romania.
New Delhi: Gold prices fell by Rs 85 to Rs 29,165 per 10 grams at the bullion market Thursday, tracking a weak trend overseas amid muted demand from local jewellers.
However, silver held steady at Rs 39,100 per kg on scattered enquiries from consuming industries.
Traders said apart from weak global cues, a fall in demand from local jewellers at domestic spot market mainly kept gold prices lower.
Globally, gold fell 0.47 percent to USD 1,260.10 an ounce in New York in yesterday's trade.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 percent and 99.5 percent purity declined further by Rs 85 each to Rs 29,165 and Rs 29,015 per 10 grams, respectively. The precious metal had lost Rs 70 yesterday.
Sovereign, however, remained unaltered at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight grams.
On the other hand, silver ready ruled flat at Rs 39,100 per kg, while weekly-based delivery edged up by Rs 15 to Rs 38,965 per kg.
However, silver coins continued to be traded at previous level of Rs 72,000 for buying and Rs 73,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Will Cumberlidge carries an armload of American flags into the Immaculate Conception Cemetery last week to assist the Southington Veterans Committee to decorate the graves of U.S. and Polish veterans for Memorial Day ceremonies. According to veterans committee member John DeMello, it was no surprise that he showed up to help. Cumberlidge meets weekly with local veterans at the Summit in Plantsville.
Photo by the Southington Veterans Committee
Russian Social Accounts Adding To Complaints That Austin Bombings Aren't Being Covered
Social media users are complaining that the Austin bombings isn't getting enough coverage in the press. But it isn't only American Twitter users, for example, who are saying that. Accounts associated with Russian influence operations also have picked up that thread.
AILSA CHANG, HOST:
Since the latest bombing in Austin, there has been a flurry of activity on social media. In fact, the hashtag #AustinBombings has dramatically spiked today. And to help us unpack why that is we're joined now by NPR national security editor Phil Ewing. Hey, Phil.
PHILIP EWING, BYLINE: Hi, Ailsa.
CHANG: So what is happening? Why this sudden burst of activity on social media?
EWING: Well, there are two things taking place right now. Some of this is black users on Twitter saying that because some of the victims in this story were not white, this isn't getting as much attention as another story about bombings or a series of bombings in the United States would or should in this view. But there's also additional activity taking place on Twitter which appears initially to be connected with the Russian social media agitation that we've sort of gotten used to since the 2016 presidential race. There are dashboards and online tools that let us know which accounts are focusing on which hashtags from the Russian influence-mongers who've been targeting the United States since 2016, and they, too, have been tweeting about Austin bombings today.
CHANG: The theory being that these Russian bots are being used to drive a wedge between groups of people here in the United States about this issue, about the coverage being potentially racist.
EWING: That's right. Very little of the active measures that U.S. intelligence and national security officials have told us about since 2016 and before originates issues into the United States. Instead, what it does is look at the way our conversation is going nationally, whether it's about Charlottesville...
CHANG: Right.
EWING: ...The NFL protests, the special election last year in Alabama, or in this case the Austin bombings, and then just tries to turn up the volume. So if you have a conversation that's taking place at a Level 5, they want it to be a Level 7 if they can. By turning up the volume, the goal is to just continue to sow this chaos and unrest inside the conversation in the United States.
CHANG: And these trolls, they're incredibly sophisticated, right? I mean, is there a way to possibly tell which accounts are legitimate and which are just trying to sow discord?
EWING: Not easily. And in fact the special counsel, Robert Mueller, has included some details in his indictment of 13 Russians and a number of Russian entities that were associated with this social media agitation in the United States. And he describes how there were people posing as supporters of Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump, clearly. And the goal is to appear to be a legitimate American talking to other Americans when in fact it's all part of a smokescreen.
CHANG: That's NPR's national security editor Phil Ewing. Thank you.
EWING: Thank you.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Alchemist ARC president Srishti Dhir.
Mumbai: Alchemist Asset Reconstruction Co. Ltd is planning to focus on acquiring control of and restructuring stressed companies that have been admitted in the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) through the insolvency and bankruptcy code (IBC), said a senior executive of the firm.
Delhi-based Alchemist ARC is sponsored by Alok Dhir, managing partner of Dhir and Dhir Associates and Delhi-based NBFC DMI Finance. The ARC has former State Bank of India chairman Pratip Chaudhuri as its chairman.
“Our business strategy going ahead is to use our platform to combine financial strength with operational capabilities to acquire and restructure companies referred to NCLT under the IBC. It (IBC) has increased the business opportunities for ARCs as the decision making on stressed financial assets has been expedited and, fortunately, an exception has been carved out for ARCs from being treated as ineligible to submit a resolution plan where a connected party may be disqualified under section 29A,” said Srishti Dhir, president at Alchemist ARC.
Alchemist will tie up with strategic players with relevant industry and operational experience for acquiring companies through the IBC process.
“We are now looking to tie up with strategic partners who are having the operational capabilities to run businesses or identify independent professional management to enable us to acquire and operate the stresses companies. There is a big opportunity for specialized players such as ARCs to participate in the process, because of the sheer number and scale of stressed companies going through the process,” said Dhir.
Dhir added that Alchemist has already made a couple of such bids, along with strategic tie-ups. She added that ARCs can be a strong partner for strategic investors given their understanding of the IBC process and the related risks.
“Industry players may find it challenging to bid for distressed companies due to the risks and hurdles involved in insolvency and bankruptcy. But with the support of ARCs, there can be a huge scope for mergers and acquisitions and consolidation for specific industry players,” she said.
Dhir added that Alchemist is in the process of strategizing and shortlisting 4 or 5 sectors where it will focus our energies.
“Our current bad loans portfolio is spread across hospitality, real estate and all kinds of manufacturing,” she said.
The ARC is also planning to raise fresh equity capital this year to fund its growth plans.
“This year we are planning to privately place NCDs. We are also raising funds from banks. In the second half of the financial year, we will have a fresh round of equity fundraising. We have already had three rounds of equity fundraising since 2012. We are looking to raise at least Rs150 crore across debt and equity this year,” said Dhir.
Apart from looking at acquiring direct control of businesses through the IBC process, the ARC is also looking at growing its bad loan portfolio significantly this year.
“We are planning to increase our book quite substantially. Our gross NPA portfolio is around Rs5,000 crore and we are targeting to double that in this financial year. Our AUM has increased by five times since 2014-15. Last financial year it grew by 50%,” Dhir added.
MILAN — Inter Milan's winless streak in Serie A will stretch beyond two months after drawing with visiting Crotone 1-1 on Saturday.
Following Eder's early opener for Inter, Andrea Barberis equalized for Crotone on the hour mark.
Inter hasn't won in the league since Dec. 3, when it moved to the top of the table.
With six draws and two losses since then, Inter has dropped to fourth, one point behind Lazio, which hosts Genoa on Monday.
Welcome to this week's Social Eyes. Another USA v European Tour storm brewed on Twitter overnight – and this time it was to do with the US Open.
PGA Tour pro Steve Wheatcroft, who is not in the field this week at Erin Hills, took umbrage with the fact that 15 European Tour players qualified via one event at Walton Heath.
This was despite 53 players qualifying through ten Sectional Qualifying events in the US Open.
Funny side note on the UNITED STATES OPEN. The most sectional qualifying spots awarded this year went to none other than...England. Really? — Steve Wheatcroft (@wheatiePGA) June 14, 2017
This prompted a simple reply of ‘Lol' from Grayson Murray, who has made his return to Twitter in recent weeks following the last USA v European Tour battle with Byeong-Hun An.
Lol — Grayson Murray (@GraysonMurray) June 14, 2017
But it was fellow American Billy Horschel that called Wheatcroft out for his comments, saying he was making ‘something out of nothing' and to ‘get over it'.
Come one Wheatie! Really! They had one sectional qualifying location. We had 10 locations. Stop trying to create something out of nothing. https://t.co/zZd8VtSAqo — Billy Horschel (@BillyHo_Golf) June 14, 2017
oh Billy, this has ZERO to do with me. PGA tour gets 9 spots to the British, and foreigners can get any of those 9. Relax. Wtf — Steve Wheatcroft (@wheatiePGA) June 14, 2017
Well it seems it. Bring up a stupid point about US sectional qualifying. Now complaining about British qualifying criteria. Get over it. — Billy Horschel (@BillyHo_Golf) June 14, 2017
Twitter is on fire tonight! Meant no harm, but just felt as if the full time players on the pga tour (not me) should be better taken care of — Steve Wheatcroft (@wheatiePGA) June 14, 2017
Safe to say Beef and Tyrrell Hatton had a hell of a lot of fun out in their practice round yesterday – with the rough and bunkers not a problem for Beef in the slightest.
It's been a short game master class today @tyrrellhatton #usopen A post shared by Andrew 'Beef' Johnston (@beefgolf) on Jun 13, 2017 at 3:01pm PDT
BEEEF!! @beefgolf has got the bunkers covered this week 😂😂 #usopen #golf A post shared by Tyrrell Hatton (@tyrrellhatton) on Jun 13, 2017 at 9:58am PDT
Despite spending a lot of time away from his wife Pollyanna Woodward, Paul Casey has ensured she'll never be too far away…
Eddie Pepperell and Marcel Siem had a message for Kevin Na after his video rant about the severity of the fescue at Erin Hills: ‘Chill out'.
When I played with Na at Whistling Straits, he called a ref over because 18 was playing too long...He hit driver-driver, made 3. Chill Kev. https://t.co/jnTAnq0hlw — Eddie Pepperell (@PepperellEddie) June 12, 2017
Couldnt believe it when I saw his post. That's what is all about at a U.S. Open. He should definitely chill out — Marcel Siem (@SiemMarcel) June 12, 2017
And finally…
The European Tour has summed up the par-5 18th in probably the best possible way…
Balthazar Cordova, 17, of Miami was in the Nation's capital in early November to receive an award from all three federal arts and culture agencies on behalf of Pérez Art Museum Miami's (PAMM) Brick x Brick community outreach program.
The program was recognized for its effectiveness in promoting learning and life skills in young people by engaging them through creative youth development programs. The after-school program received the 2017 National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award, the nation's highest honor for these programs.
The award recognizes the country's best creative youth development programs for using engagement in the arts and the humanities to generate a wide range of positive outcomes, such as increases in academic achievement, graduation rates, and college enrollment. The awardees — chosen from a pool of 350 nominations and 50 finalists — also were recognized for improving literacy and language abilities, communication and performance skills, and cultural awareness.
First presented in 1998, the 2017 National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award is presented through a partnership between the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA), National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH), and Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS), in cooperation with the National Assembly of State Arts Agencies (NASAA).
“I'm proud to represent my peers in accepting this award for PAMM,” Cordova said. “A lot of people think that arts education just prepares you to become an artist, but it doesn't. Arts education can be applied to all different kinds of disciplines — giving the tools to kids like me to change lives and communities.”
PAMM is the largest provider of art education outside of Miami-Dade County School District. Its Brick x Brick program was created to reach teens in underserved communities throughout Miami-Dade County and transform lives through art. Since its founding in 2007, the program has engaged more than 600 students with art and design learning activities to discover the power of their creativity to change their circumstances and communities.
In the program, students learn problem-solving skills, how to collaborate in a team, and critical thinking. The powerful impact of the program is illustrated by the many teens who find their voice, passions, and confidence through the program to change their lives and the world around them.
“By engaging and inspiring young people, Brick x Brick gives students not just the vision but the practical skills to apply lessons learned with arts-based learning, into their lives, families and communities,” said PAMM director Franklin Sirmans.
In addition to the national recognition bestowed by receipt of the prestigious award, Brick x Brick will receive $10,000 to support its programming and engage more young people from the community.
For more information about Brick x Brick, visit pamm.org/brickxbrick. For more information about the National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Awards, visit nahyp.org.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
His father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Calling Massachusetts House Speaker Robert DeLeo's observation about non-disclosure agreements "tone-deaf" is being kind.
State Rep. Diana DiZoglio considered it worse than that, after DeLeo said non-disclosure and non-disparagement agreements were "part of doing business" while staffers on Beacon Hill and other critics are calling them silencing tactics.
DeLeo's office said since 2010, some 33 people working for the House were offered "a small severance payment in exchange for executing a written agreement." He said fewer that two a year have come up during his time as speaker, and that the agreements were never used to settle sexual harassment claims.
If the agreements are indeed "part of doing business" in the State House, it's bad business that illustrates the accepted culture of sweeping harassment claims and other grievances under the rug. It's gone on so long that it no longer seems as wrong as it is.
DiZoglio is using descriptions of her own personal experience to make that point. She said that as a legislative aide in 2011, DeLeo's office told her she would not receive a severance package without signing a non-disclosure and non-disparagement agreement.
According to DiZoglio, she had to leave her job because false rumors involving herself and a state representative were overwhelming. DiZoglio's story is compelling, but finding fault in the accepted practice of non-disclosure agreements doesn't even need individual examples.
DeLeo's remark ignores a basic difference between State House jobs and most other occupations. Elected and appointed officials, as well as government staffers, work in the public sector.
This brings a responsibility of transparency beyond that in the normal private sector job. Anyone who doesn't think that's fair is under no obligation to work in the public sector - or for that matter, run for office.
It's also no secret that many non-disclosure and non-disparagement agreements are not signed by free choice but under duress. DiZoglio's story articulates such an example.
Any level of awareness would bring acknowledgment that many such agreements, in both public and private work, are made because the signer is at a financial or professional disadvantage and feels he or she has no choice.
DiZoglio wants the agreements eliminated entirely. Presumably alluding to how different sexual harassment cases bring different circumstances, DeLeo says victims should have the option.
Politicians in Boston say they're serious about cleaning up sexual harassment and abuse that's been going on for as long as powerful people have used that power unethically. If they mean it, they can start by remembering they work for the public, a calling that demands transparency - and that agreements designed to keep secrets do nothing but damage the trust the people should be allowed to have in them.
Investigators are working to learn what caused a fire that destroyed an abandoned home in Spring Valley.
The fire broke out at 308 West Courtland street, around 2:45 p.m. Saturday. The home was fully engulfed when firefighters arrived to the scene and a large cloud of smoke could be seen from miles away.
Witnesses say that two juveniles were seen in the area at the time.
Today, Fillmore County Sheriff, Tom Kaase, says those young people have been identified and interviewed. No one has been charged and the cause of the fire is still unknown at this time.
The home was destroyed in the blaze.
Canadian scientists have received $11 million to advance research into cancer immunotherapy, much of it conducted in Ottawa, including a promising treatment that uses genetically modified immune cells to fight leukemia and other blood cancers.
The announcement, made Wednesday by the federally funded BioCanRx network, is designed to build both the scientific and manufacturing capacity required to launch Canadian-based human clinical trials of CAR-T cell therapy.
The therapy involves re-engineering a patient's own T cells to make them better cancer fighters.
It was revealed Wednesday that Ottawa researchers will receive $5.5 million in grants and that the city will become home to a multimillion-dollar manufacturing centre capable of producing a key component of CAR-T cells.
“What it means is that any scientist in this country who has a good idea will actually be able to get it into the clinic,” explained Dr. John Bell, a senior scientist at The Ottawa Hospital and one of Canada's leading immunotherapy researchers.
“All of the discoveries that are sitting in labs now and haven't had the chance to move forward could rapidly be put into the clinic once this is established.”
Canadian researchers want to begin phase one clinical trials using genetically modified immune cells by 2019.
In CAR-T cell therapy, clinicians harvest immune cells from a patient's blood, and re-engineer them to better target cancer cells, which have an uncanny ability to derail the body's immune response. The modified T cells are multiplied in a lab, and then billions of them are infused back into the patient's bloodstream where they go to work.
Currently, Canadian researchers do not have the equipment to manufacture CAR-T cells — it's an expensive process — and must rely on U.S. suppliers to conduct experiments. That has been the source of immense frustration for Canadians working in the rapidly evolving field of immunotherapy, which seeks to leverage the power of the body's immune system in the fight against cancer.
It also means the vast majority of CAR-T clinical trials are not available to Canadians suffering from advanced leukemia or lymphoma.
According to the plan unveiled Wednesday, Ottawa's Biotherapeutics Manufacturing Centre will be expanded to become a key part of Canada's CAR-T cell production network. The centre will produce a virus that can infect T cells and add genetic material to them.
The Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation has pledged to raise $2.5 million to help finance the initiative. “This form of therapy, this manufacturing facility, will lead to personalized cancer treatment, which is really the next frontier,” said foundation president Linda Eagen.
CAR-T cell cancer therapy has shown remarkable promise in some patients in the U.S. with advanced, otherwise incurable cancers. But there have also been setbacks.
Last July, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ordered a halt to a high-profile CAR-T clinical trial after three leukemia patients died from brain swelling. The phase two trial restarted, but was shut down again in November after two more deaths.
Bell said he's confident that the Canadian trials will be safe.
“I think we've learned a lot by what has gone wrong,” he said. “But anytime you use a new therapeutic, you're going to find things you didn't possibly anticipate.”
As part of the effort, Dr. Manoj Lalu, an assistant professor in the University of Ottawa's Department of Anesthesiology, will lead a two-year study to examine all of the previous CAR-T clinical trials and identify potential pitfalls. He will also be interviewing patients to ensure any future clinical trials meet their needs.
“By doing that homework, we're hopefully going to build the safest and most potentially beneficial trial possible,” said Lalu, an associate scientist at The Ottawa Hospital Research Institute.
Lalu's study will also include an economic analysis to ensure the therapy is financially viable in Canada's public health care system.
Henrik Lundqvist's tone was calm and even, but his words captured the state of the Rangers:
“We need to think about desperation here in the next game and try to play our best and see how far that takes us,” the goaltender said after practice Monday as the Rangers prepared for Game 4 of their first-round playoff series against the Canadiens.
“It starts with that. Just come into the building tomorrow and we leave everything out there and try to tie it up. That's a great challenge for us. Don't overthink.”
Lundqvist was not the only Ranger to speak of a need for desperation, or at least for an uptick in energy after a dreary 3-1 loss in Game 3. But such language is not common to goalies, for whom calm usually is the best policy.
In Lundqvist's case, he was acting in his role as a team spokesman, as the most celebrated player on the roster, and as someone who after an up-and-down regular season has played well enough to win in these playoffs.
“I think the playoffs is a lot about will and lot about the mental part of the game,” he said. “[In] skill, the difference between the teams is not very big. So it comes down to determination in every battle over the ice, in front of the net, blue lines, the small places. The small places make a big difference in the playoffs.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Like everyone else on the Rangers roster and coaching staff, Lundqvist was asked to analyze their problems on home ice, both in the 2016-17 regular season and over the past three playoff seasons, during which they have lost six games in a row and been outscored, 21-4, by the Lightning, Penguins and Canadiens.
“I don't know,” he said. “You can only go to yourself and prepare the same way and make sure you come here and do whatever you can to help the team. If we have 20 guys doing that tomorrow we're going to have a good game.
“Not overthink it, just go out there, play our game and work really hard and play together and we can tie it up.”
FILE - In this April 29, 2015, file photo, boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. smiles during a pre-fight news conference in Las Vegas. Chris Carlson AP
By -
It's a funny thing about cats and babies. When babies cry, we desperately try to understand why. When a cat meows on the other hand, we usually take it as if he or she's just being…… well, annoying. To be fair, it depends on the pitch of the meow. If it's more of a screech, well then you and I probably take that as a sign to stay away. But not with babies. Have you ever wondered why the different treatment?
Why do people put extra time into analyzing baby behaviors compared to cats?
I mean, both are obviously trying to say something to us.And we know from research that cats have a language of their own. In fact the meows you hear could be one of 20 different sounds they're making, all with slightly different inflections and behavioral responses.
We can now learn the full range of complex emotions we previously thought were reserved only for human beings — as they are actually happening to our cat children.
Cats can have a sense of guilt, for example. And if you can spot the emotions, you'll know exactly when they misbehave!
Cats can feel lonely, as we already pointed out. And oftentimes they'll try and hide from you, much like a teenager who secretly needs to be consoled in some way.
Cats can even be manipulative. But you already knew that, or at least suspected it every time your cat showed you some warmth and love right before chow time!
Dogs, in comparison, can never quite get past a five-year-old's more narrow emotional spectrum. It's either happy or sad for them.
Don't believe me? Check it out and see firsthand what your cat is trying to tell you today by clicking here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin predicted his imminent death in one of his last interviews, saying he was worried about his health.
The telly favourite, whose death aged 60 was announced today, revealed he was worried about his mortality following a string of celebrities dying.
Speaking to OK! magazine in May 2016, he described his nerves after stars like David Bowie, Prince and David Gest all passed away in recent months.
He said: “[I'm] worried. I'm having a panic attack as we talk. It could be me that's next. But there won't be any long compilation film on the news I promise you that.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
“It will be in Pig Breeders Weekly you'll hear about it.”
Speaking about giving up booze, Keith added he hadn't touched a drop of alcohol in 23 years,
He added: “Gosh, I feel really big headed now. [It's been] 23 years. It took me a long time to give up.
“I mean don't get me wrong when I was drinking I had some fantastic times – I really enjoyed it but it was the last few years that were the worst."
In a statement released today, Chegwin's family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year."
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. His wife Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side."
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks."
(Image: WENN)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private."
Born in Liverpool, the star was best known for fronting popular TV shows including Cheggers Plays Pop and Multi-Coloured Swap Shop.
(Image: London Features International)
(Image: Press Association)
Halo Burger has raised more than $5,000 for the Special Olympics of Flint during the month of May.
During the month, the restaurant chain donated $1 to the Special Olympics of Flint from each Dre Burger sold.
The chain sold 2,891 Dre Burgers and collected an additional $2,179 in donations, Halo said in a press release.
The Dre Burger was a collaboration with Detroit Pistons Center Andre Drummond.
"I am proud of my ongoing involvement with the Special Olympics of Flint, and thrilled that together with Halo Burger, we were able to raise over $5,000 for them. They do so much for their athletes and the community. I'm also happy we sold so many Dre Burgers,” Drummond said. “I think people like them."
Drummond is Halo's first spokesperson and brand ambassador in the company's 93-year history, the company said.
"We're in the burger business, but we're really in the people business first - being good citizens. That means looking out for each other and helping the local communities that we serve," Halo CEO Chance Richie said. "Andre's involvement in the region was really important to us, and our commitment to constant improvement means we can do so much more together – for Flint, for Detroit, and southeast Michigan at large."
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
While catching up on the news one chilly morning outside the South Miami Starbucks on S. Dixie Highway (US1), Dr. Anthony Krupp of Coral Gables wears a “pussyhat” that his wife donned during the Women's March on Washington in January. With a background in psychology and teaching, Dr. Krupp said he is thoroughly enjoying the response he gets — both positive and otherwise. The knit pink hats, topped with corners that resemble cat ears, are part of the Pussyhat Project in support of women's issues.
(Photo credit: Kress Comunications)
Photo: iStock
I have rented some white goods for a temporary stay in Delhi for 2 years. Is it a wise idea to get insurance for these goods, or will the renting agent do so?
—Shishir Gupta
To buy insurance, you must have an insurable interest. This is typically identified with ownership. Since the goods are on rent, you do not have insurable interest. Do note that insurers typically check for insurable interest at the time of claim and not always at the time of issuance of the insurance policy. The firm that rented you these goods should be able to buy insurance. They can either buy insurance for all their goods or they could buy specifically for goods rented to you. In this insurance policy, the renting firm should get a clause endorsed known as the “goods held in trust” clause.
What are the broad types of wellness programmes that health insurance policies offer? What do these cover, and do they cost more than a policy sans the wellness programmes?
—Mona Shah
Health insurance policies cover multiple types of non-hospitalization expenses. The expenses covered could be either in the form of health check-ups, general out-patient expenses, or vaccinations. Typically, such expenses are subject to a limit within the overall policy sum assured. A few policies define the frequency in which these benefits could be availed. For example, a health check-up could be availed once in every three years.
The price of wellness benefits is built into the premium. There is no separate charge. Where wellness is offered as an add-on, the incremental premium is separately mentioned.
When I bought my health insurance policy some 6 years back, I weighed 75 kg. Now, I weigh around 90 kg. Will this, apart from age, be a factor at the time of renewal? If yes, then if I were to reduce my weight, will I get any benefit of doing so, in the policy?
—Arth Bali
Health insurance policies are guaranteed renewal policies. Insurers cannot deny renewal. Nor can they increase premium for specific individuals. Renewal premium increase is only linked to age. Due to such stringent guidelines around renewal, insurers do not ask for any information at the time of renewal. Any increase or decrease in risk factor thus has no adverse or favourable impact on renewal premium.
What does claim settlement ratio mean for a policy buyer?
—Andy
Claim settlement ratio can be measured in two ways i.e., on premium and on number of claims. On the basis of premium, claim settlement ratio is total claims settled divided by the total premium received. This ratio indicates insurer's profitability. If the claims settled is more than the premium received, it would indicate loss for the insurer, and vice versa. Such profitability metric has limited importance for an insurance buyer.
On the basis of number of claims, claim settlement ratio is a number of claims settled divided by the total number of claims received. A high ratio indicates that insurer has a favourable disposition towards claims filed by its customers. A policy buyer should prefer insurers with a claim settlement ratio of more than 85-90%.
I have a small business and have been reading about the cyberattacks on enterprises, banks and wallet companies. If my account is hacked, and money siphoned off, would my bank indemnify me or would I have to bear the loss? Are there any insurance policies to cover such losses? How do such policies work?
—Name withheld on request
White collar crime has become increasingly common. Unauthorised access to bank accounts is one of the frequent types of white collar crimes.
There is a specific insurance policy meant to cover such risks, i.e., commercial crime insurance. Under such a policy, losses suffered by the insured for such incidents are covered, especially if it involves connivance of insured's employees.
Whether or not your bank will cover the loss depends if there has been a deficiency of controls on your part. For example, if access credentials are leaked from your organisation, you would be considered at fault.
Whenever a loss occurs, you are expected to inform the insurer immediately. After the intimation, the insurance company would appoint its representative, which may include forensic experts. They would establish the occurrence of the loss, and prima facie cause. Once these are established by the insurer, policy would indemnify you.
Abhishek Bondia is principal officer and managing director, SecureNow.in
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kem Cetinay was Chris Hughes' best friend on Love Island - and helped him through all his ups and downs during his turbulent relationship with Olivia Attwood .
And things are no different now they're on the outside, so when Olivia was spotted canoodling with her footballer ex-boyfriend, Bradley Dack , Kem was the first person Chris called.
"I was the first person they called actually. They were both calling me on separate phones," Kem told The Sun .
And he had some surprising advice for Chris - insisting that he's not "dumb and naive".
(Image: Rex Features)
"I know how good their relationship is. They're both fiery characters. They're always going to clash but they'd never do anything to hurt each other, they're so loyal," he said.
Kem insisted that Olivia is incredibly remorseful that she hurt her beau.
"Liv regrets the situation that she stuck herself in it where she didn't do anything wrong and people jumped on the opportunity to make it look differently," she said.
He added: "Chris knows Liv and he's not dumb and naive. He knows he wouldn't be in something, same with her, if he wasn't 100 per cent."
(Image: Rex)
Last week, Chris took to social media to indicate that his romance with Olivia was in trouble.
The pair have seen their romance rocked after photos of Olivia flirting with her footballer ex emerged.
And despite both taking to social media to declare their romance is still on track, Chris then suggested it is coming off the rails.
Last week, the star posted a graphic of an ‘inspirational' quote from the internet on Twitter to provide insight into his hugely documented love life.
(Image: @chrishughes_22/Twitter)
In the post - which he simply titled: “Life” - the star appeared to suggest that his relationship is riddled with “problems” and is far from “ideal”.
The quote read: "You can't just give up on someone because the situation's not ideal.”
It continued: "Great relationships aren't great because they have no problems.”
The quote concluded: “They're great because both people care enough about the other person to find a way to make it work.”
The couple's ups and downs have already been well documented, with their on/off relationship being one of the more entertaining story lines of Love Island this year.
© J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press
'At some point, a court might have to step in'
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images
'There's very little precedent for this'
Reports that the FBI's special counsel's team is researching President Donald Trump's pardon power are the latest indication that the Russia investigation is moving into unexplored terrain.Robert Mueller, who was appointed special counsel in May after Trump fired the FBI Director James Comey, is tasked with examining Russia's interference in the 2016 US election, including whether Trump's campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the race in his favor.Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that Michael Dreeben There is no federal precedent governing those limits, so Dreeben, a veteran Department of Justice attorney who has argued more than 100 cases before the Supreme Court, is most likely digging into state-level cases with elements that could be extrapolated as they relate to Trump's executive authority.Like the president, governors also have the authority to grant pardons - and Renato Mariotti, a former federal prosecutor, told Business Insider that it was possible Dreeben was looking into state-level case law going back to the country's early years to find instances in which a court found a governor's pardon problematic."Dreeben's probably spending all day researching those cases, and he's probably going to find some analogy that Mueller can use" in case Trump issues a preemptive pardon or one that stymies the investigation, Mariotti said.Mariotti added that the revelation was "really something" and one of the biggest developments in the investigation so far.Trump's pardon power became a subject of interest after The Washington Post reported in July that the president had asked his advisers whether he could pardon aides, family members, or possibly himself as the Russia investigation ramped up.In addition to Trump's campaign, Mueller's investigation also encompasses several of the president's close associates, including his campaign chairman, Paul Manafort ; his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn ; his senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner ; and his son Donald Trump Jr The Constitution grants the president very broad pardon powers relating to federal crimes - something Trump has pointed out."While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us. FAKE NEWS," Trump tweeted in July.Trump's statements and actions indicate that "we have every reason to think that this president will not hesitate to use any means at his disposal to avoid scrutiny of himself, his family, and his inner circle," said Claire Finkelstein, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.The president in August pardoned Joe Arpaio , the Arizona sheriff who was convicted of criminal contempt in July for violating the terms of a 2011 court order in a racial-profiling case. Arpaio was an early and ardent advocate for Trump on the campaign trail, and Trump told a crowd at a rally in Arizona shortly before granting the pardon that Arpaio would be "just fine.""Imagine a circumstance where Trump pardons one of his associates in the Russia probe - that associate is then compelled to testify, but they refuse to do so, they're then held in contempt, and Trump pardons them again," Mariotti said. "At some point, a court might have to step in because the president would be defeating the lawful function of our criminal justice system."Experts are also exploring whether Trump could pardon someone if doing so would fit into a pattern of obstruction of justice Finkelstein laid out a scenario in which parallels could be drawn to the circumstances surrounding Comey's firing in May.The White House initially said Comey was dismissed because of his handling of the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of private email, but Trump later told NBC's Lester Holt that "this Russia thing" had been a factor in his decision.Comey also told the Senate Intelligence Committee in June that before firing him, Trump asked him to drop the Russia investigation and the FBI's inquiry into Flynn, who was forced to resign as national security adviser when it emerged that he had misled the vice president about his contacts with Russians during the transition period.While the president has the power to fire the FBI director, he does not have the right to do so if his intent is to cover up an investigation into whether he or his associates committed misdeeds. Whether Trump had " corrupt intent " when he fired Comey is the basis of Mueller's obstruction-of-justice investigation."One could make a parallel argument here and say that if the president's motive in issuing a pardon is to avoid scrutiny of his or his associates' actions, that constitutes an overstepping of his constitutional authority," Finkelstein said.There is, however, one key difference between the two scenarios:Jon Michaels, a professor at the UCLA School of Law, said Tuesday that it was becoming clear that by probing the questions surrounding Trump's pardon power, Mueller's team was "being very strategic" and was "trying to preempt efforts that have the effect of insulating the administration from the investigations."The lengths to which the special counsel's team is going to get ahead of the White House are unusual, said Jens David Ohlin, a vice dean at Cornell Law School who's an expert in criminal law.Mariotti agreed and said that in his long career as a federal prosecutor, he never investigated someone he thought the president might pardon in the middle of the investigation."Think of how rare that is," he said. "These are things we've never seen before. The pardon power is usually used years later, when someone's already served time. So it's unusual - very unusual - for a prosecutor to be considering these questions."It's impossible to know how things would play out if Mueller faced off with Trump over Trump's authority to grant pardons, experts said, because of its unique and broad nature, and because it is written in the US Constitution."It would take a lot for a court to limit the power," Mariotti said. "But this is the sort of crazy situation where it just might happen."
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Vistitors from all overcame to see the different vendors and events taking place at Modern Day Marine Expo through the 19th to the 21st of September 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia. The Modern Day Marine Expo is held annually to display New Equipment and to allow both bigger and smaller companys the opportunity to get their product known to the general public. (U.S. Marine Corps Video by PFC Haley Buker)
DALLAS — Jamie Benn had a goal and an assist during a four-goal second period, and the Dallas Stars beat the Minnesota Wild 6-1 Saturday night.
Mattias Janmark and Benn scored on the power play, Tyler Seguin scored on an assist from Benn, and Stephen Johns added an unassisted goal during the second-period flurry. Alexander Radulov and Dan Hamhuis scored in the third period for the Stars, Seguin also had two assists, and Kari Lehtonen stopped 30 shots to win his fourth straight.
Jason Zucker spoiled Lehtonen's shutout bid at 5:40 of the third period. Alex Stalock stopped 25 of the 29 shots he faced through the first two periods, and Devan Dubnyk gave up two goals on nine shots in the third.
In an evenly played first period, neither team had a goal or a penalty as the Wild outshot the Stars 10-9.
That all changed midway through the second period, when Minnesota drew the first two penalties and Dallas scored on both power plays sandwiched around the goal by Johns in a span of 4:08.
Zucker went off for high sticking at 7:41 and Janmark deflected John Klingberg's shot from the blue line past Stalock at 8:59.
Johns stole the puck in the neutral zone, skated in to the right faceoff circle and sent the puck just inside the right goalpost just 48 seconds later.
Dallas swarmed Minnesota's net on the second power play. Devin Shore's backhand from just to the left of the goal rebounded to Benn on the right for an easy goal at 11:49.
Seguin increased the Stars' sudden lead to 4-0, taking a pass from Benn low in the left circle for Seguin's team-leading 25th goal.
NOTES: The Stars' No. 1 goalie, Ben Bishop, was scratched after being hit in the face by a puck while sitting on the bench during Thursday's game at Arizona. Rookie Landon Bow was recalled from Texas of the AHL to back up Lehtonen. ... Commemorating 25 years in Dallas since moving from Minnesota, the Stars had four players from the 1993-94 team — Paul Cavallini, Russ Courtnall, Dave Gagner and Craig Ludwig — drop ceremonial first pucks. ... Stars LW Antoine Roussel returned after missing two games because of a nasal infection. ... Minnesota was playing back-to-back nights after a 5-2 home win over Vegas on Friday. ... The Wild came in with a seven-game streak of scoring on the power play, during which they had eight goals. At the other end, they have allowed seven goals in their last 12 penalty-killing attempts over the last five games.
For Christians In Egypt, Building A New Church Can Set Off Violence
Christians in Minya province have faced long-running tensions with their Muslim neighbors over an issue central to their survival as a community — whether they can build churches.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Next we have the story of a religious minority. Of the many religious minorities in the United States, Muslims have faced intense scrutiny in recent years. In majority-Muslim Egypt, one frequently scrutinized minority group are Christians. They face arguments over whether they can build churches and sometimes much worse. Last month, you may recall, a gunman opened fire on Christians, killing 29 people. NPR's Jane Arraf visited the province with Egypt's highest percentage of Christians.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Foreign language spoken).
JANE ARRAF, BYLINE: I'm in a small house in the farming village of al-Our. Like a dozen families here, Izas Dawood has turned her living room into a shrine. Behind the flickering candles, next to pictures of her two smiling sons, she's hung the altar boy gowns they wore in the village church before they went to neighboring Libya to find work.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Foreign language spoken).
IZAS DAWOOD: (Foreign language spoken).
ARRAF: Samuel was 20, and Beshoy was 22. They're considered martyrs now. That's because they were among 20 young Egyptian workers beheaded by ISIS in Libya two years ago. To commemorate their deaths, President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi gave permission for a huge new church on the road to al-Our. Building churches is so controversial here, it took an ISIS attack to get permission to build one.
The village is 70 percent Muslim. Some of the villagers protested and threw stones when construction started on the church. Churches are a sensitive subject throughout Egypt, even though about 10 percent of the population is Christian. It's hard to get permits to build them. In Minya, a poor province which has the biggest concentration of Christians, even talk of a church can be dangerous.
EBRAHIM FAHMY: (Through interpreter) They burned my house. They burned the house my brother was building and the houses of five other brothers. They thought we were going to open a church.
ARRAF: That's Ebrahim Fahmy. He's from the village of Kom al-Lufi. In April, just after suicide bombings at churches in Egypt killed 44 people, some of the Christians gathered in a house in the village to pray. A mob attacked them and set fire to buildings.
Fahmy is shaking with anger as he speaks in a church hall in the nearby town of Samalut. He says a year ago, his tailor shop and a factory were burned down. He says the crops have died because Christians haven't been allowed to work their fields.
At first, Kom al-Lufi seems like a typical, sleepy Egyptian town. Small concrete houses line narrow alleyways. Men riding donkeys meander past. You'd think it was an ordinary village, except there are armored vehicles full of police posted at the entrance. We're told there were fights recently between Christian and Muslim students after exams.
In the street, we meet Fawzi Abdul Sattar, a barber. His son Bakr, not yet 18, is in jail, charged with setting fire to four houses in the attack in April.
FAWZI ABDUL SATTAR: (Foreign language spoken).
ARRAF: He says his son is innocent - that he and his friend Mahmoud were arrested after they were coming back from the mosque.
We go back to talk to the rest of the family, but the police come and order us to leave and delete the recording. They're worried Egypt will get a bad image. Before they do, Mahmoud's mother says there are a lot more Muslims than Christians here, so the Christians can go somewhere else to pray. She claims the Quran says churches are haram, religiously unclean. That's not true. But like many here, she can't read, so she only knows what people tell her.
In Samalut, the priest responsible for the region, Father Daud, says he's applied for a permit twice since 2006 to build a church in Kom al-Lufi. He's received promises from the Minya governor but no approval.
FATHER DAUD: (Through interpreter) He and security officials are all saying the Christians have a right to pray. He promised to allow us to build a church, and he will keep his promise. We have faith in God and in the governor.
ARRAF: Father Daud says Christians and Muslims get along well most of the time. But as soon as you mention a church, that's a different thing, he says.
Jane Arraf, NPR News, in Minya province, Egypt.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. — Ben Holmstrom scored twice as the Bridgeport Sound Tigers downed the Belleville Senators 3-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Connor Jones also scored for the Sound Tigers (23-17-6), who got a 24-save outing from Christopher Gibson.
Filip Chlapik scored the lone goal for the Senators (19-25-4). Danny Taylor stopped 24-of-27 shots in defeat.
Bridgeport went 0 for 5 on the power play while Belleville scored once on two chances with the man advantage.
WASHINGTON -- The US pointman on North Korea, Amb. Joseph Yun, held secret meetings with North Korean diplomats in Oslo and New York before flying to Pyongyang to bring home a long-detained comatose American college student, a news report said Wednesday.
The Olso meeting took place last month after Yun, special representative for North Korea policy, persuaded Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to approve the rare contact by assuring him that the agenda would focus only on the status of Americans detained in the North, the Washington Post reported.
Joseph Yun, US special representative for North Korea policy. (Yonhap)
During the meeting, North Korean diplomats agreed to allow Swedish diplomats in the North, who serve as the protecting power for American citizens, to visit US detainees, including Otto Warmbier, the 22-year-old University of Virginia student held since January last year, the report said.After the North allowed Swedish officials to visit only one of the four American detainees, the US pressed hard for access to the others and the North requested an urgent meeting with Yun in New York and informed him that Warmbier had fallen into a coma due to food poisoning, according to the report.Following the meeting, Yun and two American physicians flew to Pyongyang on a US plane Monday under orders from President Donald Trump to demand to "see Warmbier immediately, and, 'if he was in bad shape, to demand his immediate release,'" the report cited an unidentified official as saying.While in Pyongyang, Yun also visited the three other American detainees, the report said.The Oslo meeting is believed to be the first time officials of the two countries have met face-to-face in a long time. It came as tensions are running high between the two countries with the North carrying out a series of ballistic missile tests and the US working hard to drive up pressure on Pyongyang.The secret meetings might lead to resumption of broader talks between the two sides.The paper said that whether the back-channel diplomacy leads to the resumption of nuclear negotiations could depend on Warmbier's condition. But it also cited a congressional aide familiar with the process as saying that Tillerson was "adamant that Yun participate in the meetings only under the precondition that the detained Americans be the focus of the agenda.""It was not for broader diplomacy or engagement," the aide was quoted as saying. (Yonhap)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Saudi Arabia's new crown prince hopes to transform the kingdom and modernize society, but the planned execution of 14 Shiite protesters charged with violence against security forces suggests the government's handling of sectarian tensions and unrest remains unchanged.
The country's supreme court recently upheld the death penalty in the case, raising concerns among rights activists that the group could be executed at any moment.
Human rights groups allege the trial was unfair, saying the defendants' confessions were extracted under duress and that some did not have lawyers present in court. Three of the defendants were 17 years old when the alleged crimes were committed.
A defense lawyer contacted by The Associated Press declined to speak, saying he is officially barred from talking about the case with the media.
The mother of one of the defendants said her son's lawyer was pressured to quit his defense and so withdrew from the trial, leaving her son to represent himself.
“He had to defend himself and answer his own questions in court,” said Zahra Abdullah, the mother of defendant Munir al-Adam. “I am demanding either a just trial or their release,” she added. “To issue the death penalty for protests isn't right.”
Also facing execution is Mujtaba al-Sweikat, a young Saudi man who had been accepted to attend Western Michigan University before his arrest. The American Federation of Teachers, which says it represents 1.6 million members nationwide, is urging President Donald Trump to demand that Saudi Arabia halt the executions.
In response to the outcry, the Saudi Justice Ministry issued a rare statement defending its judicial process and the verdicts. It said the 14 were convicted of “terrorist crimes” that included killing civilians and security officers.
The ministry said the group received a fair trial, and that three different courts and a total of 13 judges examined the case. The ministry said severe punishment is handed down only in cases where the most dangerous crimes are committed.
Abdullah says her son took part in protests to demand equality and greater rights. Among the charges he faced were throwing rocks at police and firing on a police checkpoint. She says her son denies the charge of firing on police.
Scholars of Islamic law, or Shariah, hold vastly different views on the application of the death penalty. Under the kingdom's interpretation of Shariah, judges have wide discretion to rule and hand down death sentences for lethal as well as non-lethal offenses.
The kingdom has one of the highest rates of execution in the world. Last year, 47 people were executed on one day, including a prominent Saudi Shiite cleric convicted for his role in violent protests. The cleric, Nimr al-Nimr, denied the charges of sedition. His supporters say he was punished for being an outspoken government critic and a key leader of the Shiite protests in eastern Saudi Arabia in 2011 and 2012.
The group of 14 were charged for their role in those same protests.
Reprieve, an advocacy group that opposes the death penalty, said it has established that at least one of the defendants was never permitted to see a lawyer. In al-Adam's case, no evidence against him was presented at trial, said Reprieve.
Activists say there is growing cause for concern after the kingdom executed four Shiites in July convicted on charges of terrorism for their role in the same protests and violence with security forces.
On Friday, 10 Nobel Peace Prize winners appealed to King Salman and his son, the crown prince, to halt the executions.
Human Rights Watch says that if Saudi Arabia's new leadership is serious about reform, “they should immediately step in to stop these executions.” In a joint statement, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said the rise in death sentences against Shiites in Saudi Arabia “is alarming and suggests that the authorities are using the death penalty to settle scores and crush dissent under the guise of combating ‘terrorism.'”
Underpinning much of these tensions is a region-wide rivalry between Sunni-led Saudi Arabia and Shiite-led Iran. Al-Nimr's execution led to a severing of ties.
In sermons and on Twitter, Saudi Arabia's ultraconservative clerics refer to Shiites as “rafida,” an Arabic slur for “rejectionists.” They condemn Shiite rituals, like praying at the tombs of revered figures, as an aberration of Islam and accuse Shiites of being faithful to hard-line clerics in theocratic Iran.
Saudi Shiites, who are a minority in the kingdom but make up the bulk of the population in the kingdom's eastern region, have been targeted by extremists in recent years. A number of bombings have struck Shiites mosques in the east.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who was elevated as heir to the throne in late June, has fashioned himself as a modernizer. He's set out lofty goals for the kingdom to achieve by 2030, promising a dramatic shake-up, but has given no indication he is willing to address Shiite grievances.
Prince Mohammed raised eyebrows during an interview in May when he framed his country's rivalry with Iran in sectarian terms, saying there could be no dialogue with Iran because it is trying to spread a messianic Shiite doctrine.
Nowhere is sectarian tensions in Saudi Arabia more visible than in the eastern town of al-Awamiya, the hometown of al-Nimr, the executed cleric.
Around two dozen people, including security forces and local militants, have been killed there this year there. Violence spiked in May after the government began demolishing the city's historic center, including hundreds of homes. The government says the area was being used to provide cover for wanted criminals. Among those killed in the unrest is a three year-old boy who died last week. Residents in al-Awamiya say he was shot by Saudi security forces while in the backseat of a car.
Abdullah says her son was 18 years old at the time of his arrest. He'd found work at a factory outside al-Awamiya and had dropped out of school because the family was struggling financially. He complained there were no jobs, even for college graduates.
“As Shiites we have been targeted for a long time. There is no equality. All the government posts and influential positions are not for us,” she said.
___
Follow Aya Batrawy on Twitter at https://twitter.com/ayaelb .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A paranoid schizophrenic with "psychotic beliefs" stabbed his brother-in-law to death before driving him to a police station.
Sukhwinder Singh, 40, left the body of 39-year-old Harish Kumar in the front passenger seat, which he parked outside West Bromwich police station in the West Midlands.
Mr Kumar died from a single stab wound to the chest.
Today Singh admitted manslaughter by diminished responsibility at Wolverhampton Crown Court .
Prosecutor Nigel Power QC told the judge medical experts had said: "The defendant's psychotic beliefs contributed to and explained the killing."
(Image: SWNS.com)
Judge Michael Challinor told Singh: "Following your plea you will be sentenced on June 29 and I am going to direct you are produced in good time that day for sentence.
"I have no doubt you will co-operate now you are being medicated."
Paying tribute to Mr Kumar, his family said he was "a great, yet very humble man".
(Image: SWNS.com)
In a statement issued through police, a relative said: "He was always there to help and he will be sadly missed - I just can't believe that we've lost him."
Judge Challinor remanded Singh into custody until the date of his sentence at the same court.
WESTFIELD - The Westfield Farmers' Market opens for the season Thursday at the Church of the Atonement with live music, local produce, a cooking demonstration and more.
The market is open each Thursday through Oct. 4 from noon to 6 p.m. on the lawn of the Episcopal church at 36 Court St.
Opening day entertainment includes Ed Bentley at noon, Eva Cappelli singing blues and jazz from 2-4 p.m. and Dogwalker performing country, roots and jazz from 4-6 p.m.
Lisa Pac, co-owner of Skyline Trading Co., will demonstrate home brewing at 3 p.m.
Organizers said 30 vendors will be featured this year, including newcomers B's Breads, The Runamuck Baker, which offers gluten-free baked goods, Monsoon Coffee Roastery, Thai Chili Food Truck, chainsaw artist Jeff Bellefleur, Mimi's Hilltop Apiary and Zawalick's Sugar House.
Also new this year will be demonstrations by local "makers." In June, Gail Kelly of Flowers by Webster on Court Street will share a professional's secrets of floral arrangement.
Residents who receive SNAP benefits can use their cards at the market all season long and additional HIP benefits are available at select vendors at least through June.
For more information and a complete list of participants, visit westfieldfarmersmarket.net.
Date Taken: 02.01.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:53 Photo ID: 3166333 VIRIN: 170201-N-ND850-001 Resolution: 3375x2250 Size: 1.11 MB Location:
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, 170201-N-ND850-001 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Covenant HealthCare has decided to fund a full-time police position that will be based out of the hospital's main campus.
While details are still being discussed, the partnership came about as a result of a good working relationship with the City of Saginaw Police Department.
“We determined there was opportunity for Covenant to fund a full-time Saginaw Police officer position and began to discuss what that could look like,” said Kevin Albosta, Vice President at Covenant HealthCare.
Covenant will fund the position, with coverage between 12 and 24 hours depending on the day of the week, for seven days a week.
The officers covering those shifts will be based out of the Covenant HealthCare main campus and will respond to support the Saginaw Police Department during emergencies.
“We are excited about the opportunity to collaborate with Covenant,” says Saginaw Police Chief Bob Ruth. “We appreciate the support we receive from the local community and business leaders to help our citizens feel safe in the City of Saginaw while at work and play.”
Officer duties will include rounding at the medical center to provide police presence and visibility while interacting with staff, patients and visitors.
The officers will also work with Covenant's security team to police the 40-acre campus, having additional authority such as full-arrest powers and will be able to pursue suspects on-and-off Covenant property.
According to national statistics from the US Department of Labor, hospitals and healthcare providers are four times more likely to be victims of violence in the workplace compared to all other industries.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
For three seasons, James Neal was a fan favorite for the Dallas Stars, earning the nickname “The Real Deal” and selling plenty of jerseys.
But on Friday night at American Airlines Center, Neal might have officially become Public Enemy Number One by scoring both goals for the expansion Vegas Golden Knights in a shocking 2-1 season-opening win against the Stars.
Vegas is the first NHL expansion team to win its inaugural game since Ottawa and Tampa Bay both accomplished that feat in 1992.
Neal scored twice in the third period, both tallies coming against Kari Lehtonen, who relieved Stars No. 1 goaltender Ben Bishop, who left the game early in the third with a cut to the head. Earlier in the game, Neal had raised the ire of Stars fans after leveling Tyler Seguin, who scored the Stars' only goal, with a physical check late in the second period.
Four minutes into the final period, a shot by ex-Star Reilly Smith passed through Bishop's mask and struck him in the head, drawing blood. Bishop left the ice on his own as Lehtonen, the Stars' starting netminder the past few seasons, entered. Bishop had stopped all 19 shots he faced prior to departing.
Dallas had taken the lead late in the second period when Seguin, who led the Stars with 72 points last season, scored on a redirect with Dallas on the power play just 2:59 before the second intermission.
Vegas had nearly tied it with 53 seconds remaining in the second, but Brendan Leipsic's wrist shot from the slot had been whistled dead before it crossed the line. Leipsic's shot had gotten under Bishop, who then fell backwards. It then appeared that Stars defenseman John Klingberg knocked the puck into his own net. Video review determined that the referee had whistled play dead prior to the puck crossing, so the on-ice call of no goal stood.
Neal's first goal came 9:33 into the third when he sent a wrist shot past Lehtonen, who had stopped the first four shots he faced in relief of Bishop, tying the game at one. Neal then delivered the eventual game-winner with 2:44 remaining when he roofed a wrist shot into the top of the Dallas net from the right side, stunning a sellout crowd that was celebrating the beginning of the Stars' 25th anniversary season in Dallas. Another former Star, Cody Eakin, who Vegas had selected in the NHL Expansion Draft this summer, assisted on Neal's second.
Besides Neal, the other big star for the Golden Knights was veteran goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, who stopped 45 of the 46 shots he faced. Lehtonen stopped 9 of the 11 shots he faced in relief of Bishop.
One positive for Dallas from this loss was their penalty kill keeping the Vegas power play off the board, despite the Golden Knights having the man advantage seven times.
The Stars, who were also playing their first game under new head coach Ken Hitchcock, return to the ice Saturday at St. Louis, the club Hitchcock coached before being fired last winter. Hitchcock, who led Dallas to the Stanley Cup championship in 1999, is beginning his second stint with the Stars.
Stephen Hunt is a Frisco-based freelance writer.
Vegas 0 0 2 — 2 Dallas 0 1 0 — 1
First Period—None. Penalties—Radulov, DAL, (interference), 3:21; Marchessault, VGK, (roughing), 9:10; Roussel, DAL, (tripping), 11:54; Roussel, DAL, (interference), 17:33; Roussel, DAL, (interference), 19:34. Second Period—1, Dallas, Seguin 1 (Shore, Klingberg), 17:01 (pp). Penalties—Haula, VGK, (slashing), 8:30; Radulov, DAL, (slashing), 12:27; Miller, VGK, (holding), 16:19; Hamhuis, DAL, (slashing), 17:22. Third Period—2, Vegas, Neal 1 (Sbisa, Schmidt), 10:27. 3, Vegas, Neal 2 (Eakin, Garrison), 17:16. Penalties—Neal, VGK, (slashing), 6:15; Benn, DAL, (slashing), 6:15; Schmidt, VGK, (delay of game), 7:23; Benn, DAL, (high sticking), 10:56. Shots on Goal—Vegas 10-8-12—30. Dallas 14-21-11—46. Power-play opportunities—Vegas 0 of 7; Dallas 1 of 4. Goalies—Vegas, Fleury 1-0-0 (46 shots-45 saves). Dallas, Lehtonen 0-1-0 (11-9), Bishop 0-0-0 (19-19). A—18,532 (18,532). T—2:42. Referees—Kendrick Nicholson, Dan O'Halloran. Linesmen—Darren Gibbs, Matt MacPherson.
Lady Gaga is not here for bullying. The "Born This Way" singer took to Instagram on Friday to stick up for her friend's daughter, Venice, who is being bullied at her elementary school.
Gaga posted a clip, sharing a message to Venice's classmates at El Marino Elementary School that everyone can learn from. "Hi everybody at El Marino Elementary. This is Lady Gaga. I'm friends with Venice, and I work with Venice's mommy, Julie,” she said in the Instagram clip. “I'm really, really sad to hear that Venice is being bullied at school.”
A message from me to #elmarinoelementary to #BeKind to my friend @joomees daughter Venice. #WeAreVenice no child should have to sit alone at lunch or constantly be outcast. Let's empower each other to be kinder and braver. @btwfoundation A post shared by xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) on Oct 6, 2017 at 2:04pm PDT
RELATED: Lady Gaga Organizes Calming Group Meditation on Instagram Live
“I work a lot in the space of anti-bullying and I have learned that this can really change the growth and happiness of children all over the world,” she continued. “So, I encourage you all to be kind to one another and to search within your community for bravery.”
“Sometimes, it's hard to stand up to the popular kids,” Gaga says. “Be kinder. Be braver. Go and sit with Venice and have lunch. Be a rebel.”Yep, our hearts are melting, too.
The singer has been a huge proponent of eradicating bullying and cyber-bullying with her Born With This Way Foundation. We hope her message encourages these young kids to be kinder. Way to go, Gaga!
After dropping hints on social media, Selena Gomez finally released her "film" for her latest single "Bad Liar." Though it's the length of an average music video, calling it a movie isn't out of place; it has a full storyline and four different characters, all played by the singer.
The Jesse Peretz-directed video, which is set in the '70s, follows Gomez as a high school student who finds out her dad is flirting with one of her teachers. The star proves her versatility in acting as she plays the teen, her dad, her mom and her teacher all at once.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Selena as a student:
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Selena as her dad:
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Selena as her mom:
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Selena as the other woman:
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
And though the plot features her dad pursuing Selena's teacher, the end comes with an interesting twist. It turns out she's in love with her, too.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
After the vid ends, Gomez also teases a clip from her next project: a single and video titled "Fetish."
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Selena Gomez Vevo / YouTube
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Watch Selena's "Bad Liar" film below.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Council workers have removed the equivalent of 17 wheelie bins full of rubbish left behind by travellers on Stapleford recreation ground.
South Cambridgeshire District Council has been providing Stapleford Parish Council with advice and assistance since Friday night (August 11), when a group of caravans pulled onto the green.
The land is owned by Stapleford Parish Council, who served an eviction notice on the group requiring them to move on.
The last caravan then left the site yesterday (August 13) afternoon.
A joint clean-up operation has since been taking place, with council workers, the parish council and villagers working together to bag-up rubbish left behind and remove it.
The council has also provided Stapleford Parish Council with details of specialist contractors who can remove animal and human waste which has been deposited onto the site.
South Cambridgeshire District Council leader, Cllr Peter Topping, said: “As soon as the parish council contacted us our officers immediately sprang into action and provided them with the support and advice they needed to resolve the situation at this picturesque green space.
“Our advice meant the parish council could begin to take the steps needed to remove the illegal caravans from their land.
“We have already helped take away the equivalent of 17 wheelie bins full of rubbish from the recreation ground and are continuing to work closely with Stapleford Parish Council to return it to its previous state.
“As a council we are able to provide advice and information to our parish colleagues when they are dealing with situations like this on land that they are responsible for.
“I'd like to pay tribute to our staff who have been working on the clean-up, and also the volunteers from Stapleford that have given up their time to tidy up mess left by others on their recreation ground.”
A council clean-up crew will return to Stapleford tomorrow to attempt to remove waste from the children's playground area, which was cordoned off during their visit to the site earlier today.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
A photo of needles shared on social media in front of an Anderson Way business has sparked community outrage. (Vernon Rant and Rave image)
Vernon residents are upset with number of needles being found around town with spring melt
An abundance of needles springing up around Vernon, B.C. has the public outraged with safety concerns.
The snow melt is revealing discarded needles in various locations around town – including Anderson Way, near the Civic Arena and walking trails around town.
And it's not just Vernon.
“Last time I was in Vernon at a school playground with my daughter we found needles littered around the school yard. It is a terrifying site when you have little ones playing near this trash,” said Zachary Linderman. “I hope a solution is found for the small group of people doing this!”
See related: Needles found at school
According to Interior Health: “Anyone using a needle to inject should dispose of it safely. However, that's not always the case, and sometimes discarded needles and drug paraphernalia are found in public areas.”
Therefore those who are cleaning up needles are urged to use safe needle disposal.
– Do not try to replace the cap on the needle, snap, break or bend the needle.
– Pick up needle using work or latex gloves and tongs or tweezers, holding needle point away from you.
– Put the needle in a metal or hard plastic container that has a lid, such as a product or drink bottle.
– Replace cap on container firmly and label it.
– Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water.
– Drop off the sealed container at your local health unit or at a community drop box.
The city of Vernon recently released an warning about debris being uncovered with spring melt.
See Spring melt can uncover hazards
newsroom@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Washington Wizards forward Markieff Morris was one of the team's chief instigators both on the court and in the media during their Eastern Conference semifinal matchup against the Boston Celtics.
This offseason, however, the Celtics made a move that could potentially mollify Morris: They dealt Avery Bradley to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Morris' twin brother Marcus Morris.
The move, of course, had nothing to do with Markieff. It was in large part to open up salary space to sign Gordon Hayward to a max deal, and also to add yet another versatile forward in Marcus Morris, who is on a very comfortable contract.
Still, Markieff Morris told Ben Standig of FanRag Sports that the rivalry might be slightly more friendly now.
But only slightly.
"I think it will be a liiiittle bit softer than it was, just a little bit," Morris told Standig. "I think we'll still have that rivalry because we don't like those guys and they don't like us. I don't have that should change with my brother on the team."
The 2017 NBA playoffs featured plenty of blowouts. The Cleveland Cavaliers rolled to the NBA Finals, losing just one game (to the Celtics). The eventual champion Golden State Warriors, meanwhile, very nearly went four-four-four-four -- sweeping their way to the Finals, where they took down Cleveland in five games.
But the Wizards and Celtics played a hyper-competitive seven-game series that was hailed as one of the most entertaining of the playoffs. By the end, there had been a ton of pushing and shoving, one showdown between a pair of Kellys, several NSFW chants from Celtics fans at the TD Garden, and plenty of barbs exchanged via the media. Markieff Morris is right: These teams don't like each other, and they will both be extremely competitive this season.
But perhaps acquiring Marcus Morris will be just enough to keep the Christmas Day game between the Celtics and Wizards from turning ugly. After all, Christmas is all about family.
In response to the drastic reduction in population of monarch butterflies, and to support other pollinator populations as well, the City of Columbia with the support of 3M, Missouri Department of Conservation, and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is restoring 15+ acres of monarch habitat. Currently, the City has chosen three demonstration sites along the MKT trail, Twin Lakes Park, and Gans Creek Recreation Area.
To enhance these sites for monarchs and other pollinators the City and its partners have been busy preparing the sites for seeding next winter. Site preparation entails removing all existing nonnative and invasive vegetation using herbicides, controlled fire, and mowing.
Kurukshetra/New Delhi: Next to a sprawling mango orchard, a four-hour drive from the capital, birds peck on worms emerging from rotting potatoes heaped by the wayside. The shade of giant mango trees offers relief from the heat of this hot summer day, but the stench is unbearable.
It is here at Mangoli, in Haryana's Kurukshetra district, that four dejected farmers abandoned over half-a-tonne of potatoes a week ago, unable to find buyers who would pay them a decent price. Some of the tuber has melted into a muddy slush, while the rest decay under stacks of hay.
Sukhpal Singh takes out a sales receipt: The 43 quintals of potatoes he sold at a local mandi (wholesale market) on 25 May got him Rs900, it shows. After paying labour charges and agents' fees, he was left with Rs380—meaning the potatoes fetched him a paltry 9 paisas per kilo, against at least Rs3 required to grow one kilo. Singh left the rest of his harvest near the Mangoli orchard, never to return to the mandi.
Potato farmer Sukhpal Singh's harvest was sold at a paltry 9 paisas per kg in the wholesale market.
At the Shahabad mandi some 10km away, another farmer found a more novel use for his unsold harvest. Every morning, Jasbir Singh stations a mini-truck loaded with potatoes at the mandi. On Monday, a political party used it as a prop during its protests, demanding a loan waiver and better crop prices. (Last week, it was a local farmers' union, of which Jasbir Singh is a member, that dumped the potatoes on the road.) Towards the evening, poor women labourers at the mandi forage the heap to take home the tubers for free—a contrast to images from Maharashtra where farmers making a similar set of demands— remunerative prices and a loan forgiveness—spilt milk and threw vegetables on the road earlier this month.
Jasbir Singh, who owns 40 acres in Haryana—the cradle of India's green revolution, known for its agricultural prosperity—says he lost over Rs10 lakh this potato season. Over the past few years, his debt has grown to Rs58 lakh.
On Monday, a crowd of farmers gathered around Gurnam Singh, a state-level leader of the Bhartiya Kisan Union, a farmers' association. A week ago, they had dumped their produce on the street, to press their demand that the state government purchase all of their sunflower seeds at state-set prices. Today, even as they discuss their next course of action, they point fingers at an array of problems.
Gurnam Singh (sporting the orange turban), a leader of the Bhartiya Kisan Union from Kurukshetra, discussing farmer protests.
A 7% jump in potato output in 2016-17 over the preceding year caused a crash in prices. When the withdrawal of high-value currency notes in November dried up cash, traders negotiated even lower prices. Policies such as allowing cheap edible oil imports hurt domestic prices of sunflower seeds, which sell at Rs2,600 a quintal against state-set prices of Rs3,950.
“Like farmers in other states, we are in dire need of a loan waiver and want higher crop support prices in line with the recommendations of the M.S. Swaminathan commission (at 50% over costs of production),” said Gurnam Singh, the farmers' association leader. “Instead, banks were pasting photos of defaulting farmers inside their premises. Our prime minister promised a loan waiver in Uttar Pradesh before the elections. Maharashtra has announced one. Why should farmers from Haryana, ruled by the same Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), be left behind?” he asks.
Singh has other complaints as well. Input-intensive farm practices, he said, have led to rising costs, which are not reflected in the costs calculated by the centre while deciding minimum support prices. Even as ground water levels fall at an alarming rate, there are no incentives for farmers to diversify away from water-intensive rice and wheat to more sustainable pulses, which also nurture the soil.
India's new policy of inflation-targeting—in which the government sets an inflation target and authorises the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to take steps to meet that target—too comes in for Singh's ire. “The government provides the bare minimum to farmers to continue growing food and does nothing when prices crash, as it wants the food cheap,” Singh complains. Inflation-targeting is denting farm incomes and leading to higher indebtedness, he says.
On 16 June, Singh's union, along with 62 others from states such as Madhya Pradesh—where five farmers died in police firing on protestors on 6 June—and Uttar Pradesh are planning to block national highways. Singh's goal is to bring traffic to a standstill on the NH1, a busy route linking Delhi to Chandigarh, the capital of Haryana and Punjab.
Interestingly, the problems in Haryana are strikingly similar to those faced by farmers in Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. (Both Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have faced droughts in 2016 while the rest of the country received normal rainfall.)
While some of the problems are due to recent policy decisions—like the note ban depressing crop prices or India importing large quantities of pulses despite a bumper crop—others are more structural.
For instance, potatoes sell below Rs1 per kg in Haryana, while consumers in neighbouring Delhi shell out Rs15-20 per kg. On Monday, wholesale prices of potatoes were Rs5 per kg in Delhi's Azadpur mandi.
“This means traders and retailers are making merry at the cost of farmers,” said Ramandeep Mann, a Delhi-based engineer-turned-farm activist. “While the centre keeps trumpeting that the electronic National Agriculture Market (eNAM) helped farmers get better prices, it is yet to take off.”
Shahabad mandi in Kurukshetra is among the 417 wholesale markets in 13 states connected to the online eNAM platform which Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched in April last year, promising it would enable farmers to sell anywhere in India and get better prices.
Shahabad mandi in Kurukshetra is among the 417 wholesale markets in 13 states connected to the eNAM platform which PM Narendra Modi launched in April last year.
There has been no inter- or intra-state sale of farm produce through eNAM, said an official at the Shahabad mandi, requesting not to be identified. “We are just uploading physical trade as online entries on the platform. Electronic trade has not kicked off as traders like to physically inspect the produce before they purchase, and farmers are usually reluctant to sell to traders in distant mandis due to fear of payment defaults.”
One way to ensure quality is to set up assaying labs where harvest is graded before it is auctioned online. The Shahabad mandi bought the necessary equipment, after the centre gave each mandi financial assistance of Rs75 lakh. But the mandi has no technical staff to operate it, and the equipment gathers dust in a room, unpacked and unused.
For 55-year-old Karnail Singh, a farmer from Mangoli and a regular at the Shahabad mandi, the National Agriculture Market means nothing more than the giant sign board that came up some months back. A landless farmer, Singh took 10 acres of land on lease at Rs42,000 per acre to grow potatoes, prompted by the higher wholesale prices they fetched last year. By his own calculations, he lost Rs9 lakh in one season.
“It will take him at least five years of good harvest and reasonable prices—and that is highly unlikely—to go back to the position when he planted his crop last December; that's about the risk farming entails today,” said Mann, the farm activist who travelled with this writer to Kurukshetra.
Perched on a plank of wood next to the mango orchard in Mangoli, a broken Karnail Singh counts his loans. Being a tenant farmer, all of his Rs10-lakh loan is sourced from local moneylenders. A waiver of bank loans cannot rescue him, Singh knows. “Perhaps taking my own life will.”
This is the third part of Mint's series, Fractured Farms - II that will capture the ongoing agrarian crisis in the country through a mix of on-ground reports, opinion pieces, and data analyses. It follows Fractured Farms, a similar series Mint ran in 2015.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 5:28 Lavonte Valentine junior season highlights Pause 2:00 Reaction: Gamecocks getting confident player in Dakereon Joyner 1:25 Relationships big for Jaycee Horn in recruiting process 0:52 Deshaun Fenwick has high praise for South Carolina experience 1:02 Muschamp: Spring, summer key to recruiting efforts 2:11 Expect Javon Kinlaw to have immediate impact on Gamecocks' defense 1:43 For Jamyest Williams, will it be South Carolina or Georgia? 1:10 Phil Kornblut: Key storylines for USC on signing day 1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail 3:02 Phil Kornblut: The strengths of USC's 2017 recruiting class Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
USC coach Will Muschamp has an answer for parents who wonder why he's so positive about other schools during the recruiting process. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
USC coach Will Muschamp has an answer for parents who wonder why he's so positive about other schools during the recruiting process. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
The Beehive brings 1960s Mad Men-era vibes to the Mission
Photo: Andrew Calisterio Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 The Bikini Drifter with Havana Club Blanco, Mount Gay Black Barrel, coconut, pineapple, and anchan chamomile falernum. The Bikini Drifter with Havana Club Blanco, Mount Gay Black Barrel, coconut, pineapple, and anchan chamomile falernum. Photo: Andrew Calisterio Image 2 of 3 The Hound Dog with peanut-washed Bulleit bourbon, oloroso, vermouth, and caramelized banana. The Hound Dog with peanut-washed Bulleit bourbon, oloroso, vermouth, and caramelized banana. Photo: Andrew Calisterio Image 3 of 3 The Ipanema Gold with chacaca, mango, lime and yogurt. The Ipanema Gold with chacaca, mango, lime and yogurt. Photo: Andrew Calisterio The Beehive brings 1960s Mad Men-era vibes to the Mission 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
San Francisco's new 1960s-inspired cocktail spot the Beehive will make its Mission District debut today in the former home of the neighborhood's beloved Range restaurant on Valencia.
The colorful new hangout is a joint collaboration between a handful of industry veterans including Arnold Eric Wong (E&O Kitchen), Steve Werney (Teutonic Construction), and Phil West (Range), a group that also happens to be behind the Financial District cocktail bar the Treasury.
Aesthetically, the Beehive is a symbol of 1960s opulence — 2,300 square feet of chandeliers, gold wallpaper and mirrored walls with printed glass.
Emilio Salehi (The Treasury, Whitechapel, Mourad) was tasked with putting together a menu befitting the motif. Opening night offerings include cocktails like the Gemini (Tang-based slushy with vodka and manzanilla sherry) and the Elvis-inspired Hound Dog (peanut-washed Bulleit bourbon, oloroso, vermouth, caramelized banana). Highballs are in the mix on a separate menu.
The Beehive wouldn't be complete without food, so the kitchen is similarly themed, full of retro dishes like fondue. Lots and lots of fondue. Check out the menus here.
The Beehive: 842 Valencia St.; Hours: Mon-Tues-Wed: 5 p.m. to 12 a.m., Thurs: 5 p.m. to 2 a.m., Fri and Sat: 3 p.m. to 2 a.m., Sun: 2 p.m. to 10 p.m.; thebeehivesf.com
Justin Phillips is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jphillips@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JustMrPhillips
TRAINER'S ROOM
Nationals: OF Adam Eaton (ankle) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend, manager Dave Martinez said. ... OF Brian Goodwin (wrist) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg, Martinez said. ... Ryan Zimmerman (oblique) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he's ready to go on a rehab assignment.
Orioles: Closer Zach Britton (Achilles tendon) launched his rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington, his first game action since Sept. 18. The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side.
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after his wife gave birth to a boy, Oliver, early Wednesday. Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.
A STAR IS BORN
After just 10 games in the majors, Soto is batting .375 and on Tuesday became the youngest player to be intentionally walked since Ken Griffey Jr. in 1995. He hit in the leadoff spot for the first time Wednesday and went 1 for 4.
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent his entire big-league career with Washington, but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final. While Martinez conducted his pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey, Harper's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at his locker. "Hopefully, I'll get to go Game 4 in D.C.," Harper said.
UP NEXT
Nationals: In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East, Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) seeks his eighth career win against the Braves' Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) on Thursday night.
Orioles: Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07) faces the Yankees' Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum has claimed a 'sexist ghost of a dead Freemason growled at her' as she prayed for her own safety while ghosthunting at a 300-year-old country house.
Rebecca Palmer, 34, was exploring the property with her husband, Sean Reynolds, also 34, when she says she started to experience nausea and a burning sensation in her eyes.
Convinced an evil spirit was trying to get her to leave the spooky old property in Liverpool, Merseyside, Rebecca prayed for safety and placed a protective crystal bracelet on her wrist.
Enraged by the mum-of-three's attempts to defend herself, the ghost then let out a 'demonic' snarl, according to Rebecca.
The incident was all captured in Footage by Sean and Rebecca, who were filming for their paranormal investigation series Ghost Dimension.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
After looking into Woolton Hall's history as a meeting place for the Freemasons, Rebecca is certain the spiteful spook was a former member of the secret society determined to uphold the 'no women' rule.
Rebecca, of Liverpool, Merseyside, said: "I got this horrible feeling as soon as we went into the building and as we climbed the stairs it was getting worse and worse.
"I had a knot in my stomach and felt really sick. At one point my eyes even started burning and I felt this pressure on my neck like something was trying to push me out.
"I was really scared. I have never felt anything like it. I remember even telling Sean that if it got any worse I was going to have to leave.
"I genuinely feared for my safety. I could tell there was some kind of negative presence around and I was worried it would try to take hold of me.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
"I said a little prayer for protection and I was so relieved when Andy, our cameraman, said he had some crystals I could wear.
"As soon as I put them on my wrist there was this awful sound like a demonic growl - growling is never a good sign in my opinion.
"When I first heard it I thought 'I'm out of here', I was close to quitting. It was really terrifying.
"This evil spirit was obviously not happy at all that I was trying to protect myself.
"It was only myself and our camera lady Jane who were being targeted by the ghost. It clearly had an issue with women.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
"As we got into the basement Jane wasn't well at all. She turned white as a sheet and she was sick. She had to get out of there.
"With the hall having been used as a meeting place for the Freemasons for so long, I'm sure the spirit making us suffer was that of a mason.
"Women aren't allowed in the Freemasons so I think this presence was trying to uphold those rules. And he was willing to use any method to get us out of there."
First built in 1702, Woolton Hall is praised as the finest example of Robert Adams' work in northern England after extensive renovations by the influential architect in 1772.
During its 300-year history, the building has been the residence of a number of notable figures, including the Earl of Sefton and Liverpool shipowner Frederick Richard Leylands.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
In the late 20th century the Grade I-listed mansion went through a number of uses, acting as a hospital during WWII, being used for meetings by the Freemasons and eventually becoming a school.
Armed with the knowledge of reported hauntings, Sean and Rebecca set out to explore the historic hall last month - and the couple claim they were joined by multiple entities that night.
Sean said: "When the former owner John lived at the property, he claimed that while in the mansion's cellar he often saw a monk-like figure standing there staring back at him.
"There is also a report that over 100 years ago, a pregnant lady sadly fell down the stairs inside the home and lost her baby. It is believed that she still walks up and down the stairs, perhaps reliving the tragic accident.
"Armed with this information and knowing that so many people have passed through the doors of Woolton Hall, Ghost Dimension had to investigate the claims and find out if we could identify what is haunting the mansion.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
"We had absolutely no idea what to expect and as we investigated the second floor of the mansion, we could hear what sounded like running throughout the building.
"A member of our crew, Paul, had to constantly go out to check no one had broken in and every time he came back to tell us there was no evidence of any intruders.
"We started to follow the noises which appeared to be coming from the top floor, the same floor used in masonic meetings.
"Bex started to feel very uneasy, which we understood, as during the period the building was very male orientated.
"I knew John and a psychic medium had completed a seance in the hall in the past and I wonder if it opened a gateway to the spirit realm letting ghostly beings into the building.
"As soon as Bex placed the crystal bracelet on her wrist we all heard the most terrifying growl, which was so clear we knew that something was very close by and appeared to be angered.
"Whatever made this demonic growl, clearly had some bad intentions with Bex and was not happy that she had protected herself from it.
"Whatever is haunting Woolton Hall did not like the presence of the females and made it very clear."
Food City has named Rick Bishop VP of store operations for its Chattanooga Division. Bishop brings more than 34 years of industry experience to the newly created position.
“We're really excited about the opportunity for Rick to lead our newly formed Chattanooga Division. Rick is a proven leader, having grown up with our company, served as district manager and promoted so many of his associates into key roles throughout our organization. He will bring a keen insight to this new role and will become an active member of the Greater Chattanooga community,” said Food City President and CEO Steven C. Smith.
Born and raised in Rogersville, Tennessee, Bishop began his career when he was 18 years old, accepting a position as courtesy clerk for Super Dollar Markets, which was later acquired by Food City. He quickly was promoted through the ranks, serving as cashier, front-end manager, bakery manager, seafood manager and assistant store manager. Within five years, he secured his first assignment as store manager and managed 10 locations over the next 16 years. In June 2004, he was promoted to his most recent position as district manager, responsible for the operation of 13 Food City locations and two convenience stores throughout Tennessee's Washington, Green, Carter and Sullivan counties.
Bishop's new duties include oversight of store operations for Food City's Chattanooga-based division, which is comprised of 27 Food City locations, as well as the company's pharmacy and Gas n' Go fuel centers.
“I have really enjoyed my time as a district manager for the Tri-Cities region, working with so many outstanding people that I am fortunate to call my friends,” said Bishop. “I'm looking forward to starting my new responsibilities in the Chattanooga market and having the opportunity to work with the great team of associates we have there and meeting many of our loyal customers.”
Bishop is an active member of his local community, having served with the Rogersville Optimist Club, Newport Kiwanis Club, Morristown Optimist Club, Rogersville Chamber of Commerce, Gray Community Chest, Johnson City Salvation Army, United Way of Johnson City, Niswonger Children's Hospital, East Tennessee State University, two-time member of the Johnson City Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors and a number of other organizations and activities. He is a 1982 graduate of Cherokee High School and attended Walters State Community College and the University of Tennessee. Bishop currently resides in Gray with his wife Vicki; he has three children, Lindsey, Derrick and Alexis.
Caledonia Warriors sophomore guard Noah King has been a man on fire the past two weeks. King poured in a career high 34 points to lead Caledonia to the Subsection title against St. Charles, and then 27 points in the Section Title game against Byron.
"That's the best we've shot it all year, and that's a great game to do it in -- the game to go to state," said Noah King. "Our routine was probably about the same as it's been all year. We did the same things, and I guess it was just a special night."
Noah is the younger brother of Owen King, a Mr. Basketball finalist this season. Head coach and father Brad King thinks the sibling relationship has made Noah the athlete he is today.
"He's very competitive for one, and that probably comes from having an older brother beating you up some, and pushing you around," Brad King said. "But I think Noah maybe gives us a little bit of toughness. He's more willing to bang and knock people around a little more than the average basketball player."
King has been playing his best basketball of his career, but the sophomore star credits his teammates for his successes.
"As I've been playing great, everyone else also has," he said. "It's easy to play your best basketball when everyone else is making shots, and, about the points being scored, with the teammates, it's easier to score when everyone else is making three pointers and they can't double you."
King already has received a Division I Basketball offer from South Dakota State, and hopes to continue his basketball career at the next level.
"I'd like to play college basketball somewhere, hopefully at the highest level I can. Right now, basketball is my favorite sport -- it probably always has been -- and that's probably what I'd like to play in college."
For now, though, King is focused on helping the Warriors bring a State Championship back Caledonia. Noah King, of the Caledonia Warriors, is this week's KTTC NewsCenter Sports Athlete of the Week.
OTTAWA — Disgruntled Ottawa Senators fans want team owner Eugene Melnyk to know exactly how they feel, and their message is hard to miss.
Four billboards with the message #MelnykOut went up at four different locations across the city Monday thanks to a GoFundMe campaign that raised more than $10,000 in less than a month.
The fund was started by fan Spencer Callaghan, whose growing frustration with Melnyk reached a breaking point after rumours began to swirl that captain Erik Karlsson might be traded.
On the GoFundMe page launched Feb. 23, Callaghan wrote: "Eugene Melnyk has decided that he would rather tear the team down and sell it for spare parts than admit he can no longer run it effectively. Sen fans and the city of Ottawa need to step up to save a pillar of this community."
He said billboards are a way for fans to be heard, and he feels that the current regime has driven players and front office staff away.
"One of the big things I was trying to do was get some attention for the fans message," said Callaghan on Monday afternoon.
"The really clear message I want to get through is this is not about this season, this is not about a bad season. This is about Daniel Alfredsson leaving, twice, this is about why Kyle Turris left, this is about why Mr. Leeder left, why Mr. Anselmi left. This is about a series of decisions over a long period of time."
Not everyone agrees with what Callaghan is doing, but says he felt compelled to take action because of his passion for the Senators.
"I really don't think the ship has sailed on Mr. Melnyk turning this around, I truly don't believe that it's impossible at this point," Callaghan said. "But it requires some collaboration, it requires some humility and it requires some listening and I haven't seen any desire on the part of the organization to do that."
The Twitter hashtag #MelnykOut was launched in December by a fan after the Senators owner threatened to relocate the team if he didn't see better fan support. Melnyk's comments were made the night before the first-ever outdoor game in Ottawa and set off a firestorm on social media from outraged fans.
Christian McCaffrey is rolling along, but the rest of Carolina's 2017 draft class is lagging behind.
It's not their own fault, though. Injuries have taken their toll on the rest of this year's rookies.
Wide receiver Curtis Samuel has missed a lot of time with hamstring, back and ankle issues and cornerback Corn Elder never even really got started before he was shut down and sent to injured reserve with a knee injury.
Now you can scratch another rookie off the roster.
According to a release by the team, defensive end Daeshon Hall has been placed on injured reserve, ending his season.
The defensive end, selected in the third round of the 2017 NFL Draft, has been placed on injured reserve with a knee injury. The Panthers filled his spot on the 53-man roster by signing safety Dezmen Southward off their practice squad.
Hall was Carolina's third-round pick this year and only played sparingly Week 1. Hopefully 2018 goes better for him and Elder. As for Southward, he will help fill the void while Kurt Coleman is out, in addition to recent free agent signing Jairus Byrd.
Wide receiver Damiere Byd was also placed on injured reserve earlier this week.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique had to be restrained by three people as he tried to remonstrate with a Spanish television journalist after his side's 4-0 humiliation by Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League .
The Asturian coach had been visibly angered by questions during the interview about his tactics and after it finished he came back to shout at TV3's Jordi Grau.
Journalist Susana Guasch, of Atresmedia witnessed the incident and said: “Three people had to hold Luis Enrique back because he was going for Jordi Grau again.
“[Luis Enrique] was saying ‘Don't touch me! Don't touch me!' and said ‘Let's see if you use that tone again when we win'.”
The coach had ended his interview with Grau by storming off and insisting that he was being treated unfairly.
"You must not have seen the game very well, because we changed formation," he said, berating Grau.
"We moved from a 4-3-3 to a 4-2-3-1, trying to change [things] and above all to move Leo [Messi] inside more, with more freedom.
"We could have stood on our heads today and it would have been the same. I repeat, I'm responsible for this so don't look for anyone else to blame.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
"But I don't like the tone and I would have liked the same treatment all the times we have won that I am getting tonight when we haven't."
The coach was widely criticised by Spanish media for his behaviour both during the interview and after it.
Diario Sport director Ernest Folch wrote a column which criticised the coach and said: “Luis Enrique once again focused his anger on a journalist, yesterday it was Jordi Grau.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: REUTERS)
The coach has a tendency to blame journalists and journalism for everything bad that happens.
“Luis Enrique is making am mistake when he tries to invent enemies that don't exist, in the style of [Jose] Mourinho. His only worry should be making some severe self-criticism to fund the errors and get to the second leg with the chance to mount a comeback.
"The team played in Paris without a coach, he was very active in front of the microphones but invisible by the pitch.”
Brighton stars celebrate promotion by crowd-surfing on the train
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brighton's stars celebrated promotion to the Premier League on Easter Monday by crowd-surfing on the train back to the city centre with the club's fans.
The Seagulls beat Wigan earlier in the day 2-1 - thanks to goals from Glenn Murray and Solly March - to all but gain access to England's top tier.
And official confirmation came only two hours later after Huddersfield drew 1-1 against Derby County.
The late equaliser at Pride Park sparked wild scenes at the Amex for the fans that had stuck around, and even more so for those catching the train back to the city centre.
Accompanied by a few of the south coast club's stars, the fans can be seen partying their way into town.
Jamie Murphy, Jiri Skalak and Oliver Norwood then took it in turns to crowd-surf down the carriage, much to the fans' delight.
LOS ANGELES Kym Johnson and Robert Herjavec have something to dance about.
The former "Dancing with the Stars" partners have welcomed twins into the world.
Johnson posted on Instagram that their "little angels" were born on Monday morning. The 41-year-old says she never thought her heart could feel so full.
The couple had previously announced they were expecting a boy and a girl. They did not reveal their names.
CAMBRIDGE — A young girl received minor injuries after she was hit by a vehicle on Langs Drive Thursday evening.
Police say she was running across the road between parked cars around 7 p.m. when she got into the path of a Dodge Ram and was struck.
The girl was taken to Cambridge Memorial Hospital with minor injuries.
Police say charges will not be laid.
A fire broke out at Badger Corrugating in La Crosse.
According to our sister station, WXOW, the La Crosse Fire Department responded to a call made by the building materials store around 10 a.m. Friday morning. When they arrived at the company's 1801 West Ave South location, crew found a fire that originated in the paint booth area and got up into the duct work.
The fire was extinguished by 11:20 a.m.
All employees were evacuated. One person was transported for unknown injuries.
La Crosse Fire Chief Ken Gilliam says a mechanical issue is believed to be the known cause.
Green Bay Street is closed down from West Avenue to South Avenue as crews remain on scene.
Badger Corrugated has no comment at this time.
Gunfire On South University, No Injuries, Two Arrested Copyright 2018 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2018 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2018 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -- Police are investigating a large fight involving gunfire Tuesday in a shopping center parking lot.
Officers responded to gunfire around 4:45 p.m. Tuesday at a shopping center in the 4900 block of South University.
Two women say they were approached by a speeding Dodge Charger as they exited a store.
The women went back in the store and heard shote being fired.
Witnesses say multiple cars were involved, including one with children inside.
The fight allegedly carried over from a dispute at an elementary school.
As a result of the investigation, two arrests have been made.
35-year-old Calvin Shavers of North Little Rock is charged with wight counts of committing a terroristic act.
23-year-old Rhakelle Brown of Little Rock faces three counts of second degree battery and one count of third degree battery.
Brown and Shavers are being held without bond.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United fans are convinced Anthony Martial is staying at the club, despite his agent saying he wants to move on.
After making a blistering start, the French forward fell out of favour with Jose Mourinho towards the end of last season, especially following the arrival of Alexis Sanchez.
His time at the club looked certain to come to an end after his agent revealed he wants to leave.
However, United fans now think the 22-year-old could be staying following a hint from the club's official Twitter account.
The Red Devils were promoting their pre-season tour and uploaded a picture of Anthony Martial celebrating.
United captioned the post with: "Look at Anthony Martial's face and tell us you don't want to watch MUFC across the pond this summer."
The club clearly seem to expect Martial to take part in pre-season, and this got Unitd fans excited.
One support tweeted: "Is this the Manchester United official Twitter telling us Anthony Martial is staying?
Another posted: "He's f****** staying!!!"
"After thinking about all the possibilities and settings, Anthony wants to leave Manchester United," Martial's agent Philippe Lamboley told RMC Sport last month.
"Anthony is sad about his situation at Manchester.
"He loves the club and the fans, he showed it for three years. Without the great support from the fans, he would have already asked to leave the club.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Reuters)
"It is important to remember that this season he scored 11 goals and gave ten assists in five months.
"He was named player of the month three times by the fans. Then the January transfer window came. I will not comment on the consequences of this transfer window. Everyone will have his opinion, I think he must take back control of his career. The time has come."
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding her the symbolic $1 she was countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
Syria – ISIS Is Defeated – The U.S. Is Next In Line by Dr Paul Craig Roberts
Support Your Website
Is the US really a superpower or just the biggest collection of stupidity on the planet?
Washington has already lost the Syrian war once. Now it is about to lose it a second time.
A few days ago the president of Russia, Vladimir Putin, declared a “complete victory” in Syria:
“Two hours ago, the (Russian) defense minister reported to me that the operations on the eastern and western banks of the Euphrates have been completed with the total rout of the terrorists.”
The Iranian commander of the forces which support the Syrian and Iraqi governments sent a note to the U.S. to let Washington know that any remaining U.S. forces in Syria will be fought down:
“The commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corp Brigadier General Haj Qassem Soleimani sent a verbal letter, via Russia, to the head of the US forces commander in Syria, advising him to pull out all US forces to the last soldier ‘or the doors of hell will open up.'”
“My message to the US military command: when the battle against ISIS (the Islamic State group) will end, no American soldier will be tolerated in Syria. I advise you to leave by your own will or you will be forced to it.” http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/48387.htm
According to reports, Russia has confirmed that Iran will stay in Syria as long as Syrian President Assad, who insists on liberating all of Syria without exception for the Americans, decides. Washington's plan to occupy a corner of Syria and revive ISIS is dead in the water, as will be all US troops sacrificed to this purpose.
According to reports, CIA director Mike Pompeo sent a letter to Soleimani expressing his concern about Iran's intention to attack American interests, declaring Washington “will hold Soleimani and Iran accountable for any attack.”
According to reports the CIA's letter had no effect and was treated with total contempt:
“Mohammad Mohammadi Golpayegani, a senior aid to the Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei confirmed Pompeo's attempt to send a letter but said ‘Soleimani refused to read it or to take it because he has nothing further to add.' Sources in the area believe it is not unlikely that Kurdish troops – operating in al-Hasakah and who are faithful to the government of Damascus – are willing to be spearheaded against the US forces. Many of these troops remained loyal to Syria: they reject any occupation forces on its land or the partition of the country.”
There are references to 1983 events where hundreds of US Marines and French paratroopers were killed following double suicide attacks by Islamists in Beirut. As a consequence of these attacks, the American forces left in a rush. The future could well mirror this past event. http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/48388.htm
Possibly this is fake news. If not, we must accept that the humiliation that the United States, its government and its peoples have suffered is the work of the Neoconservatives and their doctrine of American World Hegemony. It is the Neoconservatives who caused the US to be at war with Muslims for 16 years. It is the Neoconservatives acting through Obama and Hillary who brought America to humiliating defeat in Syria.
There are only a handful of these neoconservatives. Why do Americans tolerate them?
Why doesn't Trump have them arrested? They are anti-American, pro-Israel to the core. The Neoconservatives are the worst enemy of Americans and of all mankind.
It looks like the Russians have had enough of Washington's arrogance. https://www.rt.com/news/412590-russia-us-syria-air-force/
Russian general Konashenkov, whose Su-35 chased away the inferior US F-22 that was attempting to interfere with a Russian attack on ISIS said that any claims made by US military officials concerning the fact that there is “any part of the airspace in Syria that belongs to the US” are “puzzling.” Konashenkov also said that “Syria is a sovereign state and a UN member and that means that there can be no US airspace ‘of its own.' Unlike the Russian Air Force, the US-led coalition is operating in Syria without any legal basis.”
Will Washington realize that it has squandered its leadership in the Middle East and go home, or will Washington bring more humiliation upon America?
loading...
Sharing is caring!
If A School Becomes A Shelter In Puerto Rico, Where Do Students Learn?
Enlarge this image toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
A jittery group of middle schoolers are about to start their first day of classes since September, when Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico and totally disrupted the island's school system.
The vast majority of the island's public schools — more than 98 percent — are open for at least part of the day, according to Puerto Rico's Department of Education.
But a small number of schools in Puerto Rico are still not holding classes. Before today, that included the students of Liberata Iraldo. The middle school building they usually attend is being used as a shelter for people who lost their homes in the storm.
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Because of that, these students, dressed in their pale yellow and blue school uniforms, are about to start class at a nearby high school — Pedro Falu Orellano— in the Rio Grande, east of San Juan. The relocation has upset some parents, but the plan is moving ahead because it's not clear where the people living in the shelter will go next.
The last several weeks have been tough, with so many kids stuck at home until now. Many students say they've been bored, reading and playing. The area is still without power. It's not clear why it took more than two months to determine a relocation plan.
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Eleven-year-old Angelisbeth Maldonado says she hopes there will never be another hurricane. "I don't like going to new schools and learning lost material will be difficult," she says.
Her family learned she would be starting school at this new location just the day before. It's supposed to be temporary. Nearly 500 students are being relocated from the middle school.
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Less than a mile from the high school, mother Nadgie De Jesus is rallying with several dozen other parents, students and teachers in front of the middle school-turned-shelter. She's frustrated that her daughter's school is one of just three on the island still being used to house storm refugees. And she refuses to send her to the high school because she thinks it's unsafe.
"We need our school back, that's why we're here," she says. Her daughter, Kaylani, says she feels sad and misses her science and music classes. "I want to see my school again," she says.
Puerto Rico's Secretary of Education, Julia Keleher, says that they are trying to find solutions for schools across the island that have not yet been able to open.
Keleher says she's not completely happy with the quality of education some students are receiving, "but," she says "schools are open and there is teaching and learning that's happening."
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
At this new location, the middle and high school students will not overlap in hours, in order to avoid conflict, says regional director Sol Iris Ortiz Bruno.
"After carefully analyzing all factors to be considered, like adequate space, reasonable distance and school security, it is clear that Pedro Falu [high school] is the best choice," Bruno said in a statement. "Once all the refugees at the Liberata Hiraldo School are removed, both schools will return to regular operations."
Middle school teacher Noelanie Fuentes says she keeps hearing different dates about when the school will stop functioning as a shelter – the latest word is Dec. 15. She worries where the people sheltering there will go next.
Enlarge this image toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
"I don't want them to be thrown out on the street with nowhere to go," Fuentes says. In addition to three shelters-turned-schools, there are currently about three dozen other shelters operating in Puerto Rico.
The shelter at Liberata Iraldo middle school is hosting nearly 50 people — many sleeping in the classrooms. Stephanie Garcia is one of them, sheltering with her husband and four-year-old son.
The family came here after floodwaters destroyed their home, she says, and looters made off with their remaining possessions. They lost their car, too – which meant her husband lost his job.
"We have coped with living in these conditions, for the moment at least," she says. Their clothing dries on a line stretching across the classroom, where desks sit in a corner. They pushed several cots together to make a bed.
Garcia says that as a mother, she understands why parents want their middle school reopened. She says her family is happy to relocate – they just don't have anywhere to go.
BOSTON -- Boston Celtics head coach Brad Stevens' press conference Friday night concluded with a lighthearted moment when he jokingly threatened to suspend forward Marcus Morris over his Philadelphia Eagles fandom.
As Stevens finished up with reporters, Morris could be heard chanting "E-A-G-L-E-S" while walking by. The Philadelphia native, a big Eagles fan, has committed to wearing an Eagle jersey every day through the Super Bowl this weekend. But his outspoken Philly love has left him out of place in New England.
"Every time I get out of the car, I get a whole lot of haters," Morris said before the Celtics rolled the Atlanta Hawks, 119-110. "It is what it is. Can't expect anything else. I'm from Philly."
Morris appreciates the Eagles enough that he said he will not watch Sunday's Super Bowl with any Patriots fans.
"I think I'm just going to watch it with my family and a bunch of Eagles fans," Morris said. "I don't want to watch it with any Patriots fans because I feel like it's bad luck."
In Boston, they believe it's bad luck to run into Tom Brady in the Super Bowl.
Stevens knows the Celtics play in New England. So when Morris started his chant, the coach jokingly stuck up for the Pats.
"He'll be suspended," Stevens quipped.
July saw another record set for home sales in Grey-Bruce.
The Realtors Association of Grey Bruce Owen Sound reports that 314 homes were sold last month through its MLS System, a new record for the month.
It continues a year where monthly records for the number of homes sold have been a regular occurrence. Home sales in the region numbered 330 units in June, which tied the record set in June 2016 for the most homes sold during that month.
By comparison, 386 homes sold in Grey-Bruce in May, which smashed an all-time record that had just been set a month earlier when 314 homes sold in the month of April.
The 269 homes sold in March broke the record for number of homes sold in that month.
On a year-to-date basis, home sales totalled 1,878 units at the end of July, which is also a record for the period and is up 8.6 per cent from the same period in 2016.
The average price of all the homes sold in July was $298,380, which is up 13.43 per cent compared to July 2016. The year-to-date average price for the first seven months of the year was $290,735, rising 13.1 per cent from the first seven months of 2016.
There were 415 new residential listings on RAGBOS' MLS System in July, an increase of 0.7 per cent from July 2016.
Active residential listings totalled 905 units at the end of July, which was down 45 per cent from the same time last year and lowest July level on record.
The number of months of inventory stood at 2.9 at the end of July, down from 5.5 months a year earlier and well below the long-term average for the time of year.
The dollar value of all homes sold in July was $93.7 million, rising almost 20 per cent on a year-over-year basis and the highest value on record for the month of July.
Sales of all types of properties numbered 385 units in July 2017, up 7.5 per cent from the previous July. The total value of all properties sold in July 2017 was $107.9 million, rising 15.3 per cent from a year earlier.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. He visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller "some peace of mind."
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. He picked up his first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make his major league debut — on his 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. He pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on his birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
× Doctors announce first successful penis and scrotum transplant
The world's first successful total penis and scrotum transplant was completed at Johns Hopkins Hospital on March 26, according to a news release issued Monday.
The procedure lasted 14 hours and involved nine plastic surgeons, two urological surgeons and a team of anesthesiologists, nurses and surgical technicians, according to the release. The transplant recipient, who wished to remain anonymous, is a young US serviceman who sustained injuries to his lower pelvis, lower abdominal wall and lower extremities in an improvised explosive device blast while serving in Afghanistan.
“While war injuries cause great suffering, disfigurement, and disability, they have also provided the impetus for medical discoveries,” said Dr. W.P. Andrew Lee, chairman of the Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Johns Hopkins University and one of the surgeons in the case, in a news briefing.
“While extremity amputations are visible and resultant disability obvious, some war injuries are hidden and their impact not widely appreciated by others,” Lee added. “Genitourinary injury, where the male service members' external genitalia are lost or severely damaged, is one such ‘unspoken injury of war.' ”
In order to perform the transplant, the team had to obtain the necessary tissues — consisting of a penis, scrotum, and part of the lower abdominal wall — from a deceased donor, according to Dr. Rick Redett, clinical director of the Johns Hopkins genitourinary transplant program and another surgeon on the case.
“To perform the transplant, we procured the necessary tissue from the donor to restore normal anatomy in the recipient,” Redett said in a statement.
During the procedure, three arteries, four veins, and two nerves were connected under microscopic guidance in order to provide adequate blood flow and sensation to the transplanted tissue, Redett said.
According to Lee, the transplant serves as the culmination of over five years of research and collaboration between multiple medical disciplines at Johns Hopkins.
“In 2013, we assembled a team of plastic surgeons, urologists, transplant specialists, psychologists and bioethicists and began the preparation for genitourinary transplantation,” he said.
“We performed multiple surgical rehearsals of transplant in cadavers. We took notes of what we learned, refined our techniques and devised a plan for both graft procurement and transplantation.”
In 2014, the first successful penis transplant was performed in South Africa by a team of physicians at Stellenbosch University in Cape Town and Tygerberg Hospital. But the current case is the first to include transplantation of the scrotum and parts of the lower abdominal wall, according to Lee.
The transplant is an example of a type of procedure called vascularized composite allotransplantation, or VCA. VCA refers to the transplantation of multiple types of tissue such as skin, muscle and bone, according to the American Society of Transplantation. The term often refers to the transplantation of body parts such as arms, hands, faces and — now — genitals.
“These life-changing VCA transplants can only occur when a donor family looks past their grief and gives to someone in need,” said Alexandra Glazier, president of New England Donor Services, in a statement.
New England Donor Services is a federally designated organization that helps to coordinate organ and tissue transplants in the Northeast region, according to Glazier.
“Since 2009, New England Donor Services has requested and received permission 13 times from families for VCA donation resulting in the transplant of 19 VCA grafts,” she added. “In this case, we worked closely with our colleagues at the Living Legacy Foundation, the organ procurement organization serving most of Maryland, to facilitate and coordinate the recovery of this unique donation for transplant by the Hopkins team.”
According to Lee, the Comprehensive Transplant Center at Johns Hopkins has been a pioneer in many of the recent advancements in VCA procedures.
“Just over five years ago, the first quadruple amputee survivor in Iraq, US Army Sgt. Brendan Marrocco, received a double arm transplant at Johns Hopkins,” Lee said. “And just over five months ago, our team transplanted two new arms into Army National Guard Sgt. Eric Lund, who lost both arms just below his shoulders from a roadside bomb in Afghanistan.”
Nearly one month after the procedure, the penis transplant recipient appears to be recovering well and is expected to be discharged later this week, according to Redett.
“Our patient is recovering from the transplant well. He is up walking, and the graft shows no signs of infection or rejection,” Redett said. “It is our hope that such a life-enhancing transplant will allow him to regain urinary and sexual function and lead a more normal life.”
After the announcement of the surgery, the donor's family, which also was not mentioned by name, also released a statement thanking the recipient for his service: “We are all very proud that our loved one was able to help a young man that served this country. We are so thankful to say that our loved one would be proud and honored to know he provided such a special gift to you. As a family, we are very supportive of all the men and women who serve our country and grateful for the job you did for this nation.”
By Mark Lieber, CNN
epa05695261 A man with child pulls a plastic sled at the Petrin Hill during season's first snowfall in Prague, Czech Republic, 02 January 2017. Forecasts predict snowing and freezing temperatures will continue this week in the Czech Republic. EPA/MARTIN DIVISEK
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has reminded fans there is no ‘magic wand' to turn his England journeymen into world-beaters.
For the first time in his eight-game tenure as interim and permanent manager, Southgate seemed rattled by the 3-2 loss away to France.
In the immediate aftermath of Tuesday's loss here in Paris, the Three Lions' boss scrambled for the odd positive but, reflecting further, it was obvious he was extremely unhappy with, and concerned by, how ten-man France gave his team the runaround.
Southgate now also has to face up to the first bout of serious scrutiny during his short career as a senior international manager.
(Photo: The FA via Getty)
Of his eight matches in charge, only three have been won and those victories came against teams ranked 182nd, 61st and 104th in the world.
With only successes against Malta, Scotland and Lithuania on his record, it has hardly been a flying start for Southgate, and this latest disappointing performance appeared to unsettle him most.
“I am afraid there is no magic wand,” he declared.
“We've got some young players coming through that have got really good potential and can be exciting, but there is no shortcut. That's the reality of where we are as a country.”
While there may have been mitigating factors for England's ineptitude after Raphael Varane had been dismissed, Southgate did not reach for them.
(Photo: Reuters)
“You can't sugarcoat what happened in those final 30 minutes,” he said. “That was the opportunity for us to dominate the ball and really make them work and we didn't.
“I want the players to feel disappointed because they've got to recognise moments when you do have an opportunity to get a really good result.”
After a home draw with Spain and defeats in Germany and France, Southgate is happy to carry on facing high-quality opposition in friendlies ahead of next summer's World Cup finals — and Germany are pencilled in for a November visit to Wembley.
He admits, however, that comparisons invited by games such as the one at the Stade de France only underline the gap between England and the major nations.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
“One of the reasons for playing Germany, Spain and France is you have to get everything spot on to get a result,” he said. “We've been competitive in all three [of those] games for long periods of time, but I think we've had to play at our absolute limit to stay in all three of the matches.
“I know where we are as a team and the hard work that lies ahead to try and bridge the gap between us and the three teams we're speaking about.”
The immediate work for Southgate — who will go out to the Under-21 European Championship starting later this week and also take in the Confederations Cup ramp-up event for the World Cup — will be to confirm qualification for Russia 2018 in the four remaining group games.
(Photo: Getty)
Next up is a trip to played-six, lost-six Malta on September 1, followed by home games against Slovakia and Slovenia before finishing with a trip to Lithuania.
A place in the finals should still be pretty much of a formality, but Southgate knows that is when the difficulties usually start.
When it was put to him that England's flimsiness against France was hardly unfamiliar, he said: “Well, it's a big challenge then, isn't it?”
It certainly is, but maybe even Southgate did not realise it was this big.
In the weeks and months ahead, there will be many political casualties of the Liberal government's crisis surrounding the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion. The first of these, however, was the carefully-crafted illusion that the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board's (CPPIB) investment decisions are free from political influence. Over two decades, the Board had painstakingly constructed the pretence that Board decisions stood above retail politics.
Despite occasional whispers of politically-inspired Board investments and industrial policy by stealth, the public position of the Board has been a steadfast insistence on autonomy and independence. For two decades, a parade of faith groups, trade unionists, environmentalists, and mining justice activists beat a path to 1 Queen Street East in Toronto, only to be solemnly informed that shunning tobacco, divesting from fossil fuels, and rejecting labour and human rights violators were incompatible with the CPPIB's exclusive remit to make profits.
The Board needed only to point to its founding statute. The CPPIB Act carefully specifies that the Board is not an agent of the Crown, and that it stands at arm's length from the Government of Canada. The Board is mandated to invest its assets with a view to achieving a maximum rate of return, without undue risk of loss, and the Board is expressly prohibited from conducting any business in a manner that is contrary to this principle.
In practice, of course, these strictures proved extremely malleable, and the Board continued to invest in a diverse group of assets offering a wide range of risk-adjusted returns. Nevertheless, the Board stuck to its narrative that the political needs of governments of the day never entered into the equation.
Pretence Laid to Rest
In mid-May, however, this pretence was laid to rest. Canada Finance Minister Bill Morneau pledged to indemnify any investor that takes over Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, and mused that pension funds might be interested if KM stepped away. The same day, CPPIB CEO Mark Machin signaled that the CPP was on board.
Now, the federal government will assume the construction risk of the Trans Mountain Expansion Project, transferring ownership to private investors once the political and first-phase uncertainties are overcome. If the CPPIB is among these investors, there will be no going back to the Board's guise of a politically-independent global investor.
Since its inception, the CPPIB has been intensely sensitive to the political winds blowing from Ottawa and provincial capitals. What's changed is that the federal government has embarked on seriously courting pension fund investment. Like many governments around the world, Canada's response has been to keep public investment carefully limited, while expanding opportunities for private capital to invest. The Liberal's ‘Bank of Privatization', the Canada Infrastructure Bank, was conceived precisely to attract Canadian and international pension funds to large-scale infrastructure projects. In practice, this has proved exceedingly difficult in the United Kingdom, the United States, and other countries. Where pension funds and large investors can be persuaded to join in, the result will be far more expensive projects with higher long-term costs to public finances.
Democratically-Controlled Social Investment
In our view, trade unions and the Left should seize on this opportunity by demanding much more than elaborate trappings of socially-responsible investment criteria in Board decision-making. Instead, the Left needs to think much more ambitiously about ways to harness pension funds for democratically-controlled social investment, for several reasons.
First, Canada is not on track to meet even its modest climate commitments made in Paris. Far more ambitious investments in renewable energy, energy conservation, and electrified transit are needed to significantly reduce emissions by mid-century. Hoping that a mix of carbon taxes and inducements will spur private investors to lead this transition is pure fantasy. A major program of public investment is necessary if we are to speed decarbonization, creating decent jobs and reversing insecurity and inequality in the process.
Second, underinvestment in public infrastructure in recent decades is unmistakable. Municipal infrastructure is decaying; transit systems and libraries are shamefully under-resourced; and public housing nearly everywhere is scarce and in disrepair. Hospitals and long-term care need significant investments, and northern and remote communities have vast unmet energy, water and health needs. Canada beyond Quebec continues to have no universal child care system. As even bourgeois economists have been insisting, public infrastructure investments are more likely than ever to pay off in creating jobs and incomes, reducing poverty and improving public health, to say nothing of stimulating productivity growth and private investment.
One solution would be to propose a conditional levy on pension surpluses to finance a fund for economic renewal. This fund could be bankrolled simply through funding excesses generated by pension plans like the CPP. The existing CPP remains a largely pay-as-you-go plan, with current contributions funding current benefits. Since 1997, however, higher contributions have allowed the CPP reserve fund, managed by the CPPIB, to grow to over $350-billion today, before swelling to a projected $6.7-trillion in 2090. Since it began in 1997, the CPPIB's average return on CPP assets has been well above the necessary minimum long-run real rate of return; current assets are one-third again greater than was projected just ten years ago. Tapping only funding excesses in the CPP would preserve benefit security and leave plan provisions unchanged.
How might a fund for economic renewal work? It could distribute funds to regional sub-funds overseen by local community groups, unions, community economic development associations. Residents could identify urgent local needs – childcare, or school renovations, hospital beds or community care facilities. Investments in basic skills, on-the-job training and apprenticeships would aim at maximizing local employment benefits and developing capacities, especially among disadvantaged groups. Economic renewal funds could be supported by federal, provincial/territorial and municipal investment. A portion of returns on specific investments, for instance from rents on social housing, would flow back to the pension fund.
Nor should a pension levy to support economic development be restricted to the CPP fund (or the Quebec Pension Plan fund in that province). Large public-sector workplace plans in Canada, many of which deliver consistently-high returns and are in positions of funding excesses, should also be levied. These plans hugely benefit from large public subsidies. Canada has by far the greatest tax breaks for private pensions in the OECD. In 2013, Canada reported spending 2.0% of GDP on tax breaks for workplace plans, five times the OECD average. Imposing a levy on workplace plans in the service of social investment could reduce some of the resentment of public-sector pensions, while leaving benefit security untouched.
With the Kinder Morgan fiasco, the Liberal government has spilled the beans about the CPPIB, and reminded the Left to think ambitiously and creatively about socializing investment. Let's seize the chance.
Bob Farkas is a teacher, union member, and activist living in Toronto, Canada, with a longstanding interest in pension issues.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/kinder-morgan-fiasco-the-cat-is-out-of-the-bag-at-the-canada-pension-plan-investment-board-cppib/5642367
NASCAR results at Michigan: Kyle Larson's daring pass wins race in overtime
Larson now has four career NASCAR Cup victories, with three of them coming at Michigan International Speedway.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 04:21 IST
Kyle Larson
Kyle Larson made an incredible and daring three-wide pass on the restart in overtime to hold off Martin Truex Jr. and win his third-straight Monster Energy NASCAR Cup race at Michigan.
It was the fourth NASCAR Cup victory of Larson's career.
That three of those wins have come at Michigan shows Larson knows how to drive at the 2-mile track. But none of those previous victories could match this one for pure daring.
After a late crash led to a brief red-flag period, Truex Jr. restarted the race in overtime in the lead, with Erik Jones beside him on the front row.
Larson, restarting on the second row behind Truex in the outside lane, bumped Truex, got in between Truex and Jones three-wide, and sailed into the lead. He was never challenged after that.
How did he do that?
"I have no idea," Larson told NBCSN afterward. "I was running a few options through my head on what to do if I got a good jump, and that was one of them."
Larson said team owner Chip Ganassi gave him the green light for the bold, risky move on the restart.
"He said something about going three-wide on the restart," Larson said. "That was the most perfect restart of my life … I didn't think I had a shot to win that at all."
Brad Keselowski dominated the first half of the race, winning the first stage and leading 104 laps. But Truex took the lead late in the second stage to end that segment on top, his NASCAR Cup series-leading 15th stage win in 2017.
Truex had held off the rest of the field on a late restart and seemed headed for his second-consecutive victory before that late crash set up the overtime period.
In the end, Larson proved too much for NASCAR Cup points leader Truex.
Afterward, Larson and Ganassi shared the good vibes in victory lane.
"I want to thank him for finding me in 2011 and bringing me up from the USAC ranks to run for him," Larson said.
It's a move that is paying big dividends for Ganassi, but never with a more thrilling pass than Larson pulled off Sunday at Michigan.
Results: Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Pure Michigan 400 at Michigan International Raceway
1. Kyle Larson
2. Martin Truex Jr.
3. Erik Jones
4. Ryan Newman
5. Trevor Bayne
6. Chris Buescher
7. Austin Dillon
8. Chase Elliott
9. Jamie McMurray
10. Kyle Busch
11. Kurt Busch
12. Aric Almirola
13. Kevin Harvick
14. Dale Earnhardt Jr.
15. Ryan Blaney
16. Denny Hamlin
17. Brad Keselowski
18. Ricky Stenhouse Jr.
19. Jimmie Johnson
20. AJ Allmendinger
21. Ty Dillon
22. Danica Patrick
23. Clint Bowyer
24. Matt Kenseth
25. Landon Cassill
26. Matt DiBenedetto
27. Michael McDowell
28. Joey Logano
29. Cole Whitt
30. David Ragan
31. Corey LaJoie
32. Brett Moffitt
33. Reed Sorenson
34. Paul Menard
35. Jeffrey Earnhardt
36. B.J. McLeod
37. Daniel Suarez
38. Kasey Kahne
39. Derrike Cope
A person burns an American flag Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Seattle. Hundreds of demonstrators and counter-protesters converged in downtown Seattle one day after violent clashes in Charlottesville, VA. (AP)
SEATTLE -- Protesters decrying hatred and racism converged around the country on Sunday, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.The gatherings spanned from a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York to candlelight vigils in several cities. In Seattle, police arrested three men and confiscated weapons as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.Some focused on showing support for the people whom white supremacists condemn. Other demonstrations were pushing for the removal of Confederate monuments, the issue that initially prompted white nationalists to gather in anger this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. Still other gatherings aimed to denounce fascism and a presidential administration that organizers feel has let white supremacists feel empowered.“People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done,” said Carl Dix, a leader of the Refuse Fascism group organizing demonstrations in New York, San Francisco and other cities. “This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed.”“It has to be confronted,” said Dix, a New Yorker who spoke by phone from Charlottesville Sunday afternoon. He had gone there to witness and deplore the white nationalist rally on a Saturday that spiraled into bloodshed.In Seattle, a rally previously planned for Sunday by the conservative pro-Trump group known as Patriot Prayer drew hundreds of counterprotesters.A barricade separated the two groups as police officers stood by dressed in black riot gear. At one intersection, police ordered crowds to disperse. Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers. In a statement police say they observed some people in the counterprotest carrying axe handles and two-by fours-as they infiltrated the hundreds of peaceful demonstrators.In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about two miles to the state Capitol. In Fort Collins, Colorado, marchers chanted “Everyone is welcome here. No hate, no fear.” One demonstrator's sign said, “Make racists ashamed again.”In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups involved in the violent confrontations in Charlottesville. One sign read: “Call out evil.”Helen Rubenstein, 62, was among hundreds of people who marched through downtown Los Angeles. She said her parents were Holocaust survivors, and she's worried that extremist views were becoming normal under Trump's presidency.“I blame Donald Trump 100 percent because he emboldened all these people to incite hate, and they are now promoting violence and killing,” Rubenstein said.Charlottesville descended into violence Saturday after neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to “take America back” and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town, and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally. The groups clashed in street brawls, with hundreds of people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields.Eventually, a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town. Both troopers on board died.A crowd gathered on the street where the crash happened for a vigil Sunday evening. They sang “Amazing Grace” and prayed around piles of flowers that mark the spot where Heyer was killed.Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer, who attended the rally, denied all responsibility for the violence. He blamed the counter-protesters and police.Trump condemned what he called an “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” a statement that Democrats and some of the president's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame. The White House later added that the condemnation “includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”Some of the white nationalists at Saturday's rally cited Trump's victory, after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric, as validation for their beliefs. Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign, saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville.“For those who questioned whether ‘oh, don't call it fascism' ... this should resolve those issues,” Reiko Redmonde, an organizer of a Refuse Fascism protest planned in San Francisco, said by phone. “People need to get out in the streets to protest, in a determined way.”(AP)
They say when the stars align, good things happen. That certainly seems to be the case as things are coming together for the University of Miami Hurricanes. By all measures, the 2017 football season is going to be a memorable one.
And if recent history is any indicator, just consider Mark Richt's first season as head coach. Under his leadership last year, the Canes showed great promise as they overcame bumps and bruises along the way. Not to mention the five-game winning streak at the end of the season — all strong signs of good things to come.
Now, everyone is expecting the Canes to polish up things, overcome their flaws, and exceed expectations in the year ahead. In fact, don't be shocked if they finish in the top 10 this season.
So much talent and experience resides on both sides of the ball for them. On paper, they can match up with every team on their schedule. And with a fairly easy schedule for Miami this season, the Canes potentially can finish undefeated. Winning the ACC Coastal and ACC Championship are well within reach for Coach Richt and the Canes this season.
Please click links below for an overview of the Hurricanes' offense and defense outlook for the coming season.
UM Football Offense UM Football Defense
Terry Farrell
Black Press
Courtenay City Hall has been inundated with calls and emails since the raiding of a newly opened medical marijuana dispensary, and not all the responses have been respectful.
Leaf Compassion Dispensary opened for business on Sunday, Oct. 1.
The business was ticketed by city bylaw officers for operating without a business licence on Monday, and on Tuesday the business was raided by the RCMP.
On Thursday, Leaf Compassion Dispensary Courtenay posted a thread on its Facebook page, along with a picture of Courtenay Mayor Larry Jangula, urging supporters to call City Hall “every day till (sic) he answers.”
This post on the Leaf Compassion Dispensary Facebook page has prompted a flood of calls to Mayor Larry Jangula, not all of them respectful.
Since then, City staff, particularly Jangula, have been dealing with a steady flow of reactive phone calls and emails from supporters of the business.
“It's been a little scary,” said Jangula. “They've apparently decided that it's me that's directing the police and it's me that's directing all this and as a result, I have had, and City Hall has had, some very nasty calls. In fact I've had one call that's so nasty I've had to start a police investigation. Someone threatened to shoot me. This is not a real pleasant deal.”
The call in question was a profanity-laced message left on his personal voicemail, ultimately ending with the aforementioned threat.
(Attempts to contact Leaf Compassion Dispensary Courtenay owner Kyle Cheyne regarding this issue went straight to voicemail, which was full and not accepting any more messages.)
“It's to the point where my staff is concerned, and not really wanting to answer the phone,” said Jangula. “This is frightening stuff.”
Jangula said the city has a standing policy regarding any type of marijuana business within city limits.
“Until such a time that it is determined that these are legal – I understand that is July, 2018 – then we will proceed with it,” he said. “Until such time, our take – and it's not just City Hall, it's the RCMP's take as well – is that these are illegal, and that we are not giving licences for them. We have discussed this as council and that's what we decided.”
As for the suggestion that the RCMP has a directive from City Hall to continue with the raids, Jangula denied the notion outright.
“Absolutely not. When did you ever hear of City Hall, or a mayor, directing RCMP on who to investigate? It's not up to me. I don't go up to them and tell them to watch him because he might be doing break-ins, or so and so might have stolen property. Are you kidding me? The mayor has no power. If I did, could you imagine the corruption?”
Bitcoin jumped to a peak of $4,125.17 on Monday, a gain of 15% since Friday. Photo: Reuters
Hong Kong/Tokyo: Bitcoin soared past $4,000 for the first time on growing optimism that faster transaction times will hasten the spread of the cryptocurrency.
The largest digital tender jumped to a peak of $4,125.17 on Monday, a gain of 15% since Friday, after a plan to quicken trade execution by moving some data off the main network was activated last week. The solution—termed SegWit2x—had been so contentious that a new version of the asset called Bitcoin Cash was spun off earlier this month in opposition.
The split grew out of the tension between growing demand for the virtual currency and some of the design features that had fuelled that popularity—the decentralized verification procedures that ensured against hacking and government oversight. While this month's confrontation ended up as little more than a speed bump in bitcoin's more than 300% rally in 2017, concerns remain around the capacity to increase transaction volumes.
“Up until now a lot of people didn't really believe bitcoin could go any higher until the scaling issue is resolved,” said Arthur Hayes, Hong Kong-based founder of bitcoin exchange BitMEX. “With this actually being implemented on protocol, theoretically the amount of transactions that can be processed at a reasonable speed is going to be much higher, so a lot of people are very bullish about bitcoin now.”
Because of a cap on the amount of data processed by bitcoin's blockchain, transactions started to slow as its popularity boomed. The community was then divided between the SegWit2x solution backed by a group of developers and another supported by miners that sought a larger increase in the block size. The latter than became Bitcoin Cash.
Bitcoin Cash, whose price has retreated since peaking right after its birth, has neither disrupted its progenitor's operations nor undercut its appeal.
While SegWit2x has garnered enough support for activation, challenges remain. Its next stage involves doubling the block size to 2 megabytes some time in November, a possibility that's still mired in debate. Reduced support could thwart this step, with some arguing that Bitcoin Cash—with a block size of 8 megabytes—has obviated the need for another “hard fork” to upgrade the bitcoin again, Hayes said.
The cryptocurrency's staggering price surge has bolstered related businesses. Digital currency exchange Coinbase Inc. announced on Thursday it's received a $100 million investment. The supply of bitcoin is capped at 21 million, compared with 16.5 million that had been mined as of Saturday, according to blockchain.info.
“People are starting to price in the consumer demand from Coinbase's $100 million fund-raising round,” said Justin Short, London-based founder of trading platform Nous. “That's a lot of advertising budgets. Every $1 million of marketing brings new demand, which increases the price as the supply is limited by design.” Bloomberg
Left-wing billionaire Tom Steyer is on a mission — to have President Trump impeached. The Washington Times reports that he's spending $40 million on his “Need To Impeach” roadshow, with advertising and town halls around the country.
But Democratic congressional candidates aren't enthusiastic about Steyer's campaign. Nancy Pelosi, who hopes once again to become House Speaker, says she wants Democrats to campaign on “strengthen[ing] the financial stability of America's working families,” not on impeachment.
Pelosi's position makes sense. A national survey conducted by Marist for NPR and PBS, had 47 percent of registered voters saying they definitely would vote against a candidate who wanted to remove Trump from office. 42 percent said such a promise would earn their vote.
But Democratic candidates shouldn't be able to finesse the impeachment issue by taking only about other issues. Every Dem running for Congress should be asked about impeachment: Do they favor impeaching Trump, yes or no?
A yes answer would alienate about half of the electorate in an average district. A no answer would alienate the Democratic base. At a minimum, it would dampen enthusiasm for the candidate.
The best response to the impeachment question would be for Democratic candidates to say the answer depends on the state of the evidence when the issue arises. That's not an unreasonable response, though some anti-Trump voters would see it as an evasion.
The follow-up question would be whether, as things stand now, the evidence is sufficient to justify impeaching the president. That question would likely produce a fair amount of hemming and hawing.
Who will ask these questions? Clearly, the GOP candidate in each race should ask them. It's not clear, though, how many opportunities, if any, he or she will have to do so in a setting that requires an answer.
The media will have plenty of opportunities. Whether, and how aggressively, it will try to pin Democratic candidates down on this issue of such major importance depends on the jurisdiction.
I suspect that in many races, the mainstream media will cooperate with Nancy Pelosi and protect Democratic candidates from searching inquiry into the impeachment question.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
U.S. Marines and Sailors “man the rails” aboard the USS Essex during the San Francisco Fleet Week 2017 Parade of Ships, Oct. 6. San Francisco Fleet Week is an opportunity for the Bay Area public and visitors to meet Marines, Sailors and Coast Guardsmen and experience America's sea services. Fleet Week will highlight naval personnel, equipment, technology, and capabilities, emphasizing Defense Support of Civil Authorities.
Another yellow weather warning for snow and ice across the East Midlands has been issued by the Met Office.
The warning is in force from 4pm today, Monday December 11 to Tuesday, December 12 at 11am.
A yellow weather warning has been issued by the Met Office from 4pm Monday, December 11.
The Met Office's Chief Forecaster said: “Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area.
“This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area.”
Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning. There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
Yuvraj Singh rested, not dropped for Sri Lanka, says Chairman of selectors
MSK Prasad says that Yuvraj and Raina are not scraped, but stays put on fitness parameters.
@Rupinzel by Rupin Kale News 14 Aug 2017, 14:29 IST
Will Yuvraj Singh play international cricket again?
What's the story?
MSK Prasad, Chairman of India's National Cricket Selection Committee, has stated that Yuvraj Singh is not dropped from the squad for the ODI series against Sri Lanka, but is rested so as to test other players in the said period.
"Yuvraj Singh is rested, not dropped. We've started a policy where a set of players will be given chances for next 4-5 months," he said in a recent press conference.
Singh was a part of the Indian playing XI for the ICC Champions Trophy as well as the West Indies tour, but had a below par performance in both. Prasad said that the rotation policy in terms of team selection is undertaken to focus on the ICC World Cup 2019.
"Then after that period (4 to 5 months), we'll know who are in contention for 2019 World Cup. Doors are not closed on Yuvraj and (Suresh) Raina, but we are laying down strict parameters for fitness for 2019 WC. Anyone who fails this fitness parameter will not be considered," he added.
In case you didn't know...
Virat Kohli's men have displayed utter dominance in the Test Series against Sri Lanka
India are currently in the middle of a tour of Sri Lanka, and are on the cusp of whitewashing the hosts in the Test series.
The squad for the limited overs series that is set to commence on August 20 was announced yesterday (August 13). Singh and Dinesh Karthik, who were present in the squad since June, were dropped for KL Rahul and Manish Pandey respectively.
The details
The national selector was completely adamant on his stance on fitness of the Indian players and said that it will be a primary parameter while considering them for selection.
Furthering his point, he declared that henceforth, the national selection will be based on fitness and not skill. He added that India has an abundance of skill, but fitness is a requirement that will not be compromised on, irrespective of the circumstances surrounding the same.
What's next?
The Sri Lanka tour will be followed by home series against Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka. These matches will help the Indian captain as well as the national selectors in deciphering the code to crack the best-suited squad to send to England for the big tournament.
Author's take
The fitness of international athletes cannot be under question at any point of time in their careers. If a player is keen on representing his or her country in a sport, he or she has to have prime levels of fitness.
Prasad has clearly stated what he expects from Singh, and it is now on him to try and prove to the selectors that he is well-equipped to take on the challenge of international cricket even today.
Nicole Kidman reportedly spends $7,000 on beauty treatments before a red carpet event.
The 'Big Little Lies' actress is said to maintain her flawless, dewy glow thanks to HD Diamond and Ruby peels - which involve having her face scrubbed with jewels - followed by a lactic peel and a La Prarie White Caviar Illuminating facial, which is designed to diminish age spots.
And the 50-year-old star has even tried a "flying ant facial", which costs over $6,000 and uses insect secretions to make the skin glow.
A source told heat magazine: "Nicole's treatments don't come cheap but she knows it's what she has to pay to look as good as possible.
"She'll happily spend $7,000 as she wants the most advanced treatments and therapists. She's willing to try most things."
While she takes great care of her skin, the 'Beguiled' actress - who has Sunday, nine, and Faith, seven, with her husband Keith Urban and Connor, 22, and Isabella, 24, with former spouse Tom Cruise - previously admitted she doesn't like to spend a lot of time having her make-up done.
She said: "I can't be in the chair for more than 20-25 minutes so I'm like the speed dial of makeup, I'm like, 'Go! Quick! Fast!' because I don't like sitting, I'd rather be with my kids or I'd rather have a work out.
"I'm also trying to manage my time, and I don't know that many women who can sit around in a salon ... everyone's trying to multitask these days so I'm always like, 'Quick, quick! Do my hair and makeup at the same time', but I'm also massively into hydration because I tend to have dry skin so I always put oils on, any oils I can get, I just love moisture and I love a good mask."
And Nicole feels less is more with her make-up and she has "always regretted" it when she's heavily made up.
She added: "Less is more. Whenever I've worn really heavy makeup I've always regretted it.
On Memorial Day, HBO's John McCain film pays tribute to an approach to politics we can't afford to forget
On Memorial Day, HBO's John McCain film pays tribute to an approach to politics we can't afford to forget May 25
I was surprised ABC canceled 'Roseanne' over tweet - here's why I shouldn't have been May 29
Ellen Gray is the television critic for the Daily News and the Inquirer, and has written about TV since 1994. Her mind will go blank if you ask her to name her favorite show, because she has so many, but she would love to hear about yours.
Matthew Rhys and Keri Russell in the final episode of “The Americans,” which aired Wednesday night on FX
Warning: This post discusses plot points from Wednesday's series finale of The Americans.
For six seasons it's been impossible to watch FX's The Americans without wondering what the end game could possibly be for Reagan-era Russian spies Philip and Elizabeth Jennings (Matthew Rhys and Keri Russell), whose seemingly quiet suburban lives were a cover for espionage and murder.
On Wednesday night, we got our answer in “Start,” the 87-minute finale written by showrunners Joel Fields and Joe Weisberg, which defied my belief that this thing could only end badly by ending very well indeed.
Oh, not exactly happily. Or justly, if your sense of right and wrong demands that murderers and spies should be punished under the law, no matter what their motives were or how well they wore their wigs (or packed a suitcase).
After executing an escape plan that hadn't included a harrowing parking-garage confrontation with their no longer friendly (or clueless) neighborhood FBI agent Stan Beeman (Noah Emmerich), Philip and Elizabeth — do we call them Mischa and Nadezhda now? — escaped to the Soviet Union with their lives.
But without their children, who are, it seems, the Americans their parents never could be.
Paige (Holly Taylor), who'd already turned her back on the family business, in the end turned her back on her parents, too, slipping off the train on the U.S. side of the Canadian border to choose a highly uncertain future in the land of her birth rather than leave her brother behind.
Her brother, innocent, away at boarding school, and, as always, out of the loop, wasn't given that choice. I imagine Henry (Keidrich Sellati) spending holidays with Stan in the years that followed, and now in middle age, still haunted by that last phone call with his parents and by the memory of his eagerness to get them off the phone so he could get back to his friends. Or maybe all these years later, in 2018, he's just grateful to have been left behind?
Will Renee (Laurie Holden) be there next Thanksgiving, too? Because Philip's parting gift to Stan, along with Henry, was this comment about Stan's second wife, who's lately been so interested in getting a job at the FBI herself:
“I don't know how to say this, but I think there's a chance Renee might be one of us. I'm not sure.”
Way to light the fuse, buddy.
A few other quick thoughts about Wednesday's finale, which I suspect I'll be thinking about for a while:
The Americans was at the top of its music game, with Dire Straits' “Brothers in Arms” and U2's “With or Without You” used to heartbreaking effect. (And thanks to the Washington Post's Hank Stuever for mentioning Tchaikovsky's “None But the Lonely Heart,” which I'd missed.)
I don't know why Stan let them go, but I'm choosing for now to believe that it was the prospect of watching over Henry, a kid he loved like his own, that tipped the scales. Because that might be the only way he could live with himself, and Henry's going to need him.
I've seen Elizabeth kill again and again, and I still found her denial — was it as much for Paige as for Stan? — pretty convincing. She's as good an actress as the woman who plays her.
Philip talking to Stan about friendship was killer, but Rhys' finest moment had to be the one where he stopped fighting and just said, “We had a job to do.”
I'd first seen the finale a few days ago, and that parking-garage scene (and, really, most of the episode) still had my heart pounding.
Does this mean that the Jenningses saved Mikhail Gorbachev? And if so, does that mean Oleg Burov (Costa Ronin) will eventually get to go home?
When The Americans began, part of the point was to show that time could change our perception of onetime enemies. That hasn't entirely worked out in the real world isn't the writers' fault, of course, but recent seasons have resonated with me differently, despite the 1980s setting.
My favorite finales are often the ones where the major characters survive but we just don't see them anymore. At a time in television when nothing can be guaranteed to stay dead, it would probably be good to make that the rule.
I'm not saying I want a Paige and/or Henry spinoff, but I could see myself being curious about the Jenningses' return to a homeland they barely recognize.
Your thoughts about the finale?
Read more: Spies like us, or just spies we like?
Two Diko members announced their intention of leaving the party following the party's support of far-right Elam's proposal to introduce an annual commemoration in public schools of the January 1950 Enosis (Union) referendum.
The first announcement came on Tuesday night from former municipal councillor Yiannis Armeftis, who had served two terms as Diko's Limassol municipal councillor between 2007 and 2016, and was also a candidate in last December's municipal elections.
“In reaction to the latest developments and statements, I place myself outside the Democratic Party until its leadership changes,” Armeftis said on his Facebook page.
Diko, from a democratic party, he said, has turned into a “stooge of nationalism and extremism”. He said that he would issue an announcement later in the week.
Another Diko member, Aglandjia municipal councillor Marinos Cleanthous, replied under the Armefti' post that he would too follow suit.
“We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people,”Cleanthous said, quoting Martin Luther King.
The controversial proposal to introduce an annual commemoration in public schools of the Enosis referendum, in which 96 per cent of Greek Cypriots voted their preference for the island to be annexed to Greece, was voted by parliament on Friday.
In a plenary vote, just 19 votes from the smaller parties – excluding ruling Disy, which abstained, and main opposition Akel, which opposed – were enough for the proposal, tabled by nationalist Elam deputy Linos Papayiannis, to be approved.
The proposal made it to the plenum through the Education committee, with three votes from Disy and one each from Diko, the Citizens' Alliance, and Solidarity.
The desire for ‘enosis', or union with Greece, is considered one of the main reasons for the breakdown of the independent bicommunal Republic of Cyprus established in 1960.
A desperate drug-user who faces “death on the streets” has been given a chance after she committed a series of shop thefts to feed her life-threatening addiction.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on Tuesday, October 3, how Sarah Amy Smith, 32, of Godfrey Drive, Kirk Hallam, struck at a Co-op store, at Leabrooks twice, at a Co-op at Somercotes three times, and once at a B&M store at Somercotes stealing candles and £253.65 worth of meat.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said: “There are six matters of theft before the court. Thefts from shops in the Somercotes and Leabrooks area.
“The circumstances speak for themselves. These are thefts of meat and candles on various dates and in the main she was identified with CCTV.
“She was seen on nearly all the occasions in a store with a male.”
Mrs Allsop added that during a theft on May 1 from B&M a member of staff spotted two males and a female and Yankee Candles were being placed into a packed rucksack.
She said that there were thefts on May 5 and 11 and during an offence om May 17 the stolen meat was recovered after she had been spotted by a member of the public.
Following a further offence on May 26 stolen property was also recovered.
Smith admitted being the person in the CCTV footage and that she was stealing and that drug addiction was behind the offending.
She explained the stolen goods were taken with plans to sell them to buy drugs.
Smith pleaded guilty to six thefts. These included a theft at B&M on May 1 of Yankee Candles, a theft at the Co-op at Leabrooks of meat worth £45 on May 3, stealing meat worth £60 from a Co-op at Somercotes on May 5, a theft from the Co-op at Somercotes of meat worth £50 on May 11, stealing meat worth £70 from a Co-op at Somercotes on May 17, and a theft of meat valued at £28.65 from a Co-op at Leabrooks on May 26.
She also admitted breaching a conditional discharge previously imposed for stealing candles, jeans, boots and razors from the Factory Shop in Ripley.
Defence solicitor John Last said the defendant is a long-time drug-user who has lost the right to care for her children.
However, he added that Smith has now been given secure accommodation with support and she has shown a real determination to free herself from a long-standing drug addiction.
Mr Last added: “For society to wash its hands of this defendant would mean we are confining her to a life of drug abuse and no doubt to a death on the streets.”
Magistrates sentenced Smith to six weeks of custody suspended for 18 months with a Drug Rehabilitation Programme and a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement.
She was also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge, £85 costs and £125 compensation.
Amal Clooney might not be British royalty, but she's helping the newly-inducted Duchess of Sussex get acclimated to her new life in London. The human rights lawyer and Meghan Markle "have known each other for a while," a source told People, after first meeting through a mutual friend. They apparently got closer after the new royal moved to the U.K. last fall.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“Amal has been helping Meghan settle into London life,” an insider added to People of the powerful pair. “It was a very natural friendship from day one.”
Getty Images
The accomplished attorney and former actress share many interests, according to the insider. Human rights, women's issues, and involvement with the United Nations are likely on the list. Markle has been a UN Women advocate since 2015 and Clooney has spoken at the UN several times in the past few years in an effort to make ISIS accountable for genocide.
Amal and her husband George have a home outside of London, just 30 minutes from Windsor Castle, where Meghan and Prince Harry's royal wedding took place, People reports. The A-list couple was present for the May 19 nuptials and were arguably the best dressed pair on the guest list. (Amal stunned in a canary yellow Stella McCartney cocktail dress.)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
In addition to attending the daytime ceremony, the Clooneys also attended the evening reception at Frogmore House. The couple let loose with the royal crowd at the private event, where George reportedly danced with both Markle and Kate Middleton and served shots of his own Casamigos tequila.
We can't wait to see what the royals and Clooneys do together next.
Photo: Hindustan Times
Maharashtra witnesses approximately 130,000 new cancer cases annually, and ranks second nationally in its incidence, behind Uttar Pradesh. The Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH) alone receives 40,000 new cases annually from across India. Further, mortality due to cancer remains excessively high with deaths in up to half of the reported cases. Overall, the toll of cancer remains devastating for patients and the families, which is unacceptable, especially given that there are significant preventive and curative interventions available. Hence, the government of Maharashtra has made it a priority to develop and implement a comprehensive cancer control plan with several partners, such as the National Cancer Grid (NCG), TMH and Tata Trusts.
Prevention and early diagnosis of cancer remain the key, as the National Health Policy 2016 also identifies. Realizing this, in December, Maharashtra launched an ambitious month-long oral cancer detection programme, which involved training doctors, creating massive awareness and engaging partners such as Rotary Club and Lion's International as well as Indian Medical and Dental Associations. After Screening 20 million citizens, 300,000 individuals were diagnosed with pre-malignant conditions and referred to district hospitals for further management. I can assure that this systemic endeavour of awareness generation and cancer screening as part of the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer, Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases and Stroke programme will continue rigorously, further exploring the integration of the AYUSH network into it through appropriate training.
Head and neck cancer are the commonest cancers in Maharashtra, with tobacco products being the most important risk factor. Tobacco in one form or the other remains the risk factor in 30-40% of all cancer cases. Hence, using the full force of the regulatory powers for cancer prevention, Maharashtra became one of the first states to ban gutkha products as well as the sale of tobacco and fast-moving consumer goods products under one roof. The results are somewhat encouraging as the Global Adult Tobacco Survey 2 shows. Nevertheless, the challenge remains of the 6% of the youngsters in the age group of 15-17 consuming tobacco as well as that of smokeless tobacco. Hence, Maharashtra will continue the sustained enforcement of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003.
But what about the treatment of patients, especially in the rural parts of the state? I am delighted to declare that Maharashtra became the first state in the country to partner through the public health and medical education departments with the NCG and Tata Trusts to develop a comprehensive cancer control plan. Maharashtra established the first state chapter of NCG, under which all the government medical colleges are partnering with TMH for creating trained human resources through massive fellowship programmes for doctors, nurses and technicians. Maharashtra also became the first state where all government medical colleges are receiving weekly training through technology-enabled virtual tumour board (VTB). VTB is a unique solution, comprising a multi-disciplinary team of leading oncology professionals across the country, providing expert opinion on complicated cancer cases and enables even the remotest parts of the state to have access to leading experts, thereby significantly reducing the need for patients to travel to major cities.
TMH has also reached out to its former students working across Maharashtra, who have formed a voluntary group of doctors called Maharashtra Cancer Warriors (MCW). In the past two years, these 52 MCWs have provided free services through district hospitals to more than 16,000 OPD and 5,500 IPD cases and have performed 1,150 cancer surgeries in 29 districts. This is a truly shining example of professional social responsibility.
At the same time, to support such dedicated human resources, Maharashtra is massively investing in developing the infrastructure for cancer care. The efforts include establishing the State Cancer Institutes at Aurangabad and Nagpur, providing equipment to government medical colleges and facilitating other institutions such as the state-of-the-art facility being set up in Chandrapur under the leadership of my colleague Sudhir Mungantiwar, and the National Cancer Institute in Nagpur set up by the Dr Aabaji Thatte Trust. The focus, hence, is on a distributed model of cancer care to provide cancer services closer to the patient's home involving partners such as the Tata Trusts.
While efforts to create infrastructure and human resources through public facilities continue, the financial burden due to out-of-pocket expenses for cancer treatment remains catastrophic. Hence, the critical role of Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Jan Arogya Yojana, the health insurance scheme of the state implemented through its approximately 500 empanelled hospitals, including in the private sector. In these facilities, patients from economically weaker sections of the society are entitled to cashless services up to a limit Rs1.5 lakh per family per year. Considering that cancer surgeries remain the most availed of services under this scheme, the government continues to explore inclusion of other cancer-related procedures into the scheme. Over and above this, the chief minister's relief fund remains one of the key sources for providing emergency financial assistance to patients in need of cancer treatment and the overall relief distributed has been 57 times that of the previous regime.
These experiences have convinced me that cancer can only be defeated through the collective efforts of all stakeholders. The health and medical education ministers of Maharashtra, secretaries and the entire medical and public health staff have demonstrated exactly this, through their incessant efforts and proactive partnerships with philanthropic organizations. I feel privileged to lead this movement which demonstrates that with the pooled strength of science and indefatigable human spirit, we can surely eliminate the scourge of cancer for today's and the generations to come.
“Cancer is a word, not a sentence” — John Diamond
Devendra Fadnavis is chief minister of Maharashtra.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
Security forces launched a cordon and search operation in the early hours in Unisoo village of Handwara following specific intelligence inputs. Photo: HT
Srinagar: Three militants were on Monday killed in an encounter with security forces in Handwara area of north Kashmir, police said here.
Director General of Police (DGP) S.P. Vaid said the slain militants were “apparently Pakistanis”. Security forces launched a cordon and search operation in the early hours in Unisoo village of Handwara following specific intelligence inputs about the presence of militants in the area, a police official said.
He said the search operation turned into an encounter as the hiding militants fired upon the forces conducting the searches. During the gunfight, three militants were killed, the official said.
He said their bodies along with three weapons have been recovered from the encounter site. Vaid said on Twitter, “In unisoo Handwara all the three terrorists apparently Pakistanis have been neutralised by Joint team of J&K Police, RR & CRPF. It has been raining whole night & boys were out there in the cold”.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — South Africa, New Zealand, Fiji and Kenya topped their groups Saturday at the New Zealand leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series, staged for the first time in Hamilton.
The world champion South Africans, host New Zealand and Olympic champion Fiji all finished with unblemished 3-0 records from pool play while Kenya topped the tight Pool D with two wins and a draw.
England, Australia and Samoa also secured quarterfinal places with two wins from three games while Scotland edged Argentina for the other place in the top eight.
New Zealand needed a last-gasp try to Joe Ravouvou to snatch a 17-12 win over Argentina, semifinalists in Sydney last weekend, and to clinch top place in its pool. The win also cost Argentina a place in the Cup quarterfinals, sending Scotland through at its expense after Argentina's earlier shock loss to France.
NCIS set up its crossover with NCIS: New Orleans with Abby (Pauley Perrette) getting way too comfortable in her role as mock terrorist, and taking the fall for a huge terrorist plot.
It all started when Earl Goddard from Homeland Operations tried to rope her into a practice exercise to see how easy it would be to execute a terrorist act at an arena concert (which, by the way, was frighteningly easy). Abby is pretty reluctant, having turned him down some 20 times, but is overruled when Vance (Rocky Carroll) made it a direct order. As she feared, Abby got super into planning this thing, tapping into her Evil Abby alter ego and helping pull off the sick idea of simulating sarin gas drops in balloons, placed in the vents, to kill hundreds in the venue. (Scared yet?)
The only hitch: Abby is nabbed by officers who quickly realize her fake bombs and simulated gas weren't fake at all, and she suddenly looks like the mastermind of a horrible crime. Earl, of course, could explain everything expect for one small detail: he turns up apparently murdered, deepening the mystery.
Naturally, the members of Earl's think tank -- the annoyingly English actor JJ, Greta from the CDD and another expert, Phil -- are under serious suspicion; even Leon Vance and Gibbs' (Mark Harmon) confidence in Abby begins to erode as they try to piece together what happened.
NCIS' Brian Dietzen reveals what Jimmy's "empowering" reveal means going forward
Once the think tank members are cleared, suspicion turns to Homeland Operation's leader Knox who had some really shaky excuses for his whereabouts and why he wiped his computer clean around the same time Earl's access had been compromised too. Knox finally cops to having been hacked and with McGee's (Sean Murray) help, all signs point to New Orleans, where somebody has dug into that situational playbook to figure out exactly how the government would respond in the event of terrorist catastrophes. Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) steps up to the plate, volunteering his services to dig deep in his network from his undercover days; meanwhile, Ellie Bishop's (Emily Wickersham) sleuthing helps reveal that Earl's entire operation was a fraud.
Somebody set him up to execute this needless drill, and when Alex Quinn (Jennifer Esposito) and Abby put their heads together, it's clear there was a very specific target for the attack: a Serb with involvement in the Bosnian War. Aha! It's the missing link that helps them find the connection that was right under their noses -- Phil, the member of the think tank who admitted to losing his parents in that war previously. Phil wanted revenge and he used poor Earl, a man he said was like a father to him, to get it done.
Earl caught on though, but it was too late: Phil killed him. Not before he heroically set off a silent alarm, which is how Abby caught the attention of authorities. What a guy! That still doesn't solve the the issue of the missing Homeland Security playbook though, and when Torres realizes one of his old figures Ferdinand Pisco (Jessy Leros) from his shadowy days is en route to New Orleans to buy it, Gibbs sends him down South -- with McGee keeping close watch.
Pauley Perrette, NCIS
NCIS airs Tuesdays at 8/7c on CBS.
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND – The iconic Nike LeBron James banner will be an icon of Cleveland no more as it is being taken down Tuesday, according to WJW.
The enormous banner hanging on the Sherwin-Williams Global Headquarters Wall in downtown Cleveland is currently in the process of removal.
The banner had become a staple of Cleveland after James returned to the city and led the Cavaliers to several NBA finals. James' winning legacy in Cleveland came to an end when he agreed to a four-year $154 million contract with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Following the removal, Sherwin-Williams said it is evaluating other options for the wall. The 2,600-pound banner was originally installed in 2014 when James returned to the Cavaliers from the Miami Heat.
Nike designed the mural showing James from behind extending his arms outwards. “Cleveland” is boldly displayed on the back of his jersey.
You can see the live video here.
Global Learning and Strategies, Study Abroad's recently established office to lead global engagement at the University of St. Thomas, will host two webinars: Global Learning, Technology, and Big Data: Expanding the Use of Analytics and Assessing Global Learning: Methods, Metrics, and Meaning from the “Architecture for Global Learning” series.
The sessions are free to all St. Thomas faculty, staff and students. The first will be shown Tuesday, Feb. 28, from 2-3 p.m. in the O'Shaughnessy-Frey Library Center, Room 303, and the second Thursday, April 27, from 1-2 p.m. in Anderson Student Center, Room 341.
Information about the speakers in each session can be found by clicking on the links above.
“Architecture for Global Learning” is a new online professional enrichment series developed by the NAFSA (National Association of Foreign Student Advisers) Association for International Educators to help faculty, scholars and administrators strengthen their understanding of global learning and develop their capacity for translating mission-driven institutional global learning goals to concrete curricular and co-curricular experiences that are flexible, rigorous and relevant to students.
Delivered in four 60-minute sessions throughout the 2016-17 academic year, the series allows participants to engage in high-level discussions with noted scholars, researchers and practitioners on:
What defines global learning and how global learning differs from campus internationalization
How to integrate global learning praxis into disciplinary and interdisciplinary curricula
Methods to engage the student in global learning
How to assess and measure global learning outcomes
Ways to interpret how global learning benefits the student
Interested? Please RSVP to Teresa Sweeney, Office of Study Abroad.
I sleep soundly for 4-5 hours every night. I meditate before I sleep.
— Jyoti Deshpande, 47
President of chairman's office, media and entertainment, Reliance Industries Ltd.
Kapil Sekhri.
While travelling I can go without much sleep but on a normal day, 7 hours of sleep, ideally between 10.30pm and 6.30am, is essential for me.
— Kapil Sekhri, 43
CEO and co-founder, Fratelli Wines
Anupriya Acharya.
I target 8 hours of sleep but can go no less than 7. Sleep is a super-important part of my well-being.
— Anupriya Acharya, 48
CEO, Publicis Media India
Sandeep Bakshi.
Till a couple of years back I would sleep a good 7 hours. The cycle has got erratic in the last couple of years after reaching my mid-50s. I normally sleep for 5 hours or so.
— Sandeep Bakhshi, 58
Managing director and CEO, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
Suresh Narayanan.
I usually get 7 hours of good sleep and my morning walks energize me for the day ahead.
— Suresh Narayanan, 58
Chairman and managing director, Nestle India Ltd.
Puja Marwaha.
I get around 6-7 hours of sleep on average every night.
— Puja Marwaha, 51
CEO, Child Rights and You
Aakrit Vaish.
I sleep 6-8 hours a day on weekdays and 10-12 hours on one weekend night. It's an unhealthy lifestyle to sleep less.
— Aakrit Vaish, 31
Co-founder and CEO, Haptik
Rashmi Daga.
There was a time when I used to make do with 6 hours of sleep. But nowadays I try to get 7-8 hours of sleep every night.
—Rashmi Daga, 38
CEO and founder of FreshMenu
Varun Khaitan.
I usually sleep 6 hours on weekdays and 7 on weekends. I would like to increase it by an hour,but between a long workday, personal time and workout, sleeps gets fourth place.
— Varun Khaitan, 30
Co-founder, UrbanClap
Radhika Gupta.
I am a night bird and usually sleep by 11.30pm-12am after reading. Seven hours of sound sleep is essential on weekdays, and sleeping in very late is the highlight of my weekend!
— Radhika Gupta, 34
CEO, Edelweiss Asset Management Ltd.
NITI Aayog needs thought leaders with open minds. Photo: Mint
Rajiv Kumar is the vice-chairman designate of NITI Aayog. He has an opportunity to enhance India's economic stature if he wears a bifocal lens during the next three years of his tenure. So far, I have seen only his binary lens, in particular with regard to foreign vs home-grown economic advice.
In June 2016, Kumar wrote that he was sad to see former Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan leave for Chicago. On 2 August 2017, he published two articles. In one, he shares his happiness that “foreign” economists like Rajan and Kumar's predecessor Arvind Panagariya have left and predicts that more such “foreign” experts in top government positions in India will follow these two. That was for the readers of Hindi daily Dainik Jagran. In an almost identical article written on 2 August for the Daily Mail, no names are mentioned. His column in the Daily Mail, which asserts that India can grow on its own terms, makes a few useful points and a few that are controversial.
Kumar is right to caution India on blind faith in efficient financial markets. But then, many Western economists are sceptical of it too. It is doubtful if many outside the economics department of the University of Chicago believe in it. There might be exceptions even in its hallowed portals. Kumar is also right to mention that the financial crisis of 2008 was a failure of “minimal governance”. However, he leaves out a crucial caveat. It is “minimal governance” with respect to the financial sector that proved to be a mistake.
Competitive markets work in non-financial sectors. Finance differs crucially because of some inherent features.
First, competition improves systemic stability outside of finance. In the world of finance, too many firms competing for market share can make the economic and financial systems unstable. When such competition among financial firms combines with executive compensation schemes that reward short-term profits for firms, the system is endangered.
Second, financial institutions are pro-cyclical in nature. They take on more risk (lend more) as economies boom and asset prices increase and do the opposite when economies slow and asset prices tank.
Third, in financial markets, demand for assets rises with rising prices and falls with falling prices. That is what gives rise to booms and busts. The point is that minimal governance has failed with respect to the financial sector. But to call it a failure in other aspects of the economy is incorrect. Branding those who come from abroad as “helicopter experts” is needlessly binary. Kumar, now as the vice-chairman of NITI Aayog, needs to wear a bifocal lens. India needs both home-grown experts for their contextual familiarity and international expertise for the best practices, and also because the latter are free of domestic political baggage. Rather than making the case against systematic discrimination of India-trained Indian economists, inadvertently or not, the NITI Aayog vice-chairman-designate is making the case for the systematic exclusion of foreign-trained Indian economists. He has tailored his suit to the “swadeshi” fashion and that is unfortunate because it is fashion without substance. The “swadeshi” school of economics covers its intellectual vacuity with moral pretensions.
What are Indian ground realities and who understands them better? Is India an optimal currency or economic area? Research by Praveen Chakravarty at the IDFC Institute has documented growing and non-narrowing divergences between Indian states in many dimensions. In economic terms, states in the south and states in the central plains might as well belong to different countries. India's development challenges are varied and so should be the policy approaches to them.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is everyone's favourite whipping boy, yours truly included. I tell my students about the IMF prescribing to Asian nations fiscal austerity, higher interest rates and higher market access for Western investors, when they were struck by a crisis of an over-leveraged private sector, banking sectors on the verge of collapse, and external deficits. I also tell them that the developed nations cut interest rates and deployed fiscal stimulus in the aftermath of the 2008 crisis—the opposite of what the IMF told Asian nations. But I also tell them to think of the counterfactual, and of the difference between America and other East Asian nations.
Who can say that Asian currencies would not have plunged even further without interest rate support? Who can argue that Indonesia issuing rupiah-denominated debt to foreigners is the same as America issuing debt in a currency that everyone wishes to hold, allowing the country to run current account deficits in perpetuity? It is easier to be wiser in hindsight and attribute mala fide to the IMF but real-time decision making in a crisis is a different cup of tea. Malaysia might have avoided the worst fallout in 1998 by defying the IMF, but Indonesia is better off economically today than Malaysia. In short, the impossibility of knowing the counterfactual should hold us back from delivering absolute verdicts.
India's economic challenges are, in equal measure, frustrating and exciting intellectually. These challenges warrant the embrace of the best ideas and practices from all corners, but tailored to the Indian context. As a premier think tank to the government, NITI Aayog needs thought leaders with open minds. New initiatives to transform India require new collaborations, not old battles.
V. Anantha Nageswaran is senior adjunct fellow (geoeconomics studies) at Gateway House: Indian Council on Global Relations, Mumbai. These are his personal views. Read Anantha's Mint columns at www.livemint.com/baretalk
Comments are welcome at baretalk@livemint.com
OTTAWA — Given prior experience, the Canadian helicopter contingent bound for Mali will probably face greater danger from the risk of a mechanical failure and crash than it will from a terrorist attack, the chief of the defence staff suggested Monday.
That's in part because Canada's contribution to support the United Nations peace force there will likely be based in a well-defended military base in the country's eastern city of Gao, Gen. Jonathan Vance told The Canadian Press.
"There is an environmental threat just by being in Africa. It's been said by many people, and I agree, Mali is a dangerous place," Vance said.
Four UN peacekeepers have been killed in helicopter crashes, "all of which have been associated with mechanical failure of the helicopters. None have been associated with belligerent activity that affected those helicopters."
Asked whether the Canadian air crews would have the authority to shoot back at any ground threats if necessary, Vance replied: "Yes, absolutely."
Vance offered several details about the upcoming mission, which Canada's official Opposition said should be the subject of a full debate in Parliament after the Liberal government announced it Monday.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told the House of Commons the government has contacted the Opposition "to find a way to move forward" on a debate that could take place in the coming weeks.
Canada's defence and foreign affairs ministers confirmed the Liberal government's 12-month commitment to the west African country. It includes two Chinook helicopters to provide medical evacuations and logistical support and four smaller, armed Griffons to act as armed escorts for the larger transports.
"Mali is a war zone. This is a combat mission," said Conservative defence critic James Bezan, who expressed concern about the potential for Canadian casualties, noting the deaths to date of more than 160 UN peacekeepers in Mali.
Bezan and fellow Tory MP Erin O'Toole, the party's foreign affairs critic, suggested the Liberals are using the peacekeeping announcement as a way to divert public attention from the negative publicity surrounding recent overseas trips Trudeau, most recently to India.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roberto Firmino has revealed who he believes are the best players in the Premier League - and included one shock name.
The Liverpool star named English football's most recognisable players in his assessment, but the inclusion of one Tottenham midfielder will be sure to result in a few scratched heads.
Firmino, who has scored 23 goals this season himself, started off his little list by naming team-mate Mohamed Salah and Spurs striker Harry Kane.
"We have great players in English football, it's hard to select one as the outright best," Firmino told GOAL.
"That's why it's the most popular league with many quality teams. We can talk about the goalscorers Salah and Harry Kane."
(Image: John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Mike Hewitt/Getty Images)
The 26-year-old then went on to list players specifically by club, starting with the Manchester teams.
"We also have Gabriel Jesus, Kevin De Bruyne and Ilkay Gundogan in Manchester City," added Firmino.
"Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku at Manchester United."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)
(Image: REUTERS)
But it was when he came the London clubs that he named his shock choice.
"Moussa Sissoko and Mousa Dembele at Tottenham," continued the Reds star.
"Willian and Eden Hazard at Chelsea, Mesut Ozil at Arsenal."
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Firmino then finally mentioned his team-mates, adding: "Not to mention Mane, Emre Can, Dejan Lovren and the many other good players we have here at Liverpool.
"It is a league with great stars. Virtually everyone I mentioned will be at the World Cup. The level is very high."
SOCHI, Russia — Murat Gassiev of Russia knocked out Yunier Dorticos of Cuba with less than 20 seconds remaining in the final round to unify the IBF and WBA cruiserweight titles.
The victory early Sunday in Sochi's Bolshoi Ice Dome qualifies Gassiev for the World Boxing Superseries final against Oleksandr Usyk of Ukraine in May. Usyk holds the WBO and WBC belts.
Gassiev's record rises to 26-0, with 19 knockouts.
It is Dorticos' first professional loss; he's 22-1 with 21 knockouts.
VP Pence Visits Pennsylvania To Campaign In Congressional Special Election
Vice President Pence campaigned in western Pennsylvania on Friday, defending a reliable GOP House seat that Democrats are making a bid in hopes to pick up with a candidate, who on paper at least, has a resume that could convince right-leaning voters to back him.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Vice President Mike Pence was in western Pennsylvania today campaigning for the Republican running in a special election there.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: Would you give another round of applause to the next congressman from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania...
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
PENCE: ...Rick Saccone?
KELLY: It's the latest race that is making the GOP nervous. Republicans won the district handily in 2016. But this time around, Democrats think they have a shot. NPR's Scott Detrow reports.
SCOTT DETROW, BYLINE: Pennsylvania's 18th Congressional District shouldn't be a close race. The southwest corner of the state has elected Republicans by wider and wider margins in recent years. President Trump won nearly 60 percent of the vote here in 2016, helping him become the first Republican to carry Pennsylvania since 1988.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PENCE: Thanks to all of you, on a November night in 2016, this president turned the blue wall red.
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
DETROW: And yet, Vice President Mike Pence is campaigning here, and Trump was here two weeks ago. Ray Zaborney is a Republican strategist who's run a lot of races in western Pennsylvania. He blames the broader political dynamics for the fact the race looks relatively tight.
RAY ZABORNEY: Democrats are enthusiastic to get out and vote against Republicans, at least some Democrats. And I think you see just natural increases in turnout.
DETROW: That's even more the case in special elections where turnout is lower. It's why Democrats cut deep into the usual Republican victory margins in all of last year's special House races, though they didn't flip any of them. So Republicans like Saccone are sticking to a pretty basic message.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
RICK SACCONE: Don't forget about that date now, March 13.
DETROW: And outside conservative groups are pouring millions of dollars into TV ads. Still, Democrat Conor Lamb's campaign is outraising Saccone's. The young first-time candidate comes from a prominent local political family and has an appealing resume.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: He grew up here, went to Central Catholic, then college and law school, served four years in the Marines, still loves to shoot, became a federal prosecutor.
DETROW: Democrat Bill DeWeese represented the southern part of the district in the statehouse for decades before resigning after a corruption conviction. He thinks Lamb's moderate profile gives him a real chance of winning.
BILL DEWEESE: They will not be able to talk about him being anti-gun. They will not be able to wrap Mrs. Pelosi around him in some concocted TV commercial.
DETROW: Lamb has said he would not vote for Nancy Pelosi as Democratic leader. That hasn't stopped the TV ads.
SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: How do we know Conor Lamb will join Pelosi's liberal flock? He already has. Lamb joined Pelosi to oppose a middle-class tax cut, calling your tax cut crumbs.
DETROW: Amid all that, Lamb's campaign is playing it cautiously. You'll notice he's not in this story. Lamb has been shy with the press. The campaign said Lamb did not have any public events yesterday. But hours later, he posted pictures on Twitter with Massachusetts Congressman Joe Kennedy speaking to a full room of supporters. Republicans are nervous enough that Pence was here today and the president is expected to come back before the election. So much White House involvement could make it look like Republicans are seriously concerned. Zaborney doesn't see it that way.
ZABORNEY: We have a race. It's probably closer than we'd want it to be, and that's probably how it'll end. But we take it seriously. And obviously you leave everything on the field. So having the president, vice president go as a precaution - that is a luxury to be able to take on a special election that's the only thing happening right now.
DETROW: The GOP can focus on this race and probably do the damage control needed to keep it red. Republican's broader concern - what will happen later this year when voters in dozens of districts more competitive than this one are all heading to the polls on the same day. Scott Detrow, NPR News, Bethel Park, Pa.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
WWE News: Mick Foley affirms long-time fan criticism about Raw
According to Foley, the 3-hour run-time and the PG rating are hurting the popularity of the show.
@whynotkundu by Sagnik Kundu News 15 Feb 2017, 12:24 IST
Foley has narrowed down Raw's problems to two
What's the story?
Talking about the problems facing his brand, RAW General Manager Mick Foley seems to have narrowed it down to two. In an interview with Lillian Garcia, the former WWE ring announcer, on her 'Making their way to the ring' podcast Foley cited RAW's duration and PG rating as hindrances to the show's popularity.
Here's what he had to say:
"Sometimes we try to look into the reasons why the third hour doesn't perform as well as the first two, and I'm like ‘well that's because people go to bed! No one else at 10:30 p.m. is a PG show. I won't say that across the board, but most other programs aren't trying to compete within those confines."
In case you didn't know…
SamckDown has had new life breathed into it ever since last year's WWE Draft. The live broadcasting has really helped its cause and has given its ratings a big boost. However, fans are of the opinion that it has other benefits over its Monday night counterpart.
Back in 2012, RAW changed from the traditional two-hour run-time that SmackDown currently uses. The run-time was extended to three hours which fans believe is one of the reasons for the show's rating issues.
The heart of the matter
The primary problem with the ratings of RAW is that they dip abruptly during the final hour. Foley has a theory as to why this happens. He claimed that one of the reasons the final hour of RAW tends to struggle is that the show runs so late.
He did not stop there as he went on to cite the PG rating of WWE programming as a major problem for RAW. Many of the fans who witnessed the Attitude Era have brought up the PG rating as an issue behind the decrease in RAW ratings.
During his extensive interview, Foley went on to discuss more issues on RAW, including his relationship with current RAW Commissioner Stephanie McMahon.
What's next?
Foley's health issues are of primary concern to himself and he could be in his last few days as RAW GM. The angle of Foley and Stephanie being fired has already been laid out. With Foley's surgery on the horizon, it is only a matter of time before the angle is accelerated. And if rumours are to be believed, then Kurt Angle could become the next RAW GM.
Sportskeeda's take
While it is true that the odd hours and PG rating is hurting RAW, Foley's honest opinion echoes what many fans believe and might have just opened up a can of worms that the WWE may want to keep closed.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Sergio Ramos to miss Real Madrid's next two fixtures
The 30-year-old is suffering from an injury and has picked up multiple yellow cards already this season.
by Khushwant Ramesh News 02 Jan 2017, 11:06 IST
The 30-year-old has been suffering from a persistent injury this season
What's the story?
Real Madrid skipper Sergio Ramos isn't going to be available for the club for their first two fixtures of 2017 thanks to a combination of an injury and the accumulation of multiple yellow cards this season. The 31-year-old last played for Zinedine Zidane's men against the Kashima Antlers in the FIFA Club World Cup in Yokohama.
Sergio Ramos will miss both the first leg of the Copa del Rey against Sevilla and the La Liga game against Granada on the weekend. The Spaniard has been struggling with a knee injury for a few months now and even played the FIFA Club World Cup game through pain. However, now his manager, Zinedine Zidane is reportedly adamant to let his Captain rest and be 100% before he can resume representing the team on the field.
In case you didn't know...
Real Madrid are now short of full-time centre-backs heading into the new year. With Pepe said to be considering a move to the cash-rich Chinese Super League, and with Sergio Ramos out with this persistent injury, the only remaining full-time centre-back available to Zidane is Raphael Varane.
The club is considering bringing back Jesus Vallejo on loan from Eintracht Frankfurt; the 19-year-old has impressed the club's coaches and is said to be the kind of signing the side needs to replace outgoing Pepe.
Sergio Ramos is said to be back on the 12th of January, and the club could postpone Pepe's move away till the Spaniard is back in the squad.
Heart of the matter
Ramos has been suffering the injury for almost a year now but has forced himself to play through the pain. Given the fighter he is, he's forced the club's hand multiple times in allowing him to play competitive games.
Presently, he's partaking in a combination of training with the squad and training alone. His insistence on getting back to fitness is a huge bonus for the club – who have in recent years depended on Ramos to score vital goals in getting them good results.
Sportskeeda's take
Although it is a big blow for Real Madrid to not be able to field Sergio Ramos, his absence might not be that hurtful to the squad. Both the games the 30-year-old is missing are home games and Zinedine Zidane has an exceptional record at home.
The Copa del Rey against Sevilla will be the trickier of the two fixtures and should the result go sideways, the second leg is there to be won.
Lexington, Ne. — A man with a black ski mask covering the bottom of his face has had charges entered against him for allegedly attempting to take a safe from the Lexington Comfort Inn.
A customer says on Saturday afternoon, while the manager was in the back room, a man entered the hotel wearing a black ski mask and began pacing. The customer asked if they could help and the masked man said no, he would wait.
The subject followed the customer outside the office and back in. The customer says the subject then jumped the counter and tried to take the safe…and was shaking and grabbing it.
The customer asked the subject what he was doing and the manager re-entered the front area and also asked the subject what he was doing. The customer says the man jumped back over the counter and ran. The manager followed to get a description of the subject's vehicle and called police.
Cozad Police located the vehicle westbound on I-80. Dawson County Deputy performed a felony traffic stop on a 99 Ford Ranger with the assistance of Cozad Police. The subject was arrested and transported to jail.
54 year old Christopher Albro (AL bro) of Auburn, Nebraska was arraigned Monday in Dawson County Court on charges of Attempted Theft By Taking, Value $500 OR Less and Second Degree Criminal Trespass, both 3rd Degree Misdemeanors. Albro's bond was set at $5,000, 10%. His next court appearance, to enter a plea, is tentatively set for Dec. 14.
.
Gros-Islet: Afghanistan captain Asghar Stanikzai hopes his team will get more opportunities to face top-flight cricket nations after their one-day international series against the West Indies ended in a 1-1 draw here Wednesday.
Steady rain forced the abandonment of the third and final one-dayer with not a ball being bowled at St Lucia`s Darren Sammy Stadium with the series balanced at one apiece.
But Stanikzai said he believes his team, who lost a T20 series 3-0, did enough to show they deserve more regular matches against full member nations of the International Cricket Council.
"We didn`t play as well as we could have but I thought we did enough to show that we deserve to play the bigger teams more often," said Stanikzai. "This was a great experience for us and we can look forward now to what lies ahead with greater confidence."
West Indies captain Jason Holder accepted that his team faced a tough challenge.
"We were up against it after the first match but came back well in the second and we have shown in the previous series against Pakistan that we can compete with the best teams in the world also," he commented. "We just need to put the bits and pieces performances together on a more consistent basis for us to really move up the rankings in international cricket."
West Indies are currently ranked ninth in ODI`s and should they fail to reach the top eight by the cut-off date of September 30 this year, they will have to go through a qualifying tournament next year for the 2019 World Cup in England.
Afghanistan leg-spinner Rashid Khan, with combined figures of ten for 44 over the two ODIs that were played was named Man of the Series.
"This tour was a great experience for me coming out of the Indian Premier League and gives me great confidence moving forward with my career as part of the Afghanistan team," he stated. "Our next challenge is against the MCC at Lord`s next month and I hope we can show the benefit of this experience at that match."
West Indies now turn their attention to hosting India for five ODIs and a lone T20 International, starting June 23 in Trinidad.
HOLYOKE -- The Springfield Puerto Rican Parade is a month away and organizers are expecting hundreds of marching contingents and thousands of spectators.
The Springfield Puerto Rican Parade Committee will be accepting registrations, for any groups interested in marching in the parade, at the Holyoke Mall on Aug. 19 and Aug. 26 from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
The registration events are being held in an effort to facilitate the process for local community groups, businesses and organizations that wish to participate in this year's parade, which will be Sept. 17.
Members of the Springfield Puerto Rican Parade Committee will be available at the Holyoke Mall to answer any questions and assist in completing the forms. Copies of the registration forms will be available or may be downloaded in advance at the parade website, springfieldpuertoricanparade.com.
NATIONAL
Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha (R) attends a round-table meeting of the European Union`s Foreign Affairs Council on March 19, 2018 in Brussels, Belgium. (photo courtesy of the EU) (Yonhap)
The top diplomats of South Korea and the member countries of the European Union have reaffirmed that they will work closely together to achieve a peaceful and negotiated solution of North Korean nuclear issues, the foreign ministry said Tuesday.Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha attended the EU Foreign Affairs Council's meeting on Monday in Brussels, Belgium to give a briefing on the recent diplomatic developments on the Korean Peninsula and discuss cooperation between the two sides."The EU's policy of critical engagement with the DPRK ... has gone hand in hand with our own policy on the North Korean nuclear issue, one of pressure and sanctions on the one hand, but also seeking dialogue towards a peaceful resolution on the issue," Kang said in a press statement on the sidelines of the council. DPRK stands for the North's official full name, Democratic People's Republic of Korea.EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini said, "Pressure is not a goal in itself," and that the objective of the EU is to "help open the political path for a peaceful, negotiated solution of the North Korean nuclear issue.""We, as the EU, stand ready to do our part in this process," she also said, adding that "We have a rare chance in the coming months to make peace prevail on the Korean Peninsula." "It is an opportunity we believe we cannot afford to miss."The consultations between South Korea and the EU come as Seoul is poised for a summit between President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in late April for what could possibly be a breakthrough in the long-running North Korean nuclear issue. President Donald Trump has also agreed to meet with Kim by May to discuss permanent denuclearization of the country.Kang said she will "make the most out of this momentum towards our shared goal of the complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea" in cooperation with the EU.In a following round-table lunch meeting, the foreign ministers shared the view that the upcoming summits would be a pivotal chapter for improving inter-Korean relations and resolving the North Korean nuclear issue in a peaceful manner, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs here. They also agreed to further strengthen strategic communication and cooperation between South Korea and the EU going forward.Kang's attendance at the round-table lunch meeting of the EU council was arranged at the invitation of the EU to discuss the urgent issue. It was the first time a South Korean foreign minister has attended the monthly meeting of foreign ministers of the EU member countries."The discussion helped raise European countries' understanding of the recent progress on the peninsula and once again affirmed the EU's attention and support for our government's efforts to resolve the North Korean issue peacefully and build a permanent peace on the peninsula," the ministry noted.Also Monday in Belgium, Kang held a separate meeting with Jens Stoltenberg, secretary general of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, to discuss North Korean issues and cooperation, the ministry also said.The secretary general "welcomed" the recent progress made in diplomacy with North Korea and pledged the NATO's proactive cooperation for the successful hosting of the inter-Korean, US-North summits, according to the ministry.He also reasserted NATO's stance that the on-going international sanctions and pressure on North Korea should continue in order to achieve practical denuclearization of the country, the ministry also noted.Kang and Stoltenberg also consented to closer cooperation on anti-terrorism, cybersecurity and other areas of mutual interest.(Yonhap)
LARAMIE, Wyo. — Nate Grimes had a career-high 20 points to go with 12 rebounds as Fresno State thundered past Wyoming 80-62 on Saturday afternoon.
Fresno State sprinted to an early lead and went into intermission holding a 46-30 advantage. The Bulldogs finished with the largest victory margin in their history in a Mountain West road game.
The last time these teams met was last season when Wyoming took a 102-100 victory in four overtimes.
Wyoming had won four straight Mountain West games, including a 104-103 double overtime win over then No. 23 Nevada, before encountering the Bulldogs. The Cowboys have won six overtime contests this year, tying an NCAA Division I record.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother returned to our TV screens in style on January 2, with 16 new housemates being voluntarily locked up for the foreseeable future.
Last year, in a surprise twist, announced by host Emma Willis, there was NO prize money for the eventual winner.
Instead the champion of CBB series 20, Sarah Harding, received £50,000 for a charity of her choice.
This year there is no prize money or charity fund, which makes securing a good salary all the more important and worthwhile to keep the celebrities going until the bitter end.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: C5)
As you'd expect, none of the housemates ever actually discuss their salary or confirm the rumours about who is paid what, so there's no word on whether any six-figure deals are actually accurate.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
Former politician and Strictly Come Dancing contestant Ann Widdecombe is rumoured to be this year's highest paid star with a reported cheque of £100,000. She no doubt would think she should get double that to put up with the foul language, sexual references and drunken antics of her fellow housemates.
It's not clear what the rest of the housemates are on this year but the rule generally is the lesser well known, the lower the pay out. Therefore the likes of Ashley James, Jess Impiazzi and Jonny Mitchell may well have received less than the legends that are former footie hero John Barnes and US rapper Ginuwine.
(Image: Channel 5)
One thing is for sure, Channel 5 are never afraid to dig deep when it comes to securing their dream housemates.
On Bit On The Side last year, Katie Price made a suggestion as to how much her arch enemy Jemma Lucy could be cashing in for her appearance.
"You didn't pay £50,000 for Jemma. She is worth nothing," Katie blasted.
A quick search through the archives shows plenty of celebrity housemates linked to eye-watering salaries over the years ranging from Ray J 's record breaking seven-figure sum to a more modest but still amazing £150,000.
Here's the rumoured Top 10 salaries for CBB housemates:
Ray J - Series 19, 2017
(Image: Copyright unknown)
The rapper is rumoured to be the highest paid contestant in CBB history. He's famous for being Brandy's brother, dating Whitney Houston, and making that infamous sex tape with then-girlfriend Kim Kardashian.
According to reports, American musician Ray J was earning a huge $1 million (£810,000) to appear which, if true, makes him the highest paid CBB housemate in history.
According to TMZ , producers also threw in $30,000 (£24,000) to cover the musician's travel and hotel costs in the UK. (Though Ray J's manager declined to comment.)
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt - Series 19, 2017
(Image: Copyright unknown)
The husband and wife duo finished runner-up in CBB 11 in 2013, the series won by Rylan Clark-Neal. They found fame on US scripted reality show The Hills and tied the knot on screen.
David Gest - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Late music producer and personality David appeared on CBB 17 in 2016 and was involved in one of the show's most infamous moments: when fellow housemate Tiffany Pollard mistakenly thought he'd died rather than David Bowie. Sadly, Gest did pass away a few months later.
Kate Price - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
The Pricey was a surprise late entrance to CBB's 17th series and ended up winning. But her experience in the house was marred because of a painful wound on her chest caused by a boob job procedure before she arrived.
Katie Hopkins - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
The outspoken radio personality, columnist and former Apprentice candidate didn't hold back when it came to sharing her opinions in the house. She finished runner-up to Katie Price.
Kellie Maloney - Series 14, 2014
(Image: Channel 5/PLANET PHOTOS)
Boxing promoter Kellie Maloney appeared in the 14th series of the show, which was won by US actor Gary Busey. Host Emma Willis called Kellie's exit "bittersweet" as she'd loved watching her on screen.
Janice Dickinson - Series 16, 2015
(Image: Â© Channel 5 Broadcasting)
Janice, who describes herself as the world's first supermodel, was TV gold in series 16, after making a late arrival on day two.
Jonathan Cheban - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Kim Kardashian's bestie makes frequent appearance on Keeping Up With The Kardashians but only lasted seven days in the house before walking out voluntarily.
Stephanie Pratt - Series 14, 2014
Before Speidi entered the house, Spencer Pratt's younger sister Stephanie gave it a go. Best known for her appearances on The Hills and Made In Chelsea, she struck up a friendship with Gogglebox's George Gilbey in the compound.
Danniella Westbrook - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Former EastEnders star Danniella provided a mother-like figure in the house during her series, which was dominated by the antics of younger housemates including Scotty T and Megan McKenna .
Perez Hilton - Series 15, 2015
(Image: Channel 5)
The US gossip blogger was the most controversial contestant of his series, earning himself numerous headlines thanks to his behaviour. He famously staged a fake walkout as part of a task only to stun housemates when he later returned.
Ulrika Jonsson - CBB 6, 2009
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It feels like ages ago Ulrika was on CBB; her series included Michelle Heaton, Austin Powers actor Verne Troyer and Tina Malone. She was the only female housemate to reach the finale and was eventually crowned winner.
Christopher Biggins - Series 18, 2016
(Image: WireImage)
iBiggins had previously won I'm A Celebrity but wasn't able to repeat that success with CBB. He was axed from the show on day nine after being accused of making an offensive joke about Nazism. He later said he was “mortified” to have caused offence. His removal led to speculation he may not receive his full fee.
Stephanie Davis - Series, 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Celebrity Big Brother returns for 2017 and Calum Best's bewildered face sums up a lukewarm launch night
The former Hollyoaks star wasn't a household name going into CBB but she certainly is now! She struck up a flirtatious relationship with housemate Jeremy McConnell and kissed him on screen despite having a boyfriend, Sam Reece, on the outside.
The two enjoyed an on-off romance after leaving the show, which ended messily when he was convicted of assault on her and common law damage and was spent to prison for a short time. They share son Caben-Albi, although Jeremy isn't allowed to contact Steph and isn't currently seeing his son.
Not everyone is so lucky, however.
CBB uber villain and most talked about contestant Stephen Bear ? Well, according to reports he only took home £12,000 for his role on the show despite emerging as the most controversial housemate of the year.
(Image: PA)
Bear was a familiar face to Ex on the Beach fans ahead of CBB so perhaps that's why his payday was £12,000. Despite getting the lowest salary of his series, the lothario dominated headlines thanks to his behaviour inside the house which included dumping girlfriend Lillie Lexie Gregg on live TV and hooking up with housemate Chloe Khan .
He later said: “I got paid £12,000 to go on there, [other housemates] get a hundred grand. I would have done it for nothing. All they talked about was, 'I got this much money, I got this much.' Who cares? It's a bit of paper. It's all they talked about in there. It was so boring."
—Photo by Getty Images
NEW DELHI: Afghanistan will make its Test debut in 2019 when India hosts the cricketing minnows for their first five-day match since attaining full status, officials said Monday.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India has unveiled the future tour schedule for the world's number-one team, with a Test series against Afghanistan included in the 81-match home line-up across all formats.
The board has not yet decided on a date for the historic visit from Afghanistan, which in June joined Ireland in becoming the newest teams granted Test status by the International Cricket Council.
“Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan, we decided to host their first Test,” BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary said in New Delhi.
India has acted as a mentor for Afghanistan cricket, allowing the national side from the war-torn nation to play home matches for shorter formats of the game on the outskirts of Delhi.
Earlier this year, spin sensation Rashid Khan and former captain Mohammad Nabi became the first two Afghan players to be picked in the Indian Premier League auctions.—AFP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cockroach infestation has forced a hospital to close a kitchen used to provide meals for staff and visitors.
Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport, Greater Manchester, has had to take the unusual step after restaurant staff found the insects in the kitchen.
Hot food is no longer being served from the kitchen until the problem, described as a "small number" of the pests, is eradicted.
An 'essential deep clean' will now be carried out at the hospital.
The canteen serves food for staff and visitors, but is separate from the kitchen used to cook patients' meals - which is unaffected, hospital bosses said.
(Image: Getty Images)
Environmental health officers from Stockport Council were also called in and are said to be working with the hospital and the contractor who runs the cafe to deal with the problem.
A spokesman for Stockport NHS Foundation Trust, which runs Stepping Hill, told the Manchester Evening News : “We have closed our restaurant kitchen for deep cleaning after pests were found.
"The restaurant is for staff and visitors, and is separate to the kitchen for our patients.
“The kitchen for our patients is in a different location and has not been affected. Sandwiches, hot and cold drinks are still available in our restaurant. We cannot yet confirm when the restaurant kitchen will open for hot food.
“We take food hygiene very seriously, and are working with environmental health officers and the retail contractor who runs our restaurant to ensure we can serve hot meals to staff and visitors as soon as possible.”
(Image: MEN Media)
The hospital's main kitchen, which produces patients' meals, has not been affected and is operating as normal.
A message on the Stepping Hill website says the restaurant is currently not serving hot food ‘due to essential deep cleaning'.
It adds: “We will open the restaurant for hot food as soon as possible. Sandwiches, hot and cold drinks will be available. We apologise for any inconvenience.”
The restaurant was given a five out of five ‘very good' rating following its last food hygiene inspection in April, last year.
A Stockport Council spokesperson said: “Following a complaint to the Council visits were carried out to Stepping Hill Hospital by the Council's Environmental Health Team. ]"The visits indicated that cockroaches were present in the restaurant kitchen. The affected areas were closed by the hospital whilst a deep clean took place.
“A re-visit will take place and a decision will then be made about re-opening the kitchen areas.
"The Council's Environmental Heath Officers are working with the hospital and the restaurant operator to resolve the situation as soon as possible.
"This was a complaint visit rather than a formal food standards inspection, so no food standards inspection report would have been completed.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The far right organiser of the violent Charlottesville rally had to be escorted away by riot police after angry mobs descended upon his makeshift press conference.
Jasson Kessler is a white supremacist who organised to Unite the Right protest, which lead to three deaths and serious injuries on Saturday.
A 32-year-old woman, Heather Heyes, was killed after an alt-right protester drove his car into a crowd of people peacefully carrying out a counterprotest.
Kessler attempted to make a public speech blaming the lack of security for the deaths at the protests.
(Image: REUTERS)
But his words were soon drowned out by chants of "murderer" and "Nazi" as crowds of people poured onto the podium and the far right leader had to be escorted away by riot police.
Angry mobs chased the President of 'America First' away, with many trying to pull him to the ground.
As armed police in protective gear pulled Kessler away a member of the crowd can be heard to say "her name was Heather, sir, her name was Heather, Jason, her blood is on your hands".
(Image: Rex Features)
Another heckler said: "Jason, what do you have to say for yourself?".
The white nationalist blogger had previously said supporters of the rally would not back down and would stage more events.
He said: "Absolutely we are going to have further demonstrations in Charlottesville because our constitutional rights are being denied."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Far right protester James Alex Fields Jr, 20, has been charged with second-degree murder following Heather Heyer's death.
The FBI confirmed that a civil rights investigation has been launched into the crash.
Earlier in the day, Fields was photographed standing with members of alt-right Vanguard America at a far-right rally that turned violent with fights in the streets before the alleged car attack.
Fields was pictured holding a black shield bearing the neo-Nazi group's logo, and wearing its uniform consisting of a white polo shirt and khaki trousers.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
"Blood and soil", the group's motto, which is derived from a Nazi slogan, was chanted by white nationals at the rally.
The Southern Poverty Law Center calls Vanguard America a "racist right-wing organisation" and said it helped to organise to Unite the Right rally.
In the aftermath of the alleged car attack, Vanguard America denied that the suspect was one of its members.
It wrote on Twitter: "The driver of the vehicle that hit counterprotesters today was, in no way, a member of Vanguard America.
"All our members had been safely evacuated by the time of the incident.
"The shields seen do not denote membership, nor does the white shirt. The shirts were freely handed out to anyone in attendance."
Fields' Facebook page allegedly featured a number of alt-rights and Nazi images, including Adolf Hitler's baby photo, before it was taken offline, the New York Daily News reports.
Fields' former teacher Derek Weimer told the TV news station WCPO: “He was very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler.
"He also had a huge military history, especially with German military history and World War II. But, he was pretty infatuated with that stuff.”
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, was killed and 19 others injured when a Dodge Challenger ploughed into a group peacefully protesting and then slammed into another vehicle while tensions in the street were high and a number of fights had already broken out.
Her final public Facebook post read: "If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention."
Mourners returned to the crash scene today to place flowers, cards and other objects in tribute to Ms Heyer.
Shocking footage showed the car hitting pedestrians as bystanders rushed to help the injured.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
Some described the collision as "deliberate terrorism" - and called on officials and US President Donald Trump to "treat it" as a terror attack.
After smashing into the activists, the car was filmed reversing back down the street at speed, with a single, red shoe flying out from under its wrecked bumper.
Trump has faced criticism for 'waiting too long' to address the violence and failing to explicitly condemn the white supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The White House said the president's remarks condemned all forms of violence and bigotry, including neo-Nazi groups and the Ku Klux Klan.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency due to the violence.
Two Virginia State Police officers were also killed when a helicopter, which had been monitoring the violence from the air, crashed and burst into flames.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The officers were identified as pilot Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, 40.
Dramatic footage from earlier in the day showed people throwing punches and hurling objects, including bottles and rocks, as the two sides clashed.
A number of people were treated for injuries at the scene as fighting continued.
Men dressed in military-style uniforms were seen carrying rifles and shields in the area.
Other clips showed chemical sprays and smoke bombs being used.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex Features)
It was around a couple of hours later that the car was filmed ploughing into protesters.
Mayor Mike Signer who tweeted throughout the chaos, pleaded with people to go back home following the smash.
Mr Signer tweeted: "I am furious & heartsick by the car crash that has injured many. Please all-go home to your families. We can work tomorrow. GO HOME! PLEASE!"
Around half an hour later, he added: "I am heartbroken that a life has been lost here. I urge all people of good will - go home."
Trump said "many sides" were involved in the Charlottesville incidents, drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The violence presented Trump with perhaps the first domestic crisis of his young administration.
“We're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia," Trump told reporters at his New Jersey golf course.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
A reporter shouted a question to Trump about whether he had spoken out strongly enough against white nationalists but the president made no comment.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The white supremacist rally was organised in protest over Charlottesville's decision to remove a statue of a Confederate general from a local park.
However, riot police were forced to intervene after the clashes erupted, with helmet-clad officers spotted confronting demonstrators at the scene.
Mr McAuliffe, a Democrat, halted the planned rally, but that did not stop the violence.
About 15 people were injured after rival groups fought pitched battles using fists, rocks and pepper spray.
Addressing the white supremacists, the governor said: "There is no place for you here. There is no place for you in America."
Former president Bill Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders also tweeted about the incident, hitting out at the white supremacists.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Mr Clinton posted: "Even as we protect free speech and assembly, we must condemn hatred, violence and white supremacy. #Charlottesville."
Mr Sanders said: "The white nationalist demonstration in #Charlottesville is a reprehensible display of racism and hatred that has no place in our society."
They also encircled and chanted at the counter-demonstrators while standing at the base of a statue of former US president Thomas Jefferson.
Their chants reportedly included the words: "White lives matter".
(Image: Anadolu)
(Image: Anadolu)
A university spokesman said one person had been arrested while several people were injured.
The events highlight a persistent debate in the US South over the display of the Confederate battle flag and other symbols of the rebel side in the Civil War, fought over the issue of slavery.
On Friday night, hundreds of white marchers had clashed briefly with counter-protesters on the Charlottesville campus of the University of Virginia.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
The marchers were seen carrying blazing torches during the incident, which occurred on the eve of the planned "Unite the Right" rally.
About two dozen people were arrested in Charlottesville in July when the Ku Klux Klan rallied against the plan to remove the statue.
Torch-wielding white nationalists also demonstrated in May against the removal.
Losing to Belgium in the group stages meant that England fell into the easier half of the bracket, and their route to the final is a lot more straightforward than it is for others. Belgium is facing Brazil in the quarters, while England faces Sweden. With all due respect to Sweden, they are not at the level of Brazil and, if given the choice, England would play them 10 times out of 10.
Of course, that's not to say that the game is already won. On the contrary, judging by how chaotic this World Cup has been, Sweden should probably be labelled the favourite. England will stick to what has worked so well up to this point, though, their results confirming that they're doing something right. This isn't a team blessed with star quality all over the pitch, but the approach to each match puts it in a good position to get a result.
The team in general is allowed to play with much more expressive freedom than previous England squads, and that has shown through the fluidity with which they play. For the first time ever, England players are positioning themselves between defensive lines, allowing players to utilize the space there, and receive the ball in dangerous areas.
Manager Gareth Southgate has faith in his 3-5-2 formation, and it allows England to have more of the ball. His defenders are quite happy with the ball at their feet, and this gives an aura of calmness to proceedings.
For all intents and purposes, it just looks like this England side is a much better, cohesive team than we've ever seen previously. Their midfield is stacked with tenacity and guile from Henderson, Deli Alli, and Jesse Lingard. With attacking options such as Raheem Sterling, Marcus Rashford and, most importantly, Harry Kane, England will be confident going into Saturday's game.
Even more exciting is that players like Ali, Lingard, and especially Sterling has at least another level to hit before they replicate their domestic form for England, meaning that we still haven't seen them at their very best. If they manage to find that form before this World Cup finishes, then England will really fancy their chances.
As ever, it's one game at a time for this England side, and they definitely won't be getting ahead of themselves with an important game against Sweden to focus on.
But, there has got to be a little part of them that's dreaming of that spot in the final. Now they've got to get themselves there.
David Lewis is a sportswriter from Manchester, U.K., with a focus on international and European club soccer.
David Lewis is a sportswriter from Manchester, U.K., with a focus on international and European club soccer.
The End Of The “Wars On The Cheap” For The United States Video – South Front
Video Source
Sharing is caring!
They got a trophy and a championship belt to boot. An Austin police officer and his K9 partner took first place at the regional K9 trials this week.
Officer Derek Ellis and his Belgian Malinois, Rudy, competed in the United States Police Canine Association's Region 12 Patrol Dog Certification, which took place in Fargo, N.D., from Sunday through Tuesday.
Officer Ellis and Rudy won the championship by scoring 693 points out of a possible 700, beating nearly 90 other dogs and handlers from around the Midwest. The teams competed in events involving agility, obedience, evidence and suspect searches, and more. When it came time to demonstrate Rudy's bite and takedowns, fellow Austin Officer Ryan Leif played the role of decoy.
Officer Ellis and Rudy have been together for nearly two years. After going through the event, their bond is even stronger.
"We're already pretty close. I mean, he's really my pet when we're at home. We come to work and he's still my pet -- we're just working. We're together 24/7 and going up there, really just trying to have fun and do well at the trials, I'd say we're even closer than we were," said Officer Ellis.
He added that there is still room for improvement, and he hopes to achieve an even higher score next year.
Officer Ellis' father was also A K9 handler who worked at the Mower County Sheriff's Office.
Authorities Hope To Avoid Knee-Jerk Reaction To Crime Stats
A group of current and retired police chiefs are hoping to talk the Trump administration out of a return to what they see as a "lock 'em up" approach to law enforcement.
MORE than 30 eye witnesses could be called in the case against a Murwillumbah man accused of the stabbing murder of a father of four in broad daylight last year.
Charlie Larter tragically lost his life on his 46th birthday after intervening in a brawl in Knox Park, Murwillumbah, between noon and 2pm on June 6 last year.
James Paul Alderton, now 23, was subsequently charged with his murder.
Mr Alderton appeared in Lismore Local Court via video link on Tuesday, where he was represented by public defender Jason Watts.
The 23-year-old also stands accused of stabbing Mr Larter's son Zackary and another man, as well as the theft of a kitchen knife from a nearby Coles supermarket just prior to the alleged stabbings.
Mr Watts told the court he was seeking a further adjournment of the matter so the prosecution could consider some written submissions the defence provided late on Monday.
"I can indicate that Section 91 written submissions were given to the prosecution yesterday,” Mr Watts said.
"I understand my friend needs some time to consider those.”
Mr Watts said the submissions included some 16 witness statements to the alleged events of June 6.
He also said the number of witnesses included in the defence submissions was "less than half” the total number of alleged eye witnesses to the events of the day.
Magistrate Annett Sinclair asked DPP prosecutor Alanna Coxon whether a two-week adjournment was sufficient for the prosecution to consider the submissions ahead of a possible committal hearing.
But Ms Coxon asked for an "lengthier adjournment” because of the large number of witnesses and the gravity of the offence.
Magistrate Sinclair agreed to adjourn the matter until August 7, to return to Lismore Local Court.
There was no application for bail.
WWE Rumor Mill: WWE Championship match for Hell in a Cell PPV leaked?
Shiven Sachdeva FOLLOW ANALYST News 2.29K // 04 Jul 2018, 14:10 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Aj Styles might end up retaining at Extreme Rules
What's the story?
According to the Rumor Roundup on cageside seats, advertising indicates that Samoa Joe is next in line for a shot at AJ Styles' WWE Championship as the Samoan is being advertised as Styles opponent for the Hell in a Cell PPV.
This also indicates that Rusev will most likely not be able to capture the WWE Championship at Extreme Rules.
In case you didn't know...
AJ Styles has been the WWE Champion ever since he defeated Jinder Mahal on an episode of Smackdown in November last year.
Styles had been involved in a rivalry with Shinsuke Nakamura ever since Royal Rumble concluded and the two had a multitude of matches over the period of time which finally concluded when Styles defeated Nakamura at MITB in a last man standing match.
Rusev is currently the number one contender for the WWE Championship and will be facing AJ Styles at the Extreme Rules PPV.
The heart of the matter
Samoa Joe has been grossly underutilized ever since he came to the main roster. If the rumors are true then a Joe vs Styles feud is something that the fans would greatly appreciate as it is a known fact that the two former TNA Superstars have great chemistry in the ring.
Even though Rusev is immensely popular with the crowd and had been on the receiving end of a push as of late, it does not look like WWE has enough faith in him to make him the WWE Champion as of now.
What's next?
AJ Styles will face Rusev for the WWE Championship at the Extreme Rules PPV which will take place on 15th July at the PPG Paints Arena, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
Kendall Jenner and her new beau Ben Simmons enjoyed a hot tub date at the Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills on Tuesday (03.07.18).
The 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star and the 21-year-old athlete drank margaritas and looked super cosy as they had their private area to use the rooftop facilities at the luxury hotel.
The 22-year-old model was wearing a slinky blue swimsuit, whilst the hunky sportsman rocked a casual 'Sister Act 2' tee and bright orange Givenchy swimming shorts.
An onlooker told 'Entertainment Tonight': "Kendall and Ben were getting cosy in the hot tub.
"They snuggled up and looked happy together!"
It seems things are hotting for the couple, as Kendall is reportedly living with Ben now at a mansion in Los Angeles.
A source said recently: "Ben is renting the house. Kendall is not on the lease. It's a gorgeous house, so it makes sense that she wants to stay over as much as possible. Kendall and Ben have spent the past few days together in Los Angeles. They do seem a bit more serious."
The reality star had previously been romantically linked to Ben earlier this year after they were spotted on a string of dates in La La Land, but she threw a spanner in the works last month when she was spotted smooching Anwar Hadid - the brother of Gigi and Bella Hadid - but they played it down by claiming they were "best friends".
A source said at the time: "Kendall is best friends with Anwar's sisters, Gigi and Bella, and she respects them tremendously. Kendall would never want to do anything to put her relationship with Anwar's sisters in jeopardy. Kendall and Anwar have known each other for years and have always been flirtatious and this is just another sign of that. The two enjoy one another's company and things could change, but for now, it's nothing serious."
KINGSTGON, Ont. — The Kingston Frontenacs are still alive in the Ontario Hockey League playoffs.
Defenceman Sean Day had a goal and two assists as Kingston downed the Hamilton Bulldogs in Game 4 of the Eastern Conference final 5-2 on Tuesday.
Sam Field, Cliff Pu, Max Jones and Jason Robertson also scored for the Frontenacs, who still trail the best-of-seven series 3-1.
MacKenzie Entwistle and Arthur Kaliyev found the back of the net for the Bulldogs.
'Personal Grievance' Prompts Oregon Man To Tell Airports Relatives Are Terrorists
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images
Tensions can run high around family weddings, but an Oregon man took his resentment to new heights when he made two phone calls to airports falsely claiming his father and brother were terrorists, according his own admission in a plea deal.
Sonny Donnie Smith's calls resulted in the temporary detainment and questioning of his father and brother and a missed flight. The reason? Smith was told he was not welcome at the family wedding the Smiths were traveling to, according to the plea agreement filed on Thursday.
The 38-year-old from Clackamas, Ore., made the calls on Sept. 3, 2016, to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Smith waived indictment by a federal grand jury to plead guilty to the charge of anonymous telecommunications harassment.
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved before investigators realized it was nothing more than a hoax.
"Today's technology makes some believe they can anonymously create chaos to resolve personal grievances," said Renn Cannon, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon, in a statement. He added that the phony calls forced the bureau to expend limited resources "potentially delaying response to other serious incidents and real victims."
Billy J. Williams, Oregon's U.S. attorney, said in a statement, "False reports intended to harass others waste law enforcement time and resources and will be prosecuted accordingly."
Smith is facing a maximum prison term of two years, a $250,000 fine and a year of supervised release. He is awaiting sentencing on May 10.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
Cordeiro also cited the "opportunity for record revenues" with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
"I think it is the same for Canadians," he said. "They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S."
De Maria called that mobility "a rich powerful tool of our bid."
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
"We're not taking any vote for granted," said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said he was not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
"We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits," he said.
"Look, this is not geopolitics," he added, when pressed on the matter. "We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash."
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Nadal to return to world number one after injured Federer pulls out of Cincinnati
Roger Federer has pulled out of the Cincinnati Masters, meaning Rafael Nadal will return to world number one.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 21:40 IST
19-time grand slam champion Roger Federer
Rafael Nadal will return to world number one for the first time in over three years after Roger Federer pulled out of the Western and Southern Open with a back injury.
Federer was beaten by Alexander Zverev in the final of the Rogers Cup on Sunday, his limited mobility leading to concerns over his fitness ahead of the US Open.
The Swiss, who has already triumphed at the Australian Open and Wimbledon this year, reported only "aches and pains" after the tournament.
But the 19-time grand slam champion's condition is bad enough for him to pull out of a competition he was won seven times.
With Federer claiming no ranking points from the tournament in Cincinnati and Andy Murray, who will also miss out as he recovers from the hip problem that derailed his Wimbledon bid, losing the points he earned by reaching the final in 2016, Nadal will ascend to world number one.
The Spaniard, who won the French Open for a 10th time this year having been beaten by Federer in the final in Melbourne, was last at the top of the rankings the week of June 23, 2014.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Cambridge food scene had a bit of a knock this month when the Michelin star went out at one of our top city restaurants.
Alimentum, based on Hills Road, had held a Michelin star since 2012 but was listed under "Deletions" in the new 2018 Michelin Guide.
Head chef Mark Poynton was "absolutely gutted".
As were we all.
Not least because that leaves Cambridge with only one Michelin-starred restaurant: The two Michelin-starred Midsummer House.
Very nice, but there's not enough room for all us in there.
We know Michelin stars are hard earned, and even harder to retain but surely, SURELY, there are more places in Cambridge capable of obtaining the accolade?
The Cambridge food scene is brilliant. Fact. And quite frankly, we're hungry for more Michelin stars.
So Michelin, if you're reading this, here are our suggestions for places to send your Michelin mystery diner to when considering new entries for 2019.
If it's fine dining you're after then you won't be disappointed:
Graffiti, Hotel Felix
Graffiti is an AA two rosette award-winning restaurant specialising in inventive modern, European cuisine.
Relying on fresh, seasonal ingredients, guests can expect delicious, well-presented dishes and all while enjoying a south-facing terrace and gardens.
A dish to impress Michelin? Try the pan-fried line caught sea bass, king brown and nameko mushrooms, sweetcorn, popcorn puree, sweetcorn shoots and powered black garlic, £24.
Book Graffiti, Hotel Felix, Whitehouse Lane, Cambridge, CB3 0LX
Navadhanya, Newmarket Road
Navadhanya is an Indian fine-dining restaurant created by award winning chefs and staff who come from five-star hotel and Michelin star backgrounds.
So we're half way there.
The menu is described as "keeping the authenticity of flavours but with a refreshing twist".
A dish to impress Michelin? Kali Mirchi Ka Lobster - Lobster tail tossed with shallots, tomatoes, crushed peppercorns and served with basmati rice, £25
Book Navadhanya, 73 Newmarket Rd, Cambridge CB5 8EG.
Restaurant Twenty Two, Chesterton Road
Widely regarded as one of the best restaurants in Cambridge and established more than 30 years ago, this homelike and elegant Victorian dining room offers a monthly fixed-price menu based on fresh market produce.
A dish to impress Michelin? Whole roasted partridge, puy lentils, garlic confit, roasted root vegetables, part of the October Dinner Menu, £40.95
Book Restaurant Twenty Two, 22 Chesterton Rd, Cambridge CB4 3AX.
Marco Pierre White Steakhouse Bar and Grill, Double Tree Hilton
OK, not exactly fine dining, but a steakhouse owned by a celebrity chef and all set against the backdrop of stunning views of Cambridge?
Come on, what more do you Michelin judges want?
A little bit of grapefruit foam or an expertly cooked steak?
We know what we'd pick.
A dish to impress Michelin? Roast chicken a la forestiere - fricassee of wild mushrooms, wilted baby spinach, Dauphinoise potatoes and Madeira roasting juices, £14.25
Book MPW Steakhouse, Mill Lane, Granta Place, Cambridge CB2 1RT.
Cotto, The Gonville Hotel
Those in the know tip this place as a future Michelin winner.
And head chef Hans Schweitzer is no stranger to Michelin either.
He's worked at restaurants worldwide in an executive chef capacity, from the Teheran Arya in Iran to his own restaurant, Table, in Germany, which was awarded a Michelin star when Hans was just 29-years-old.
A dish to impress Michelin? Loch duart salmon, Cromer crab, cucumber flower and soy wasabi ginger miso.
To be honest, we don't really know what any of those ingredients are, but they sound brilliant.
Book Cotto, The Gonville Hotel, Gonville Pl, Cambridge CB1 1NA.
The Cambridge Chop House, King's Parade
With an emphasis on great British classics and unusual cuts of meat, this is all locally sourced and served to reflect the seasons.
Like our mate Marco Pierre White's joint (excuse the pun), it's not exactly fine dining, but meat lovers will know why this is on our list.
A dish to impress Michelin? Roast venison shoulder, haggis mash, heritage carrots, greens and red wine gravy, a whole shoulder for 4 to share is £70.
Book The Cambridge Chop House, 1 King's Parade, Cambridge
Trinity Restaurant, Trinity Street
Newly-opened sister of popular Cambridge restaurant, Varsity, this place quickly shot to the top of Cambridge's Trip Advisor recommendations.
And being sisters, not twins, Trinity is much more focused on seafood than it's sibling.
And we don't need Michelin to tell us this place is good.
A dish to impress Michelin? Seared tuna, chive emulsion, squid ink tapioca, compressed cucumber, herb foam, butterleaves £12.50
Book Trinity Restaurant, 15 Trinity Street, Cambridge.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
SPORTS FEBRUARY 15, 2017
SPORTS FEBRUARY 15, 2017
In girls tournament basketball from Tuesday. The Burlington Notre Dame Nikes hosted Holy Trinity Catholic in Class 1A Regional basketball and the Nikes won 63-41, Johanna Myers hit for 27 points to lead Notre Dame and for HTC Taylor Boeding led them with 9 points. Burlington Notre Dame now advances on to the Regional Semi-Finals and will host Seymour (19-2) Friday night. In the other half of the Regional Lone Tree defeated Waco 57-25 and Easton Valley beat Prince of Peace 64-16. Lone Tree plays at Easton Valley Friday night.
Class 2A Regional action had Sigourney defeated Mediapolis 62-42 on the Savages home court. Mackenzie Rogers had 13 points to lead the Bullettes who end the year with a 16-7 record. Danville defeated Highland 57-42 at Highland, Danville will play Sigourney at Highland Friday night in a Regional semi-final game.
Class 4A Regional play begins tonight for the 12-9 Mt. Pleasant Panthers, they will play 5-16 Washington in Panther Gym at 7 pm, KILJ-FM 105.5 and kilj.com will broadcast live this 3rd meeting between the two teams. MP went to Washington last Friday night and beat the Demons 49-37. Earlier this season in Panther Gym MPHS won 48-35 over Washington. The winner of tonight's game will play Saturday night at #1 ranked Marion. Also tonight Ft. Madison plays at Keokuk with the winner playing at Fairfield Saturday night.
Class 3A Regional semi final action has Central Lee playing at Mid Prairie at 7 pm.
Davenport West plays at Burlington tonight in 5A Regional play, the winner advances to play at Iowa City City High on Saturday.
Mt. Pleasant hosted the state qualifying bowling meet Tuesday at the Iris Bowling Center. Keokuk will advance on to state in both the girl's and boy's division. The Keokuk girls won the qualifier with a 1685 score and advance onto state. Mt. Pleasant was 2nd rolling a 1479, led by Emma Overton with a 365 score.
In the boy's action Keokuk advances to state as they won with a 2054 score the best qualifying score in the state. Mt. Pleasant was 3rd with an 1835 score, Clayton Sammons rolled a 409 series to lead the Panthers.
The Mt. Pleasant Middle School 7th grade girls hosted Fairfield in Mt Pleasant
“A” game: Fairfield 26
Mt Pleasant 10 (record 4-5)
MP scoring: Lydia Ebeling 4
Ava Lowery 4
“B” game: FF 13
MP 2 (5-4)
MP scoring: Jadan Brumbaugh 2
The Mt. Pleasant Middle School 8th grade boy's basketball team played Fairfield yesterday.
A GAME
MT PLEASANT 42
FAIRFIELD 31
Leading Scorers
JACK JOHNSON 15 points
B GAME
FAIRFIELD 24
MT PLEASANT 19
Leading Scorers
DRAKE SNAVELY 6 points
NEXT GAME : THURSDAY at KEOKUK
The track and field season is just around the corner, pre-season practices have begun already, and the IGHSAU and IAHSAA have announced that Mt. Pleasant will once again host a State Qualifying track meet, it is scheduled for May 11th. Waco will be hosting a Class 1A qualifying meet.
RICKY Ponting doesn't mince his words.
The man who wants to coach Australia's Twenty20 team says until the country's best players play the shortest format together the lowly world ranking will remain.
“We're No.7 or 8 in the world, which for me is completely unacceptable,” Ponting told the Sunday Herald Sun .
DELHI: I CAN GET THE BEST OUT OF MAXI: PUNTER
T20: BIG-HITTER SHORT SET FOR HISTORIC DEBUT
FINAL: FANS' PRAYERS ANSWERED FOR BASH FINAL
“Unless we start bringing our better players together more often and having a consistent captain and a consistent group of players then I really don't see how we are going to improve.
“That's one of the things I've spoken to Cricket Australia about.”
Ponting, 43, will serve as national coach Darren Lehmann's assistant in the T20 tri-series and helped caretaker coach Justin Langer in the same role last year.
Camera Icon Ricky Ponting and Justin Langer coached Australia against Sri Lanka. Picture: Getty Images
Ponting also coaches Delhi Daredevils in the IPL — where he purchased Glenn Maxwell for $1.7 million with the belief he can bring out Maxwell's best — and made no secret of his desire to lead Australia.
“I've loved every minute of the Big Bash commentary work, but I've got a bit of a coaching itch that needs scratching,” Ponting said.
“Immediately out of my playing days pretty much I had a chance to coach two years in the IPL and really loved every moment of that.”
Australia is yet to win any T20 silverware and the next World Cup final is set for the MCG in 2020.
By then it could be Ponting's team.
“With just how strategic and tactical the T20 game is becoming you do need to have a new set of eyes and ears, or a few more sets of eyes and ears, getting prepared for each series,” Ponting said.
Camera Icon Ricky Ponting and Adam Gilchrist chat before a Big Bash League match. Picture: Getty Images
“If you think about this summer alone, Darren and all the coaches around the Ashes would've been planning and preparing for the Ashes for maybe up to two years before the Ashes start.
“A T20 or one-day tournament starts right on the back of that and you've just got no time to plan and prepare.
“If that was to happen (a separate T20 coach) then obviously I'd be very interested at having a crack at that.
Listening to Ponting's Network Ten commentary of the Big Bash it is obvious he has one of the world's shrewdest T20 minds.
It is almost psychic the way he can predict who will be tossed the ball, what delivery is coming and what shot a batsman will attempt.
Ponting says he and Adam Gilchrist have an edge in the commentary box as former T20 players and Ponting simply tries to articulate what would be ticking over in the fielding captain's brain.
Speaking before the Strikers' win in Friday night's semi-final, Ponting suspected Hobart Hurricanes' power hitters would secure the BBL trophy.
He urged the opposition attack to nail its variations.
Camera Icon Australia openers Aaron Finch and David Warner. Picture: AAP
“If you're giving (Ben) McDermott a low full-toss or an attempted yorker that just misses on the short side, he'll clear the boundary more often than not,” Ponting said.
“You have to be courageous enough to use your variations, whether it be slower-ball bouncers or yorkers, and then execute them well.”
Nearly every team unleashed a legspinner in the power-play this season and Ponting said that should be No.1 on the Melbourne Stars' shopping list as they hunt two new internationals.
This summer the theme was ‘spin to win' and some of the world's best buys were Rashid Khan (Strikers), Mohammad Nabi (Renegades) and Shadab Khan (Heat). Who had heard of them eight weeks ago?
After spending the past week with the Australian T20 camp, Ponting says the next innovation will be the rise of the switch hit.
“David Warner we've seen make a name for himself being able to turn around and bat right-handed.”
“Aaron Finch can go the other way now and hit left-handed as well. More and more are starting to hit the ball both ways.”
Ponting was surprised middle-order batsmen don't prepare in batting cages.
Camera Icon Renegades Afghan spinner Mohammad Nabi. Picture: Getty Images Camera Icon Rashid Khan celebrates a wicket for Adelaide. Picture: Getty Images
“That's absolutely part of what should happen. No doubt about it,” he said.
“Ten or 12 years ago we had an American fielding coach, Mike Young, around the Aussie team and he couldn't believe we didn't have our No.5, 6, 7 batters in one-day cricket in the nets just waiting to be called out to the middle to play.
“It's even more important now with Big Bash cricket, where you literally do have to go out, if you're a No.6, 7 or 8 batter, and try and hit the first ball for four or six.
“If you have some sort of warm-up that's obviously going to help you.”
Some batters find themselves trapped at the crease unable to connect. If a batsman's poor strike-rate is hurting his team, should a coach retire them?
“That's one thing Mark Waugh's been talking about,” Ponting said.
“Having coached and watched the T20 game a lot in the last four or five years you can see there's going to be a time where it might happen.
“Every coach has probably had a time where he's thought, ‘Geez I wish this guy would get out right now so I can unleash my power hitters, hopefully this guy doesn't chew up too many more dot balls.'
“It's going to be a gutsy thing to do if you're a coach, to retire one of your players, it'd be a pretty courageous thing to do but I guess if it's in the best interest of the team then one day that might happen.”
Ponting says years of studying the BBL has him well versed in team tactics and the strengths and weaknesses of its players.
It's his game, and he loves it.
“Life for me at the moment is in and around the T20 game, and it's a lot of fun.”
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro. Photo: Reuters
Much in life looks obvious after the fact. The challenge is to understand events and trends earlier, which is especially important when the issue is the demise of democracy.
In their excellent new book How Democracies Die, Harvard professors Steven Levitsky and Daniel Ziblatt use international experience to examine the question. In recent cases, the cause was not the overthrow of an elected government, but the actions of elected leaders.
The modus operandi is surprisingly similar. An elected populist demagogue eliminates or weakens the checks and balances on his authority by undermining the independence of the courts and other bodies, severely restricting the freedom of the press, tilting the playing field to make elections easier to win, and delegitimizing and imprisoning political opponents.
Venezuela provided many of the lessons that Levitsky and Ziblatt cite: its democracy is already a corpse. The question there is how to resurrect it—a challenge complicated by the country's ongoing hyperinflation and humanitarian catastrophe. Should Venezuela postpone the re-establishment of democracy and focus on ousting President Nicolás Maduro and reviving the economy, or should it re-establish democracy before tackling economic matters?
Historically, liberalism preceded democracy in Europe. As Princeton University's Jan-Werner Mueller argues in his book Contesting Democracy, combining the two principles, by extending the franchise at the end of the 19th century, made for an unstable compound. On one hand, there is the danger of what Fareed Zakaria called “illiberal democracy”: elected governments that do not respect civil rights. On the other, there is what Harvard's Yascha Mounk calls, “undemocratic liberalism”: regimes that protect individual rights and legal equality, but delegate public policymaking to unelected technocratic bodies like central banks and the European Commission.
In most countries, the wellbeing of the majority depends on the willingness of capitalists, entrepreneurs, managers, and professionals to organize production and create jobs. But these elites are unlikely to do so if their property and civil rights are not protected. Communism can be understood as an attempt to eliminate dependence on these elites by organizing production through the state. But excluding these elites causes a shortage of financial capital and know-how. So, a basic bargain at the core of liberal democracy is the recognition of rights that key minorities value and that are fundamental to generating broader benefits.
What happened in Venezuela was near-elimination of property rights, which caused a massive exodus of those who could organize production. Not coincidentally, this process coincided with an oil boom and massive external borrowing. Dollar abundance convinced the ruling clique that the state could substitute for the productive elite, through nationalization and other forms of collective property. While the mirage lasted, the system could tolerate moderately competitive elections: it had become an illiberal democracy. When the price of oil plummeted in 2014, the mask slipped, and the economy imploded. By December 2015, voters elected a national assembly with a two-thirds opposition majority, signalling to Maduro that even a highly illiberal democracy would not suffice to maintain them in power. At this point, Venezuela descended into outright dictatorship.
So how can democracy be revived? Given the humanitarian crisis, Venezuela needs a rapid economic recovery, which is unlikely unless property rights are credibly re-established. But how is this possible in the context of majority rule? What will prevent a future electoral majority from grabbing assets again after the economy recovers?
Levitsky and Ziblatt warn that democracy requires political competitors to refrain from acting too uncooperatively. Such a system, based on mutual recognition and forbearance, was formalized in Venezuela in 1958, through the Punto Fijo Pact, which stabilized democracy for 40 years, before Chávez denounced and destroyed it. Such pacts cannot extend recognition to organizations that oppose democracy.
Spanish democracy died in the 1930s because a system of mutual recognition among fascists, conservatives, liberals, and Communists was impossible. Democracy in West Germany after World War II required a denazification process that banished the worldview that had led to disaster. As Frederick Taylor discusses in his book Exorcising Hitler, society-wide rejection of Nazi ideology did not happen overnight. It required concerted political action. After all, in 1952, 25% of West Germans still had a positive view of Hitler, and 37% thought that their country was better off without the Jews.
Likewise, in Venezuela today, it will be impossible to re-establish liberal democracy if the current regime is allowed to return and expropriate again. Venezuela's recovery depends on its capacity to translate the current catastrophe into a set of new social norms of the form: “never again shall we…”
There can be no stable democracy in Venezuela if it must co-exist with a large, totalitarian political party that can rely on funding from a corrupt, money-laundering elite. And such co-existence would rule out a robust or long-lasting economic recovery, because it would limit the credibility of individual rights. To secure liberal democracy, Venezuela must exorcise not only the regime and its henchmen, but also the world view that put them in power. ©2018/Project Syndicate
Ricardo Hausmann is director of the Center for International Development at Harvard University and a professor of economics at the Harvard Kennedy School.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
A suspect is in custody after a man was shot and killed near a CTA Red Line station on the South Side early Monday, Chicago police said.Surveillance video showed the 33-year-old victim get into an argument with another man inside the Garfield Station on the Red Line in the 200-block of West Garfield Avenue at about 2:39 a.m., police said.After a CTA employee told the men to leave, they complied and continued to argue as they left the station. Outside of the station, the suspect pulled out a gun and shot the victim in the head and chest, police said.The man was transported to Stroger Hospital in critical condition, where he was later pronounced dead, police said.Chicago police said officers took the suspect into custody within a few minutes of the incident and a weapon has been recovered.Red Line trains were not stopping at the Garfield Station while police investigated, but normal service was restored by 5 a.m.CTA riders at the station Monday morning said they typically feel safe there."I usually do because sometimes there's police, they also have the dogs. Usually, everybody is coming and going to work," said commuter Niachole Moore."It's just hard to see anybody tragically shot on these streets," said commuter Adam Knox.Chicago police said they would be increasing patrols at CTA stations.
Humans have suffered from migraines for millennia. Yet, despite decades of research, there isn't a drug on the market today that prevents them by targeting the underlying cause. All of that could change in a few months when the FDA is expected to announce its decision about new therapies that have the potential to turn migraine treatment on its head.
The new therapies are based on research begun in the 1980s showing that people in the throes of a migraine attack have high levels of a protein called calcitonin gene–related peptide (CGRP) in their blood.
Step by step, researchers tracked and studied this neurochemical's effects. They found that injecting the peptide into the blood of people prone to migraines triggers migraine-like headaches, whereas people not prone to migraines experienced, at most, mild pain. Blocking transmission of CGRP in mice appeared to prevent migraine-like symptoms. And so a few companies started developing a pill that might do the same in humans.
Clinical trials of the first pills were effective against migraine but halted in 2011 over concerns about potential liver damage. So, four pharmaceutical companies rejiggered their approach. To bypass the liver, all four instead looked to an injectable therapy called monoclonal antibodies — tiny immune molecules most commonly used to treat cancer. Not only do these bypass the liver to block CGRP, but one injection appears to be effective for up to three months with almost no noticeable side effects.
Two manufacturers, Amgen (in collaboration with Novartis) and Teva Pharmaceuticals, have completed clinical trials and expect to hear from the FDA by June whether the therapies have been approved. Two more companies, Eli Lilly and Alder Biopharmaceuticals, plan to file for FDA approval later this year.
Current treatments don't always work
It's been a long time coming. Right now, the only available preventive treatments are accidental discoveries: A number of people prescribed medications for depression, high blood pressure and epilepsy discovered migraine relief, too. Now, many of those drugs, including propranolol and topiramate, have been tested and approved for migraine. But no one drug works for everyone, and side effects can prove intolerable or downright unpleasant.
Migraines are throbbing, one-sided headaches that can be accompanied by nausea as well as sensitivity to light, sound, smell, and movement. At their best, the headaches are an annoyance. At their worst, they can be completely debilitating. So for those of us who get numerous migraines each month, the prospect of a new approach feels almost life-changing.
According to one recent survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 10 percent of men and 20 percent of women in the U.S. reported having had a migraine in the last three months. And up to two percent of all Americans has at least 15 migraine days every single month. The toll such pain can take on health, morale, and productivity is substantial.
My own migraines started when I was 13. They struck a few times a week and I thought they were normal headaches. For a while, I tried the usual over the counter pain relievers but, one by one, they stopped working. By age 25, I started to wonder if there was something seriously wrong with my head. My general practitioner diagnosed me with migraines, gave me my first preventive medication — an antidepressant — then sent me to see a specialist.
Since that day more than 17 years ago, I have tried six preventive prescription medications. Not one helped. I alternated among four different, neurologist-recommended supplements, all to no avail. I received bi-monthly injections of magnesium and participated in one of the first clinical trials of Botox. And while Botox seemed to decrease my migraines by one or two per month, it wasn't enough to bother fighting about it with a new insurance company. I exercised regularly. I experimented with an elimination diet that left me eating nothing but broccoli and white rice, but still the migraines came. I averaged about 15 to 20 each month.
Still, I considered myself lucky. The headaches almost never came with nausea, and I had medications that typically ousted them within an hour or two. All told, I usually lost only a few hours of productivity a week.
When I grew older and had two children, my body changed and my migraines changed, too. I get them less frequently now, but when they come, they can stick around for a few days or even a week. Abortive medications still work, except when they don't. So when I heard about a new approach that was making its way through a number of pharmaceutical company pipelines, I began combing through the national clinical trials database to find a trial near me. I found one about 80 miles away, which didn't seem too far a trek considering the tantalizing reward of a migraine-free life. I made an appointment.
Clinical trials seem promising
David Dodick, a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Ariz., has been involved in multiple clinical trials with each of the four anti-CGRP antibody treatments in development. And, he admits, he's optimistic. He has good reason to be: Each of the therapies decreases migraine frequency by at least one to two days per month. "In a field where, over time, the progress and pace of research in understanding the underlying biology and mechanism of disease has been slow, this was very exciting," he says.
Because migraines are not life-threatening, most drugs have to pass a pretty high bar to be approved. And so far, patients on the experimental treatments report limited side effects that consist mostly of pain at the injection site. Unlike the current preventive medications, there is no nausea, no fuzzy thinking, no nerve pain, no weight loss or gain. And instead of remembering to take a daily pill, there is just a once-monthly injection.
Neurologists already have patients eager to test these therapies, especially when everything else they've tried hasn't worked. "There's a big hole to fill, both in prevention and acute therapies," says Alexander Mauskop, director of the New York Headache Center in New York City. (Full disclosure: He's my former neurologist.) "If I have someone who's really suffering and can't find a solution, I tell them that in June I might have something new for them to try." Right now, he says, he has a list of about two dozen such patients.
High price tag
Even if the new therapies are approved, however, patients may still have to jump through a number of hoops to get them. Biologic therapies like these are expensive, and treatment could reportedly range anywhere from $8,000 to $18,000 a year. At that price, Mauskop and other neurologists expect insurance companies to require patients to have tried just about everything else first.
The other hitch at this stage is a lack of long-term safety data. "If someone is well-controlled with Botox or another drug, I'd not suggest they switch," Mauskop says. "With Vioxx, it took 10 years before they discovered that it increased the risk of heart problems."
Side effects are a potential concern. Elizabeth Loder, chief of headache at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, points out that because CGRP constricts blood vessels, there may be potential long-term effects on blood pressure or other cardiovascular function. In women of childbearing age, who are the ones most prone to frequent migraines, "you can imagine that might have effects on fertility or placental function."
Right now, the longest patients have been on one of these new therapies is one to two years.
I ask Mauskop whether he'd recommend I enroll in a clinical trial, given my failure to respond to most everything else. He pauses, noting that he's no longer my neurologist and that he can't really give me any suggestions. But then he says that, since I'd previously shown some response to Botox, perhaps I might want to give it another try. I think about my two young children and my risk tolerance. Perhaps in ten years I'll feel differently. For now, however, I pick up the phone and cancel my clinical trial appointment.
Lauren Gravitz is a science writer and editor in Hershey, Penn. Her work has appeared in Nature, The Economist, Aeon, Discover, The Oprah Magazine, and more. Find her at www.laurengravitz.com and @lyrebard.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It might be a new year, Jeremy McConnell looks set to keep his old ways.
The former Celebrity Big Brother star has been accused of sleeping with someone's girlfriend after a recent nightclub appearance.
Twitter user Liam Topham rushed to social media to make the shocking claims, which he backed up with screenshots of his girlfriend's messages to Jeremy.
The DMs showed his partner arranging a late night meet up with the womaniser at his hotel room in the early hours of the morning.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: INstagram)
To make matters worse, after tagging the star in his tweets, Jeremy noticed and swiftly decided to block him.
Jeremy seemed to end 2016 with a kiss as he allegedly smooched with a mystery blonde on New Year's Eve.
(Photo: Twitter)
The star - whose ex Stephanie Davis is expected to give birth this month after accusing him of abandoning her during the pregnancy - appeared in a Snapchat clip that appears to have since been deleted as he planted a kiss on the girl at a bar.
In a clip said to be from his profile on the photo sharing app, the pair can be seen locking lips as the tattooed reality star wishes his fans the best.
"Happy new year," the caption read.
Meanwhile, his former lover Steph has not given birth yet - but pals say there is a very good reason she has begun a sudden social media silence.
(Photo: Snapchat)
A close friend told Mirror Online Steph and baby (unborn baby) were doing well - but added Steph felt forced off social media.
"Someone close to Steph is leaking false and hurtful stories which, at this stage of her pregnancy, Steph is finding it hard to cope with - so she has come off social media for the time being," they said.
Mirror Celeb has contacted Jeremy's rep for comment.
7526 N Seeley Ave., #202
7728 N Ashland Ave., #2d
1460 W Fargo Ave., #G9
6415 N Sheridan Rd., #1003
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Rogers Park?We've rounded up the latest rental offerings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to finding a rental in this Chicago neighborhood if you've got a budget of $1,300 / month. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)Read on for the listings.Listed at $1,295 / month, this 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment is located at 7526 N Seeley Ave.In this apartment, you can anticipate a dishwasher, air conditioning, hardwood floors and in-unit laundry. When it comes to building amenities, anticipate on-site management. Both cats and dogs are allowed.(Take a look at the complete listing here .)Next, there's this 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom, 500-square-foot apartment, located at 7728 N Ashland Ave. and listed for $1,275 / month.Tenants will find this unit features hardwood floors, a fireplace, granite kitchen countertops, high ceilings, central air conditioning and heat, exposed brick, ample closet space and bay windows. Good news for pet owners: cats and dogs are welcome.(See the complete listing here .)Here's a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 1460 W Fargo Ave. that's going for $1,250 / month.This spacious apartment includes hardwood and tile floors, a fireplace and wooden kitchen cabinets. You'll find the building features a fitness room. Both cats and dogs are allowed.(Check out the complete listing here .)Located at 6415 N Sheridan Rd., here's a 750-square-foot, 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment that's listed for $1,248 / month.In this bright unit, you can expect hardwood floors, a dishwasher, ample closet space, ceiling fans, built-in air conditioning units and granite kitchen countertops. Cats and dogs aren't allowed.(See the complete listing here .)---
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I don't mean intelligent opinions about the political landscape or even stupid opinions about the political landscape, I mean annoying opinions. You're familiar with the ones, the ‘You know what you really need to do…' ones.
For example, I have just finished having a lot of work done on the house. For nearly two years I've had to fight with the mortgage company, wrangle with the planning department, negotiate with builders, live in a homemade entirely of dust and those round bits of metal that hold scaffolding together you keep finding once you have builders in, try to not fall out of the big hole in the back of the house, sweep snow out of the house because it had blown in through the big hole, wash my plates in the bath, wash my body in the sink, boil the kettle in the bedroom, cook in a microwave in the hallway, eat balancing a plate on a sack of cement in the front room and come in to work with bits of plaster in the back of my hair.
Let's just say it has been a slog. And then people come round to see it and they say, ‘Oh, you know what you really need to do? You need to get a shoe rack.' Let's just say I have been counting to 10, A LOT.
(Image: Getty)
You know when else these pointless small interjections happen? Anything to do with illness. You can have an ailment, and have been to the doctor, the consultant, the specialist, the World Health Organisation, hiked for 5 days in a snowstorm to be blessed by a 1,000-year-old shaman who lives at the top of the highest mountain in Neverlandia, undergone dodgy treatment in the backstreets of Moscow because it hasn't been licensed in this country yet and people will say, ‘You know what you really need to do? Try taking a paracetamol.'
(Image: Getty)
Why? Why, though? Why speak? They are not listening to anything anybody is saying and just waiting to put their (worth-less-than) two-pence worth in. That's partly what's wrong with the world.
People only care about what they have to say next, instead of listening to what is going on, then perhaps taking the option of just shushing. You know what they need to do, don't you?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's no secret that the popularity of the ‘big four' supermarkets has taken a big hit over the past few weeks thanks to the rise of Aldi and Lidl.
More and more people are turning to the low-cost supermarkets in order to save on their weekly shop – no matter what their budget.
And even though there are some big similarities between the two shops, how similar are they on price?
Our colleagues over at the Liverpool Echo have compared the prices of everyday items at the two stores to try and settle the debate once and for all – which one is truly the cheapest?
We also looked at the cost of some treat items like chocolate and Prosecco, because who can resist at that price?
(The below images show products from Lidl on the left and Aldi and the right)
Carrots
Vegetables will be high on many shopper's lists around this time of the year, with Christmas dinner duties looming.
At first glance it looks like Aldi has won with its 29p pack of carrots, however when you look closer at the weights the figures actually change.
Lidl is selling a 1kg bag of carrots for 44p while Aldi 29p bag is for 500g, this means for the same quantity, customers would need to buy two bags from Aldi.
This works out as 58p. This means Lidl wins when it comes to the price of carrots.
Eggs
When comparing the price of large free range eggs at both Lidl and Aldi, we found both retailers to actually charged the same.
Shoppers are able to pick up a carton of six eggs for 89p at either stores.
It is a draw when it comes to eggs.
Milk
One of the most commonly bought household items in milk.
We compared the price of 4 pints of semi-skimmed milk as research suggest this is the one which is most popular with shoppers.
It's worth pointing out that both Lidl and Aldi have extended its milk ranges and now stock skimmed, soy and occasionally almond.
Lidl sells four pints of the green milk for £1.05 whereas Aldi sells it at £1.09.
Even though the difference is only small, it does mean Lidl just scrapes the win here.
Chocolate
For those who aren't attached to brands such as Cadbury's or Galaxy your local Lidl or Aldi stores are a great place to pick up a sweet treat.
Both retailers stock their own brand chocolate which means shoppers can pick up a 100g bar for 30p.
This means it is a draw for both stores.
Rice
When it comes to wanting quick food, microwaveable rice is always a good go-to.
Both retailers have extended the range of rice on offer, with big name brands like Uncle Ben's now available in both stores.
Both packs of 250g Basmati rice are priced at 42p which means Lidl and Aldi both drew in this round.
Strawberries
It's not really the season for Strawberries, which is why we decided to include this in our comparison.
We were interested in seeing how each supermarket priced the fruit.
However, it turns out that both Lidl and Aldi have priced the 227g packs of strawberries at £1.95.
This makes it a draw.
Bread
Bread is another item which features regularly on most customer's shopping lists.
We chose a brand which was stocked at both Lidl and Aldi for our comparrison.
A loaf of Roberts thick soft white costs £1.05 from both retailers.
Looks like it is another draw.
Facewipes
Both Lidl and Aldi stock their own brand beauty products; Lidl has Cien and Aldi has Lacura.
We decided to compare the price difference between both store's facewipes to see how they differed with own brand items.
Lidl's cost 59p while Aldi's are priced at 69p.
However it is worth pointing out that Lidl's packs contain 25 wipes whereas Aldi's have 30. Although, based on price alone Lidl wins.
Prosecco
Many shoppers will no doubt be stocking up on the bubbly as we build-up up to Christmas, so we thought it was important to see where it was cheaper.
Both Aldi and Lidl are selling bottles of extra dry prosecco for £5.79.
As it is a draw, where you decide your bottle from would depend on which brand you prefer.
Cheese
Both Aldi and Lidl stock a wide range of cheese, and even stock some of the same brands you can find in some of the bigger supermarkets.
Both packs are medium cheddar cheese and surprisingly there is no difference in size or price.
Aldi and Lidl are selling 350g cheese for £1.65. This mean it is a draw.
Christmas Pudding
For anyone who is thinking about buying a Christmas pudding this week, we compared the price of the dessert too.
This year Lidl has released a 24 Month Matured Christmas Pudding which is part of its Deluxe range whereas last month Aldi started selling its Golden Topped pudding.
Lidl's will set you back £11.99 while Aldi's costs £7.99. While both desserts are not completely identical it is Aldi who wins.
Overall winner
Although many products are priced the same in both Lidl and Aldi there are items which work out cheaper if bought from Lidl.
Out of the 11 items we compared, Lidl came out on top three times while Aldi once.
Last month, IDBI Bank's board also approved sale of 1.5% stake in the leading bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE). Photo: Mint
New Delhi: State-owned lender IDBI Bank on Tuesday said it will sell 30% stake in NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure Ltd (NEGIL).
This is part of an exercise to exit from non-core business. The “board of directors of IDBI Bank... have by way of circular resolution approved sale of 1,20,00,000 equity shares of NEGIL constituting 30% stake held by the bank”, it said in a filing to stock exchanges.
Last month, IDBI Bank's board also approved sale of 1.5% stake in the leading bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE). The bank had sold 9 lakh equity shares constituting 2% of the paid-up capital of the NSE to LIC on 30 March 2016.
Global Research strives for peace, and we have but one mandate: to share timely, independent and vital information to readers across the globe. We act as a global platform to let the voices of dissent, protest, and expert witnesses and academics be heard and disseminated internationally.
We need to stand together to continuously question politics, false statements, and the suppression of independent thought.
Stronger together: your donations are crucial to independent, comprehensive news reporting in the ongoing battle against media disinformation. (click image above to donate)
* * *
Video: Saudi Arabia Bombs Residential Neighborhood in Yemen Killing Entire Family
By Ahmed Abdulrahman, July 03, 2018
Just this Monday, a U.S.-backed Saudi-coalition bombing campaign targeted a residential neighborhood in Amran in northern Yemen, killing 15 civilians and injuring 9, most of whom were women and children.
Ethiopia and Zimbabwe Heighten Security in Response to Attacks on Political Rallies
By Abayomi Azikiwe, July 03, 2018
Ethiopia and Zimbabwe within the African context are important state and regional entities which have valuable natural wealth and a legacy of struggle against colonial and neo-colonial dominance. The normalization of relations involving Addis Ababa and Asmara (Eritrea) could potentially set a standard for the resolution of other protracted conflicts which drain monumental human and material resources.
Iran Accuses US of Docking Chemical Weapons-Laden Ship in Persian Gulf
By Zero Hedge, July 03, 2018
However, the Iranians seem to think the vessel is some kind of permanent chemical weapons transport vehicle, which it is not, though it understandably doesn't sit well with Tehran that the US conducts regular war games in Iran's own maritime backyard.
CIA: How to Shape Okinawan Public Opinion on the U.S. Military Presence
By Jon Mitchell, July 03, 2018
Between 1945 and 1972, Okinawa was directly ruled by the U.S. military and its bases stored a vast array of nuclear and chemical weapons. The island was used to launch wars in Korea and Indochina; during the U.S. occupation (1945-52), Okinawans' were driven from their land, much of which was turned into US military bases, and were victimized by frequent crimes and accidents involving military personnel.
America's Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Is a State-Sponsored Terrorist Organization – Abolish ICE
By William Boardman, July 03, 2018
Over the past fifteen years, lacking enough serious criminals to justify its $6 billion budget, ICE has reduced itself (with poisonous political pandering in support) to the horrifying monster we're finally seeing more clearly, littering the American landscape with caged parents and children, broken families (by choice, not by law), incarcerated innocents, harmless working taxpayers, and disrupted American businesses – a full range of social mayhem chosen by the past several presidents in preference to any humane, decent policy rooted in justice.
U.S. Crushes Europe. EU Corporate Decline
By Eric Zuesse, July 03, 2018
Europe is shrinking as an international place to invest, even while it is exploding as an international place to receive refugees from the nations where the U.S. regime bomb and destroy the infrastructure, and leave hell for the residents, who thus flee, mainly to nearby Europe, and so cause the refugee-crisis there.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Global Research News , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/selected-articles-global-crisis-militarization-and-social-injustice/5646316
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of current account holders ditching and switching their bank or building society has jumped to a two-year high, figures show.
During the first three months of 2018 more than 273,000 switches were recorded, according to payments body Bacs, which oversees the seven-day current account switch service.
“With current account offers of up to £200 to switch, 2018 started with some strong incentives from some of the leading high street banks. The latest current account switching stats from Bacs show more consumers are starting to take heed of these offers and the switching service," said Sally Francis, money expert at MoneySuperMarket.
Bacs said this was the highest quarterly total since the first quarter of 2016 and a 10% increase on the same period in 2017.
The recent high levels of switching are likely to have been driven by broader bank market activity, such as the advertising of switching incentives, supported by a high-profile advertising campaign launched in January, according to the report.
The banks with most people leaving Source: Mirror Money/BACS
“It could well be an indication that attitudes are changing for the better. People are realising that loyalty doesn't pay and are taking action to move to better offers that give something back,” Francis said.
“Those looking to switch now could consider M&S Bank, which is offering £185 in vouchers if you switch and stay for a year, or First Direct, which has just launched a raft of new switching incentives, including a £150 Expedia voucher."
The report also showed the gains and losses made by banks and building societies from people using the current account switch service between July 1 and September 30 2017.
They show Halifax and Nationwide Building Society were particularly big winners during this period, making large net customer gains.
Tesco Bank also made net customer gains, as did TSB - which has apologised this week for IT issues which left online customers unable to access their money and some able to see other people's accounts.
The banks gaining the most people Source: Mirror Money/BACS
The figures are provided voluntarily by banks and building societies and do not include switches made outside the scheme, which was launched in 2013 to make it easier for people, small businesses and small charities to move providers.
This week has also seen competition stepped up further in the current account market, with First Direct launching a range of new freebies for customers to switch.
Bacs said more than 4.7 million successful switches have taken place since the service launched in 2013.
BOSTON -- More than 100 free agents still remain available here on Feb. 2, just 12 days before Red Sox pitchers and catchers take part in their first official spring training workout.
Super agent Scott Boras blasted MLB owners on MLB Network Radio earlier this week for a lack of spending.
Agent Brodie Van Wagenen, co-head of CAA Baseball, released a statement today suggesting MLB players could be headed for a strike if things don't change in free agency.
"There's always an ebb and a flow to the game and how players are thought about," retired big league pitcher Bronson Arroyo said today at the Hot Stove Hardball Discussion at Hotel Commonwealth. "There's so many young, talented players coming into the game. And I started seeing it at the end of my career with a guy like Miguel Cairo and some bench players who deserved to make a million, $2 million and still be in the game as a veteran, experienced guy off the bench.
"And we're losing a little bit of that sometimes because we're pushing them out for younger guys that are just as talented. But a 22, 23-year-old guy with a physically strong body, it doesn't make the mind experienced. I get to see it from a pitcher's standpoint. These guys are all throwing 95 to 100 (mph) but they don't have an idea of how to win."
He said baseball not only has slowly pushed out more experienced players for younger ones but also more experienced managers for less experienced managers.
"It seems to be the trend," he said. "You're seeing it with the managers in the game. And that's leaving a lot of guys out there as free agents who aren't getting opportunities or they aren't getting as many opportunities as they should be based on the fact that people just don't want to pay the price for some of these key free agents."
"I remember Anne Marie going into the locker room and helping her pry open the locker to get all of her stuff out there for her because she had to catch a plane that night to leave town," he said.
Volunteering was a family activity for the D'Amico clan, and over more than 15 years of involvement with the tournament, they became part of a tight-knit group of returning volunteers, Ziv said.
"We got to see her as a young kid and kind of blossoming and grow up," he said.
Abdullah Snobar, who attended Ryerson University with D'Amico, said she had been known as an active student leader with top grades, a wide social circle and an indelible smile that could brighten up any hallway.
"Whether you kept in touch with her very closely or you didn't talk to her for this past year, it just felt like you saw her smile yesterday," he said.
Meanwhile, Seneca College said a female student was also among those killed, but didn't provide further details.
"She was, along with nine others, an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence," college president David Agnew said in a statement. "I want to extend our deepest sympathies to her family and friends."
Another victim of the van attack was identified by Jordan's state-run Petra news agency as Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting family.
The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa confirmed one of its citizens had died but did not provide further details. The news agency said the embassy was helping arrange for Najjar's body to sent back to Jordan.
A South Korean news agency cited government officials as saying two Korean nationals were also among those killed.
By Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
"Stay strong, mom," wrote del Potro on the camera after winning his first match since the death of his maternal grandfather. pic.twitter.com/2ydqhx8Nda
EXACTION AGAIN NATURE!
IT IS TIME TO REALIZE THAT WHAT YOU EAT, ALWAYS HAVE BEEN AN OBSCENE ACT, AGAINST NATURE.
Will you continue to participate in the killing of beautiful, innocent creatures?
Please Follow this way!
Ashamed to be a member of the self-styled human race. Proud to be “vegan”
_I invite you to follow that path; to inform you, to really think about it, face yourself in all honesty and full realism.
See: The Vegan Society
See:foreveragainstanimaltesting.com
STOP!!! animal genocide
South Korea's central bank said Tuesday that global trade is expected to expand by 3.1 percent this year on an economic recovery in the United States and other major economies.
The Bank of Korea said the US economy is forecast to grow by 2.2 percent, while the Chinese and Japanese economies are expected to expand by 6.5 percent and 1.2 percent, respectively.
(Yonhap)
The economic recovery in the US and other major countries could give a boost to world trade.As global raw material transactions start to rise, raw material exporting countries begin to increase imports of overseas products.It is another factor that could contribute to a recovery in global trade.The BOK's projection for global trade growth in 2017 is 0.9 percentage points higher from a year earlier, but it is way short of the 8 percent in 2007, a year before the global financial crisis.Last week, the World Trade Organization forecast on its website that global trade will expand by 2.4 percent, though it warned that deep uncertainty surrounding near-term economic and policy developments could affect this.Experts said trade protectionism in the United States and other countries could pose an additional drag on trade growth. (Yonhap)
UPDATE 1-Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction for two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers told Reuters on Wednesday.
The apex court had earlier said that if the two 40-storey residential buildings in Noida were constructed without a proper sanction, these would be ‘demolished'. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday directed real estate firm Supertech to deposit Rs10 crore for refunding money to the investors, who want to opt out of its Emerald Towers project which has two 40-storey residential buildings in Noida.
A bench comprising Justices Dipak Misra and A M Khanwilkar asked Supertech to deposit the money by 22 September in the apex court registry while rejecting the request of senior counsel Salman Khurshid, appearing for the real estate firm, to reduce the amount.
“How many cases will these people (investors) file? They have spent their lives, their earnings to get a house,” the bench said while adding that deposited money would be refunded to the investors on a ‘pro-rata' (proportional) basis.
Meanwhile, Khurshid told the bench that Supertech has already paid Rs107 crore to the investors and depositing Rs10 crore would be “too much” for it. “We (Supertech) have already paid 107 crore to investors. Now we are bleeding. This amount (Rs10 crore) is too much. Please make it Rs5 crore,” he said.
While requesting the apex court to reduce the amount to be deposited with the registry, he said, “This is one company which has delivered the projects on time. Thousands of flats were given last year and even this year.” To this, the bench observed, “Your construction may be complete but there may be violation of rules. That is why these people want to get out of this.”
“You first deposit the money then we will see what is needed to be done,” the court said. The apex court said that first, the principal amount would be given to the investors and then the issue of interest and compensation component would be decided.
The apex court had earlier said that if the two 40-storey residential buildings in Noida were constructed without a proper sanction, these would be “demolished”. The bench is hearing pleas against the Allahabad High Court's 11 April, 2014 verdict ordering demolition of the two 40-storey residential twin towers--Apex and Ceyane--in Noida and directing Supertech to refund money to homebuyers with 14% interest in three months. The towers have 857 apartments, of which about 600 flats have already been sold.
The counsel appearing for Noida authority had earlier told the bench that the sanctioned plan for the building was in accordance with the guidelines and it was aggrieved by the high court's finding in this regard. Earlier, the court had directed Supertech to give back money to flat owners who had sought refund of their investment after the towers were directed to be demolished by the high court.
It had asked National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) to submit its report after inspecting Supertech's Emerald Towers to ascertain whether the two 40-storey buildings were built in green area in violation of the sanctioned plan.
The NBCC in its report filed in the court had said, “The open space available between the two towers Tower 1 (Aster 2) and Tower 17 is less than 20.45 metres as prescribed in the NBC rules. “Thus from the above observations and inferences, NBCC concludes the opinion that the two towers, Tower 1 (Aster 2) and Tower 17 is not compliant with the REG 24.2.1(6)of Noida Building Regulations 2010.”
The 1967 World Series began on Wednesday, October 4 in Fenway Park. The Boston Red Sox participated for the first time since 1946 when they lost in seven games to the St. Louis Cardinals, their opponent once again.
The Red Sox didn't clinch the 1967 pennant until after their final game of the season ended, when Detroit lost to California. The Cardinals, by contrast, clinched the pennant in mid-September. They won 101 games compared to Boston's 92, and did so playing in a tougher league. The Cardinals also had he better run differential: +138 vs. +108.
When the story of the '67 Cardinals is told, it always features first baseman Orlando Cepeda, the league MVP. It also often emphasizes the acquisition of Roger Maris to play right field and the move of Mike Shannon from right field to third base, a position he hadn't played before. These moves were beneficial, but possibly overrated. Maris and Shannon had average years on offense and Shannon, understandably, was very poor in the field, committing 29 errors.
If there is an underappreciated hero among the Cardinals every day players, I think it was Tim McCarver. He maintained a batting average well over .300 for much of the season before fading (as catchers often do) to .295.
But what really stood out was his defense. McCarver threw out 37 of the 67 base runners who tried to steal off of him. The team's other two catchers (Dave Ricketts and John Romano) threw out 11 of 26. And McCarver's fielding percentage was .997, best in the league.
The other oft-told part of the Cardinals 1967 story is Bob Gibson's broken leg. I wrote about it here. St. Louis flourished without Gibson because Nelson Briles stepped into the rotation and pitched brilliantly. When Gibson returned, manager Red Schoendienst had six quality starting pitchers: Gibson, Briles, Dick Hughes, Steve Carlton, Ray Washburn, and Larry Jaster. The latter two would be in the bullpen for the World Series.
Gibson's return made St. Louis the heavy favorite in the World Series. He had beaten the Yankees twice in the 1964 Series, including in Game 7, and was expected to start three games in this Series, if necessary.
Gibson started Game 1. Boston countered with Jose Santiago, who had spent much of the season pitching relief but had delivered five quality starts in a row down the stretch.
Red Sox ace Jim Lonborg had pitched a complete game in Sunday's must-win contest against the Twins. Thus, there would be no Gibson-Lonborg matchup in Game 1. This seemed to enhance Boston's chances of splitting the first two games, thus establishing a foothold in the Series.
Game 1 was an odd affair. It was tied 1-1 through six innings. Yet St. Louis had touched up Santiago for nine hits and had accumulated three walks.
Boston, on the other hand, had only four hits. But one of them was a home run by Santiago, the pitcher.
The Cards scored another run in the top of the seventh, and did so with an economy of hits. Lou Brock singled and stole second base, his second steal of the game. Brock advanced to third on a ground out by Curt Flood and scored on a ground out by Maris. This was Roger's second RBI of the game. The first also came on a grounder that plated Brock.
Gibson needed nine more outs and there were few pitchers, if any, who were his equal in getting to the finish line. In the bottom of the seventh, Reggie Smith singled with two out. But McCarver, as he had done all year, gunned down Smith when he tried to steal second.
In the eighth, veteran Norm Siebern led off for Boston with a single. Elston Howard, another veteran and another former Yankee, bunted Siebern to second. But then, Gibson got Jerry Adair on a fly ball and Dalton Jones on a pop up.
In the bottom of the ninth, with the score still 2-1, Gibson retired the first two Red Sox, Carl Yastrzemski and Joe Foy. He then walked the dangerous George Scott, the only base on balls he allowed that day.
That brought up Rico Petrocelli, a power hitting shortstop. Gibson had already struck him out three times (he had 10 strike outs altogether on the day). Thus, manager Dick Williams sent Mike Andrews up to bat for Petrocelli. Andrews was less likely to get the extra base hit that would tie the game, but Williams had seen enough of Petrocelli.
Andrews didn't strike out, but neither did he get a hit. Gibson retired him on a fly ball to Maris.
Gibson had his third consecutive World Series complete game victory. St. Louis had a 1-0 lead in games. The Red Sox had Lonborg ready for Game 2.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Selena Gomez stepped out in Los Angeles on Friday afternoon looking as stylish as ever.
The former Disney starlet, 25, was all smiles as she was spotted grabbing a bite to eat at Casa Vega in Sherman Oaks.
Dressed in denim button up dungarees and a white vest top, fashion forward Selena looked every inch the off duty A-lister.
She paired the hot look with tan sandals and wore her dark hair in loose, messy waves.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
After grabbing food, the star and her group of pals soaked up the warm California sun in a nearby park.
She's been keeping a low profile lately, but earlier this week she turned out to support on-off boyfriend Justin Bieber at a hockey game.
Her outing on Friday comes after her fans noticed she'd stopped following her mum Mandy Teefy on Instagram, sparking rumours of a fall out.
(Image: Splash News)
Shortly before that, TMZ had reported that Mandy was admitted to hospital due to a huge argument with Selena over the Baby singer.
But People magazine later shot down the report, saying she was voluntarily checked out by medical staff last week.
(Image: http://www.wenn.com/)
A source close to the family told the publication: “It's been a stressful time for Mandy and she made the decision herself to go to the hospital and make sure everything was okay.
“This wasn't just about Justin.”
A Selena source added: “It's true her family doesn't approve of Justin, but this wasn't just over a fight about him.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darrell Clarke admitted he was disappointed in the manner his Bristol Rovers side conceded twice against Shrewsbury Town, but repeatedly gave credit to the visiting side.
Rovers saw their six-match unbeaten run come to an end as Aristote Nsiala grabbed an 88 minute winner for the visitors.
It was Shrewsbury's first win away at Rovers since 1969, coming at the 18 attempt. Omar Beckles had given Paul Hurst's side the lead before Joe Partington equalised with a long-range effort just three minutes later.
Speaking after Rovers' first defeat in 2018, Clarke said: “We were definitely nowhere near our best today.”
“It was a very robust second ball game. You've got to give credit to Shrewsbury today, that's why they dig out results. I was disappointed in the goals we conceded from our perspective.
“But we have to dust ourselves down and go again.
“They are very good at what they do, and they ground it out. From our perspective we never got our game going, albeit on a very difficult pitch. That's not an excuse.
“They played, at times, better than us with the ball.
“It's disappointing today, but where we are as a football club at the minute, with the new additions coming into the squad, it takes a little bit of time to evolve and get what we want to do out there.”
The match was a mostly scrappy affair before the three goals in the final 30 minutes, as both sides struggled to carve out any clear-cut chances.
“I don't really like seeing my team not on the front foot,” admitted Clarke.
“It was a scruffy, scrappy game. We got a bit of territory back in the game but it was scruffy and they just edged it.
“We didn't get enough impetus to get the territory and create more chances, that's why Shrewsbury have one of the meanest defences in the league.”
Shrewsbury's winner came as Alex Rodman got in down Rovers' right, beating Bernard Mensah and Ellis Harrison before getting a ball across the goal line.
“Bernard got isolated one-on-one with a wide player, I think we've got to get out there and support Bernard quicker,” said Clarke.
“We should never have allowed it, and the ball should never have come into the box. The most disappointing thing for me is two goals from set plays and second phases.
“In general we've been defending those well of late, so we'll get working on the insufficiencies in training this week.”
Son's anger at development next to his parents gr
An ambitious pensioner from Wrington has been crowned the oldest Briton to ever complete the notorious Marathon Des Sables after breaking a record previously held by Sir Ranulph Fiennes.
David Exell crossed the finish line on Good Friday after running more than 251 kilometres – which is approximately six marathons – in just six days.
The 75-year-old replaces famous explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, who completed the event aged 71 in 2015, as the oldest man from the UK to complete the race.
His daughter, Lucy Coetzee, said she was “amazingly proud” of her father, who is expected to fly back to the UK from Morocco on Monday night.
“It's fantastic,” she told the Bristol Post.
“It's amazing. I had a chat with him and he is extremely emotional about it all but he managed to get round without any pain or injuries.
“Everyone is amazingly proud of him and it will be fascinating to finally hear from him properly.”
The Marathon Des Sables is considered one of the most dangerous footraces in the world as runners, who are required to carry their own provisions, battle temperatures of up to 45 degrees Celsius, ferocious sandstorms and the constant threat of dehydration just to get to the finish.
Given the location, Lucy said contact with her father was limited to “one phone call and a few texts” once the race got underway on April 8.
But she said they were able to keep up to date with the race and track David's progress online via the Marathon Des Sable website.
“They have quite a full-on website and we could keep an eye on all of his checkpoints,” she said.
“He had to stay ahead of a camel which, if it overtook any competitor before they reached a checkpoint, meant they were out of the race.”
Seasoned runner David, who had previously trekked in the Pyrenees and Himalayas and taken part in the Everest marathon, trained for the event by running in the Mendips with Dora, his pet Labrador.
He also blogged about his progress during the event on an online fundraising page, writing from his beloved pooch's point of view.
(Photo: Marie Curie/Liz Scarff/PA Wire)
In his most recent entry, posted on Saturday, he wrote: “Well, it looks as though old weedy white legs has done it.
“Each of those legs is seventy-five-and-a-quarter-years-old and now he is the oldest Brit to complete the Marathon des Sables.
“I'll have to return those bones and tasty bits of chicken, fans, because I won't be training anyone else.
“Thanks for all your interest, but I'm a one-man kind of dog. Eat your heart out, Sir Ranulph.”
David has raised more than £10,00 of his £25,000 target for charities Bristol Area Stroke Foundation and Mountain Rescue England & Wales.
To donate, visit https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/davidexell
© Ilya Naymushin / Reuters
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev signed a decree on Monday, allowing citizens of 18 countries visa-free travel to the Russian Far East starting August 2017.The list includes Algeria, Bahrain, Brunei, India, Iran, Qatar, China, North Korea, Kuwait, Morocco, Mexico, UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Tunisia, Turkey, and Japan."We'd like to see an increase in tourism to the region by at least 30 percent. Given the fact that every wealthy tourist spends at least $1,000 in the territory, we assume this will significantly increase the opportunities for the development of the region, trade turnover, and currency flows," Deputy Minister for the Development of the Far East Pavel Volkov told TASS.People from the countries will have simplified entry procedures into Russia through the free port of Vladivostok.According to Volkov, tourists and entrepreneurs will only be required to fill a form on the website of Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Applications will be approved within four days. Electronic single entry visas will be issued directly at the Russian border and will be valid for 30 days."We are proactively forming the modern infrastructure and creating special regimes in the Far East; the law on visits to the free port of Vladivostok was approved in March," said Prime Minister Medvedev.He added that the ending of visa procedures for tourists and businessmen "will promote the growth of investment and tourist attractiveness of the Far East."
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frank Lampard has heaped praise on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and explained why he's been so good playing in the centre of the park.
Oxlade-Chamberlain, 24, announced his intentions to leave Arsenal in the summer, and was on the radar of both Chelsea and Liverpool.
He opted to sign for the latter in a deal worth £35million as Antonio Conte was looking to select him on the wing, where he had been playing for Arsenal, and his ambition was to feature in the middle of the field.
Earlier in the season many critics were unsure whether Oxlade-Chamberlain would be able to do a central position justice, and he was used sparingly by his new boss Jurgen Klopp.
(Image: REUTERS)
But in recent months he has grown to become an integral part of Liverpool's squad, and was a stand-out performer in the first leg of the Reds's Champions League quarter-final win over Manchester City.
Speaking about Oxlade-Chamberlain's progression, Lampard told the London Evening Standard: "He has been brilliant in the last six weeks in particular.
(Image: REUTERS)
"We all know the natural raw talent has always been there, but what has impressed me the most is that he has shown the discipline you need to play in midfield.
"There are a lot of different decisions to make when you move from being a wide player as Oxlade-Chamberlain has done to further inside. You can't dribble and take as many touches like before.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
"He has managed to learn that side of the game and become an integral part of the Liverpool team."
Oxlade-Chamberlain's Liverpool side are in Champions League action on Tuesday night, where they will go head to head with Roma in the first leg of their semi-final.
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The housing market in Bristol is now rising faster than London.
Annual house price growth in the capital has slowed to a nine-year low, according to the latest Hometrack UK Cities House Price Index, while property prices in Bristol continue to rise.
Cities outside London, including Bristol, are starting to outpace the capital for the first time - and the difference in the value of homes in these cities is beginning to narrow.
The average house price in Bristol is now £282,000, compared to £491,200 in London, but properties in Bristol are rising 4.6 per cent year on year while in London prices are only rising by 0.4 per cent.
However, homes in Cardiff are rising faster than in Bristol at 5.5 per cent year on year.
The average house price in Cardiff is now £201,000 - so it's still cheaper to buy property in the Welsh capital.
The relative pricing of housing in London compared to other UK cities reflects variations in the timing and levels of economic growth, incomes, job creation, available supply and the net flow of investment into housing.
The gap in prices between London and other cities, including Bristol, is expected to close further over the next 12 to 24 months as London house prices under-perform the rest of the market.
Richard Donnell, insight director at Hometrack, said: “The gap between house prices in cities outside of the South East and house prices in London will continue to contract.
"Naturally, the relative price gap between cities fluctuates over the course of the housing cycle as supply and demand is affected by factors such as economic growth, job creation, wage increases and the flow of new investment.
"The level of house price inflation seen in large regional cities during the last peak, between 2000 and 2003, gives a good indication of how much prices may rise this time around.
"If history is to repeat itself and these cities are to get back to where they were, then prices could increase by as much as 20 to 25 per cent.”
X Alpha Boost :- Empowers more than one muscle assemble at once. Cases of these lifts are the squat, deadlift, seat squeeze, jaw up, barbell push, overhead press, plunge and rush. Compound developments permit you to deal with the most weight and will invigorate the best measure of aggregate .
For more information please visit >>>> http://www.vitaminofhealth.com/x-alpha-boost/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some people think golf is boring.
After a violent encounter with an apoplectic bird, however, one golfer would probably ask you to think twice before dismissing his sport.
The unlucky casualty was 16-year-old Isaac Couling, who was attacked by not one - but TWO geese during a tournament at Wolf Creek Golf Course, Michigan, on Saturday.
Not only did Isaac have to deal with their feathered, hissing wrath - but he had to deal with it alone.
Because no one came to young Isaac's aid.
Despite the high school later saying only Isaac's pride had been wounded, the teen told Detroit News : "Yeah, but no one came to help.
(Image: Devon Pitts)
"All the coaches saw it from the clubhouse. You could see it from there. It's pretty crazy. All my friends were talking about it.'
"The golfers just finished teeing off and were walking down the fairway."
The now-iconic images were captured by parent Devon Pitts and Blissfield Athletics Twitter account gave a blow-by-blow account of the action.
"To the left there was a goose nest and the golfers did a good job of avoiding it but the guard goose (hanging out on the far right) thought differently.
(Image: Devon Pitts)
"The goose come from behind him and caught him off guard. He was keeping an eye on another goose at the time.
"He stood up after the 2nd picture and tripped trying to run away resulting in the 3rd picture," it wrote."
Needless to say, social media users enjoyed poking fun at Isaac's plight.
"Body slammed by a goose. Hahaha" one sympathetic soul wrote.
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
President-elect Donald Trump says Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's mayor and President Barack Obama's former chief of staff, should ask for federal assistance if he can't bring down the city's rising homicide tally.The nation's third-largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 - the most in two decades and more than the largest cities, New York and Los Angeles, combined. The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015.Trump noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter, writing Monday: "If Mayor can't do it he must ask for federal help!"Emanuel's spokesman Adam Collins responded in a statement saying that if the federal government really wants to help, it can fund summer jobs programs for at-risk youth and pass meaningful gun laws.Collins said: "As the president-elect knows from his conversation with the mayor, we agree the federal government has a strong role to play in public safety by funding summer jobs and prevention programming for at-risk youth, by holding the criminals who break our gun laws accountable for their crimes, by passing meaningful gun laws, and by building on the partnerships our police have with federal law enforcement. We are heartened he is taking this issue seriously and look forward to working with the new administration on these important efforts."
Polyethylene Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Polyethylene Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
Global Polyethylene is increasing rapidly, polyethylene is most recognized chemical as it is utilized in various products and is chemically synthesized from ethylene. Key driver of polyethylene chemical are renewable polyethylene and technology developments. The industry of polyethylene is progressively integrated.
Get exclusive sample copy of the expert research at@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1056
Industry Segments:
Global Polyethylene is segmented on the basis of type and applications; by type the Polyethylene market is segmented as high density polyethylene, Low density polyethylene, linear low density polyethylene and medium density polyethylene, on the basis of applications the Polyethylene market is segmented as packaging, construction, consumer goods, pharmaceuticals and others .
Data integration and capabilities are analysed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of polyethylene market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of polyethylene market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2027 is well explained.
Browse Full Report here@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/polyethylene-market-1056
Industry Key Players:
BASF SE,
BP Plc.,
INEOS,
Saudi Basic Industries Corporation,
PETRONAS,
China National Petroleum Corporation,
China Petroleum & Chemicals Corporation,
National Petroleum Company,
Polymeric Europa,
Mitsui Chemicals Inc.,
Exxon Chemicals,
Formosa Plastics Limited,
Sumitomo Chemicals,
DuPont,
Chevron Philips,
LyondellBasell Industries Ltd.,
Dow Chemicals Company,
NOVA Chemicals,
Reliance Industries,
Petro bras.
Do Enquiry and Ask for Discount@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/polyethylene-market-1056
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
© Edgar Su / Reuters
China's spy agency created fake LinkedIn profiles to infiltrate German and European political circles, claims Germany's Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV). China denies the allegations, saying they risk undermining bilateral relations.Hans-Georg Maassen, head of the BfV, alleges that the Chinese dummy accounts posed as consultants, policy experts, scholars and headhunters and targeted up to 10,000 German citizens.said Maassen, reports the Financial Times "The infections are difficult to detect, since network connections between service providers and their customers aren't suspicious," the BfV said. "This gives the attacker an even better disguise than before."The BfV published a list of eight such fake profiles used to contact German users. 'Allen Liu,' a HR manager at a fictitious economic consultancy 'Lily Wu,' who apparently works at a think tank in eastern China. Another such account, credited to 'Laeticia Chen,' used a profile image from an online fashion catalogue, reports Deutsche Welle Intelligences services in the West have grown increasingly concerned about incursions by Chinese hackers. In October, the Czech Republic's Security Information Service (SIS) warned that Chinese hackers had coopted information networks to promote Chinese interests and suppress the dissemination of information about abuses in Tibet.In July, the BfV alleged that foreign espionage efforts were costing the German economy billions of euros, each year. The CIA has also warned of attempts by the Chinese security services to recruit US citizens."There could be a large number of target individuals and fake profiles that have not yet been identified," a BfV spokesperson said as quoted by Reuters.Several of the profiles reviewed as part of a nine-month study into Chinese social media-based espionage operations by Reuters also found connections to senior diplomats and politicians from a number of other European countries.
HONOLULU (AP) — A fireworks explosion at a large New Year's Day gathering on the Hawaiian island of Oahu has left one woman dead and a man critically injured, authorities said.
Police said the pair had been lighting illegal fireworks at the gathering when the explosion happened.
Emergency personnel arrived just after midnight Sunday at the Campbell Industrial Park in Kapolei to find the two victims injured. The 38-year-old woman was taken to a hospital in critical condition and died from her injuries. The 36-year-old man remains in critical condition.
Police have opened an unattended death and prohibited explosive device investigation, but no one has been arrested or cited.
Advertisement
Honolulu's Emergency Medical Services said the woman's death was among dozens of other fireworks-related incidents over the weekend. The agency responded to 28 calls within the first hour of 2017.
Fire Capt. Kevin Mokulehua said the Honolulu Fire Department also had a busy weekend.
“The Honolulu Fire Department responded to 19 fireworks-related incidents which doubled last year's incident totals,” said Mokulehua. “Most of the incidents were wildland fires, some structure fires and other miscellaneous fires.”
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,902 Blog Entries: 2
Louisiana legislature begins day with prayer for Scalise and other victims of this morning's shooting
After news broke that U.S. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana
Edwards, state Sen. President John Alario, R-Westwego, and House Speaker Taylor Barras, R-New Iberia, led a prayer for Louisiana House members, who retired last night expecting to dedicate their day to a handful of fiscal bills.
? After news broke that U.S. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot in the hip early this morning while practicing in a Virginia park for a charity baseball game later this week, the Louisiana Legislature and Gov. John Bel Edwards began their day gathered in prayer in the Capitol Rotunda.Edwards, state Sen. President John Alario, R-Westwego, and House Speaker Taylor Barras, R-New Iberia, led a prayer for Louisiana House members, who retired last night expecting to dedicate their day to a handful of fiscal bills.
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from his position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and he said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in his call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which he denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told him the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In his resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over her stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that he "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump himself asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in his briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's his job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman he was having an affair with. His probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up his cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a bad day for Billy as the funeral parlour fridges break ahead of a visit from Les. Pam arrives instead and unhappy with his explanations, she sacks Billy and makes Jay temporary manager.
The Ahmeds host lunch for Daisy's new adoptive parents but Mariam worries whether they are up to the job.
Mel's thrilled to be reunited with her son, Hunter, but her elation is short-lived after he learns the truth about his dad.
Billy vows to tell Honey that he's lost his job, but ends up admitting that he slept with Tina, leaving her reeling.
(Image: BBC)
Honey is still stunned by Billy's confessions but when the day brings another revelation, is there any hope for their marriage?
As Hunter searches for information about Steve Owen, Mel struggles to find the right words to answer his questions.
After Michelle sees Stacey putting the kids into a cab, Martin rushes over and they end up having an angry showdown in the Square.
(Image: BBC)
Mariam and Arshad bid an emotional farewell to Daisy then head home where they ponder over their future as foster carers.
EastEnders, BBC1, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A MELBOURNE comedian has been charged with allegedly painting the "lewd markings" discovered close to the Princes Park memorial for Eurydice Dixon.
Ms Dixon, 22, an aspiring comedian, was killed as she walked home from a comedy gig in Melbourne's CBD on June 13.
A 31-year-old comedian has allegedly been charged with criminal damage, offensive behaviour and marking offensive graffiti, The Age reports.
Eurydice Dixon was found dead in Melbourne's Princes Park.
Police found offensive paint markings at the site in Princes Park on June 18, the day of a public vigil in Ms Dixon's honour
The man has been charged and bailed by police to face court in August, The Age reports.
Coaches were given the option to challenge for goalie interference this season, with referees looking at a tablet by the penalty box while communicating with the league's hockey operations department via headset.
But with the on-ice officials getting the final say in the heat of the moment, some decisions have left more than a few high-profile players and coaches, including Babcock, furious.
Tampa Bay Lightning GM Steve Yzerman wants to see a more uniform process.
"You can clarify the standards, but each referee, you and I, everyone has a different opinion," he said. "It's subjective, so no one's ever going to agree 100 per cent on the vast majority of the calls."
"Having maybe a smaller group make the final decision, get more consistency to it," Yzerman added when asked what he'd like to see done to shrink the grey area.
Winnipeg Jets GM Kevin Cheveldayoff said there's no way to make everyone happy.
"You're always going to have that element of judgement because goaltender interference is inherently a judgement call," he said. "The constant conversation is always there to try to make it better, that's obviously what we spent a lot of time on.
"Define the criteria, feel comfortable with the criteria, and then in the end accept the judgement call."
The NHL provided hard numbers to GMs on Monday to show that, from its point of view, the system is indeed working.
Through 1,114 games this season, the league had 170 combined challenges from coaches and the situation room in Toronto.
Of those instances, referees stayed with the call on the ice 119 times and overturned the ruling on 51 occasions.
"There may have been a handful ... where we weren't on the same page internally and we wish the ref would have made a different call and he stuck with his call on the ice," said Colin Campbell, the NHL's senior executive vice-president of hockey operations. "A lot of noise is made of this sometimes, depending on the market you're in and the players involved."
NHL referee Dan O'Halloran also spoke to managers Monday, while Campbell, senior vice-president of hockey operations Kris King, and senior vice-president and director of officiating Stephen Walkom went over 14 videos of calls with the GMs in a boardroom at the posh Boca Beach Club.
The trio had managers vote on whether they thought the call should have been goalie interference or not as a way to demonstrate how much is left to interpretation.
On some of the plays in question, there was a significant divide.
And the same was true for a couple of the videos shown to media members after the managers headed for lunch.
"There's no two plays that are the same ... each play is uniquely different and has to be judged differently," Walkom said. "It's amazing that we're down to a small number where our compass is right on. We're not saying we're perfect either.
"We've made some mistakes this year that we want to correct."
Campbell said the NHL recently started sending out videos to all 31 coaches and GMs explaining each challenge and why the call was either upheld or changed by 5 p.m. the following day, much the same way the league's department of player safety does with suspensions and fines.
Campbell added there has been talk of adding a referee to the situation room, but such a move wouldn't impact the playoffs because that's basically what happens already with six retired officials on the phone as managers during the post-season.
"The challenges have corrected a lot," Lamoriello said. "Whatever we look at that hasn't gone well, there's been more positives."
---
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
HONOLULU (AP) — His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with about two-dozen work days left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested after allegedly posing as a pilot to date air stewardesses and trick them out of thousands of pounds.
Rido Roeslan, 25, is said to have worn a captain's uniform - like Leonardo Dicaprio in movie Catch Me If You Can - then allegedly trawled airports and social media for pretty air hostesses.
He would arrange dates with dozens of single stewardesses then claim he needed up to £300 wired to him, according to police in Indonesia.
But his alleged scam was uncovered after he was arrested while apparently trying to steal an iPhone and he is said to have confessed to his other alleged crimes while being questioned.
(Photo: SWNS)
Police Chief Commissioner Zainal Azhab said the man had conned up to 50 women out of a total of 200 million Indonesian Rupees - the equivalent of £12,000.
He added: "Data from the police shows he targeted a total of 50 flight attendants.
"The offender would say to victims he was off work and could go to see them but had to borrow some money.
"But after getting the money, the perpetrator would disappear, and change the name and number of his cell phone.
(Photo: Gunawan Kartapranata/Wikipedia)
(Photo: Getty)
"The total financial losses of 50 victims is estimated at 150 - 200 million Indonesian Rupees.
"There are transfers of one million to five million Indonesian Rupees. We will try to find all the victims who've cheated to help develop the case."
Police said that many victims were working for airlines at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Indonesian capital Jakarta.
The alleged crime mirrors the film Catch Me If You Can, in which Leonardo Di Caprio plays Frank Abagnale, who poses as a Pan American World Airways pilot to scam money.
U.S. Marine Corps Maj. Robert J. Crawford Jr., staff secretary for the commander, Marine Corps Installations Capitol Region, sits with his family during his retirement ceremony at The Clubs at Quantico on Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 31, 2017. Crawford retired after 23 years of honorable military service. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Brian Domzalski)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:23 Photo ID: 3167213 VIRIN: 170131-M-GK190-061 Resolution: 4853x2419 Size: 6.29 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, H&S BN Retirement Ceremony - Maj. Robert Crawford [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Brian Domzalski, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
As Charlottesville begins to heal after this weekend's violence, many are wondering how things got out of hand so quickly.
Alt-right and white nationalist rallygoers are pointing fingers at the counterprotesters who showed up to denounce them. Anti-racist protesters say “Unite the Right” rally participants were yelling racial epithets and provoking confrontation.
But both sides agree that one group didn't do enough to prevent the violence as the crowds grew and tensions flared: the police.
Critics say both Charlottesville Police and Virginia State Police stood on the sidelines Saturday as skirmishes erupted between white nationalists and members of Antifa, a broad movement of left-leaning groups. The two groups confronted each other in Emancipation Park with shields and pepper spray.
It wasn't until police declared the rally an “unlawful assembly” and Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency that police ordered the gathering to break up and scattered the crowds throughout the city.
Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, was killed after a young man rammed a car into a crowd of counterprotesters.
Rally organizer: police caused melee
Jason Kessler, who organized the “Unite the Right” rally, quickly blamed the police for not keeping the peace.
“The blame for today's violence lies primarily with the Charlottesville government officials and the police officers who failed to maintain law and order, protect the First Amendment rights of rally participants, and provide for their safety,” Kessler said in a statement Sunday morning.
He said officers stood idly by as counterprotesters “attacked participants of the rally” before riot police broke up the crowds.
“Instead of maintaining law and order,” Kessler said, “the police purposefully created the catastrophe that led to a melee in the streets of Charlottesville and the death of a counterprotester.”
Richard Spencer, a white supremacist who helped to found the so-called alt-right movement, also took to Twitter to hurl criticisms at police.
“The Charlottesville and Virginia police have blood on their hands,” Spencer tweeted. “They policed the peaceful, and they exacerbated a melee. Total outrage.”
‘It's almost as if they wanted us to fight'
Law enforcement was met with criticism from the protesters on the left, too.
Kendall Bills, who attended the counter-demonstration with her partner, says she was attacked by one of the rallygoers but police did nothing.
“In the entire hour that I was there,” she said, “at no point did I see the police intervene in any violence they were witness to, including my own.”
David Straughn, another counterprotester, claims he was near Heyer when she was hit by the car. Up until that point, he said, “the police did nothing.”
Once the car plowed into the crowd, the police stepped in, Straughn said.
“I will give credit where credit is due, but I will say that was too little, too late,” he told CNN. “If the police had acted differently in the beginning of the day — before 1:42 pm — maybe we wouldn't be talking about Heather Heyer right now. Maybe she would still be alive.”
According to a tweet from the ACLU of Virginia, police said they wouldn't intervene “until given command to do so.”
Another protester, Hawk Newsome, president of Black Lives Matter of Greater New York, told CNN affiliate WCAV the police response to “Unite the Right” was different than at rallies he's attended in the past. He said the police in Charlottesville were too far away to prevent any violence.
“The police actually allowed us to square off against each other,” Newsome said. “There were fights and the police were standing a block away the entire time. It's almost as if they wanted us to fight each other.”
Neither Charlottesville Police nor Virginia State Police immediately responded to CNN's requests for comment. The city of Charlottesville also did not respond.
Officials defend police response
State and city officials, on the other hand, have come out in defense of the police's actions.
“I want to thank the men and women — local, state and federal — our law enforcement personnel who put their lives on the line yesterday to protect us,” Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe said at a church service Sunday.
“Not one single shot was fired, with all these people with weapons. No property damages. They kept us safe.”
McAuliffe largely placed blame for the violence at the feet of white nationalists.
Charlottesville mayor Michael Signer, speaking on CNN Monday morning, also defended law enforcement's preparation in advance of the rally.
“We had on the ground here the largest deployment of law enforcement professionals in Virginia since 9/11,” Signer said. “As I understood it, almost a thousand officers were right here on the ground.”
He added that it's the government's responsibility to “set the conditions to prepare so people can peaceably assemble.”
Corinne Geller, spokeswoman for the Virginia State Police, echoed the mayor's remarks and told WCAV that police don't tell people where to stand at a protest.
“That's part of the privilege of having the freedom of speech and the freedom of assembly,” she said.
By Dakin Andone, CNN
Three years ago, a University of Utah-led team discovered that an ultra-compact dwarf galaxy contained a supermassive black hole, then the smallest known galaxy to harbor such a giant black hole. The findings suggested that the dwarfs were likely tiny leftovers of larger galaxies that were stripped of their outer layers after colliding into other, larger galaxies.
Now, the same group of astronomers and colleagues have found two more ultra-compact dwarf galaxies with supermassive black holes. Together, the three examples suggest that black holes lurk at the center of most of these objects, potentially doubling the number of supermassive black holes known in the universe. The black holes make up a high percentage of the compact galaxies' total mass, supporting the theory that the dwarfs are remnants of massive galaxies that were ripped apart by larger galaxies.
"We still don't fully understand how galaxies form and evolve over time. These objects can tell us how galaxies merge and collide," says Chris Ahn, doctoral candidate in the Department of Physics & Astronomy, and lead author of the international study that published Monday in The Astrophysical Journal. "Maybe a fraction of the centers of all galaxies are actually these compact galaxies stripped of their outer parts."
The authors measured two ultra-compact dwarf galaxies, named VUCD3 and M59cO, that lie far beyond the spiral arms of our Milky Way, orbiting massive galaxies in the Virgo galaxy cluster. They detected a supermassive black hole in both galaxies; VUCD3's black hole has a mass equivalent to 4.4 million suns, making up about 13 percent of the galaxy's total mass, and M59cO's black hole has a mass of 5.8 million suns, making up about 18 percent of its total mass.
By comparison, the monstrous black hole at the center of the Milky Way has a mass of 4 million suns, but makes up less than .01 percent of the galaxy's total mass.
"It's pretty amazing when you really think about it. These ultra-compact dwarfs are around 0.1 percent the size of the Milky Way, yet they host supermassive black holes that are bigger than the black hole at the center of our own galaxy," marvels Ahn.
To calculate the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies' mass, the astronomers measured the movement of the stars using the Gemini North telescope located on Mauna Kea volcano in Hawaii. The astronomers have to correct for the distortions caused by Earth's atmosphere. They shot a laser into the sky to make a fake little star, and moved a mirror around hundreds of times a second to undo the distortion. They then applied the technique to the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies, which are so small that the corrections are necessary to measure the motions inside the object. The technique, known as adaptive optics, brings the once blurry galaxy into focus.
They also analyzed images from the Hubble Space Telescope to measure the distribution of the stars in each galaxy, and created a computer simulation that best fit their observations.
They found that the motion of the stars at the center of the galaxies moved much faster than those on the outside, a classic signature of a black hole. VUCD3 and M59cO are the second and third ultra-compact dwarf galaxies found to contain a supermassive black hole, suggesting that all such dwarfs may harbor similarly massive light-sucking objects.
Astronomers discovered ultra-compact dwarf galaxies in the late 1990s. The objects are made up of hundreds of millions of stars densely packed together on an average of 100 light years across. Scientists took measurements to see what was happening inside the galaxies, and something didn't add up; the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies had more mass than their stars alone could account for. Senior author Anil Seth, assistant professor in the Department of Physics & Astronomy at the U, led the 2014 study that found the first ultra-compact dwarf galaxy with a supermassive black hole. The two U-led studies make a strong case that supermassive black holes at the center of the galaxies are responsible for the extra mass.
An alternate theory of the dwarfs is that they are just really massive star clusters -- groups of a hundred thousand stars born at the same time. The largest star cluster in the Milky Way is three million stars, and ultra-compact dwarf galaxies are 10 to 100 times bigger than that. "The question was, 'Is that because they form bigger star clusters with the same process? Or are they different in some way?' This work shows that they are different," Seth continues.
"It's obvious in retrospect, because the center of a regular galaxy looks almost exactly like these objects, but that wasn't what most people thought they were. I wasn't convinced that we were going to find a black hole when I took the observations," says Seth. "This is a cool example of scientific discovery and how quickly you can reorient our understanding of the universe.
Black holes are areas with such strong gravity that not even light can escape. They form when stars collapse, leaving behind a black hole with dense mass that exerts gravitational force on the objects around it. Supermassive black holes have a mass of more than 1 million suns, and are thought to be at the center of all big galaxies.
One explanation for the supermassive black hole inside the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies is that the galaxies were once made up of billions of stars. The authors believe that the dwarfs were "swallowed up" and ripped apart by the gravity of much larger galaxies. The ultra-compact dwarf black hole is the remnant of its formerly massive size. The findings change the way that astronomers can piece together how galaxies form and evolve over time.
"We know that galaxies merge and combine all the time -- that's how galaxies evolve. Our Milky Way is eating up galaxies as we speak," says Seth. "Our general picture of how galaxies form is that little galaxies merge to form big galaxies. But we have a really incomplete picture of that. The ultra-compact dwarf galaxies provide us a longer timeline to be able to look at what's happened in the past."
The Daily Galaxy via University of Utah
Image credits: The image at the top of the page is a composite of ALMA (red) and Hubble (blue) images. The pop-out shows the three clouds of bright gas as they start to “shadow” the black hole. Image credit: B. Saxton (NRAO/AUI/NSF); G. Tremblay et al.; NASA/ESA Hubble; ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO)
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau is forcing Bayer AG to divest some of its Canadian canola, soybean and vegetable seed, traits and herbicide assets before it will allow the German pharmaceutical giant to purchase agricultural business Monsanto Company.
The watchdog says in a consent agreement filed Wednesday that if the assets aren't divested the takeover would likely "substantially lessen" competition in Canada's seeds and crop treatment sector.
Bayer previously said the assets would be sold to German chemical company BASF SE for 5.9 billion euros.
The bureau says it is reviewing the suitability of BASF as a buyer for the assets.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
6 Unanswered Questions After Michael Flynn's Resignation
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from his position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and he said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in his call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which he denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told him the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In his resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over her stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that he "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump himself asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in his briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's his job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman he was having an affair with. His probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up his cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
“It will be ‘Play Ball!' tomorrow night at 7:05,” said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, the longtime manager of the GOP squad.
Related: Suspect dead after opening fire at Congressional baseball practice
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
“We do it for really three reasons. We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves. We do it for charity,” Barton said. “We raise a lot of money for three charities. And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth. It's a positive thing. Of all the things Congress does, this is one of the most benign, positive activities.”
Members of Congress practice for months for the event, and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home. The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games.
“It's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other,” said Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-La., whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event. Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off his congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game's dominant player pretty much since then.
Last year, however, Democrats lost the game 8-7, ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side.
“I was fresh off of surgery, but they made more plays than we made last year,” Richmond told reporters. “This was a year we wanted to get even.”
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama — famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers — even went two years ago, watching from the Democratic dugout. Obama's appearance came as he was struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure.
Related: Connecticut lawmakers react to Virginia shooting
President Donald Trump will not be attending Thursday's game, however, due to security concerns.
“While the president would like to attend the game and show his support for all of these brave public servants, he has been advised that there is not enough time to follow Secret Service protocols,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday.
To lawmakers, the annual game is one of the better opportunities for lawmakers to get to know each other outside of their partisan roles.
“The things that used to bring members together, whether it's travel – that's frowned upon. If you belong to the gym, they think ‘well, that's a perk you shouldn't have,'” said Rep. Mike Doyle of Pennsylvania, the manager of the Democratic team. “All the chances to interact with each other outside our suits, and outside floor debate, are few and far between.”
___
Online: https://www.congressionalbaseball.org/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Noob
Joined: Tue Aug 26, 2014 4:25 pm
Posts: 14
This Halloween expects to see:
6 rooms each with a unique sound and character, Stage performers running from start to finish, Bowlers transformed into a hectic Halloween paradise with decor from Visual Architects!
Uniquely designed stages with lighting and visuals and enough music and entertainment to keep you going to 5am
This is planning to be the biggest year to date for IllumiNaughty and we will be pushing the bar high for the carnival of chaos as we present to you UNDERWORLD
6 Fully themed arenas / Bumber cars / Outdoor Fun fair / Full Theatrical 3d Mapped stage Designs / Live art Exhibition / Thunderdome / Plethora of performers / Retro arcade / Laser Quest / Confetti Cannons / Fire & Pyrotecnics / Matrix Laser show / Market Area / Food Court / Fancy Dress
FULL LINE UP RELEASED
-- THE CASTLE (PsyTrance)--
Vini Vici
Sesto Sento
Juno-Reactor
Avalon
The Goblin
Michele Adamson
Steve Podmore
- THE LAB (Drum n Bass)-
LTJ Bukem DJ
Drumsound & Bassline Smith
Sub Zero (Official Fan Page)
Kallima
Nothing to Lose & Echidna
- THE COVEN (Breaks ElectroSwing Vintage remix)-
Krafty Kuts
Far Too Loud
Featurecast
Funkliners
DJ Clumsy Madhatter
Emma Clair
- THE GARDEN (Reggae Dub) -
Iration Steppas Official
Aba Shanti-I
MR FASO
Sinai Sound System
- THE CANTINA – Hosted by Inspiral Events (Psychedelic Electronic)
GAUDI
Celt Islam
Aliji
Mara LeFay
Aztekh
- THE DOME (Chillout) -
Michele Adamson
Mysticism
+ many more
Get your tickets now:
Skiddle:
AAA:
Resident Advisor:
Fatsoma:
TicketArena:
TheTicketSeller:
GET INVOLVED WITH ILLUMINAUGHTY :
DJ Competition :
Play at illumiNaughty :
Put your stall at IllumiNaughty :
Performance :
Street Team :
Photographers and Videographers
Volunteers on the night :
Phase1: £17.5 SOLD OUT
Phase2: £19.5 SOLD OUT
Phase3: £24.5 SOLD OUT
Phase4: £27.5 SOLD OUT
Phase5: £29.5 On Sale until the 14th of October
Advanced tickets £33.50 on sale for the last 2 weeks
More On The Door
After Party: Advance: £3 / MOTD Join The Goblin and all his characters as the story unfolds revealing another chapter in the IllumiNaughty story…This Halloween expects to see:6 rooms each with a unique sound and character, Stage performers running from start to finish, Bowlers transformed into a hectic Halloween paradise with decor from Visual Architects!Uniquely designed stages with lighting and visuals and enough music and entertainment to keep you going to 5amThis is planning to be the biggest year to date for IllumiNaughty and we will be pushing the bar high for the carnival of chaos as we present to you UNDERWORLD6 Fully themed arenas / Bumber cars / Outdoor Fun fair / Full Theatrical 3d Mapped stage Designs / Live art Exhibition / Thunderdome / Plethora of performers / Retro arcade / Laser Quest / Confetti Cannons / Fire & Pyrotecnics / Matrix Laser show / Market Area / Food Court / Fancy DressFULL LINE UP RELEASED-- THE CASTLE (PsyTrance)--Vini ViciSesto SentoJuno-ReactorAvalonThe GoblinMichele AdamsonSteve Podmore- THE LAB (Drum n Bass)-LTJ Bukem DJDrumsound & Bassline SmithSub Zero (Official Fan Page)KallimaNothing to Lose & Echidna- THE COVEN (Breaks ElectroSwing Vintage remix)-Krafty KutsFar Too LoudFeaturecastFunklinersDJ Clumsy MadhatterEmma Clair- THE GARDEN (Reggae Dub) -Iration Steppas OfficialAba Shanti-IMR FASOSinai Sound System- THE CANTINA – Hosted by Inspiral Events (Psychedelic Electronic)GAUDICelt IslamAlijiMara LeFayAztekh- THE DOME (Chillout) -Michele AdamsonMysticism+ many moreGet your tickets now:Skiddle: https://goo.gl/jDkUUZ AAA: https://goo.gl/U5xUJ4 Resident Advisor: https://goo.gl/xuwikm Fatsoma: https://goo.gl/UWZXyz TicketArena: https://goo.gl/Qzreqg TheTicketSeller: https://goo.gl/v3FkLC GET INVOLVED WITH ILLUMINAUGHTY :DJ Competition : https://www.facebook.com/events/349068562178162 Play at illumiNaughty : http://bit.ly/2tJ2qX9 Put your stall at IllumiNaughty : http://bit.ly/illuminaughtystalls Performance : http://bit.ly/2to7cK3 Street Team : http://bit.ly/streetTeam2017 Photographers and Videographers http://bit.ly/MediaIllumiNaughty2017 Volunteers on the night : http://bit.ly/29HKRBT Phase1: £17.5 SOLD OUTPhase2: £19.5 SOLD OUTPhase3: £24.5 SOLD OUTPhase4: £27.5 SOLD OUTPhase5: £29.5 On Sale until the 14th of OctoberAdvanced tickets £33.50 on sale for the last 2 weeksMore On The DoorAfter Party: Advance: £3 / MOTD
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor has stepped up his preparations for his superfight against Floyd Mayweather.
The Irishman shared pictures of his intense training regime on his Instagram page with the bout now less than two weeks away.
UFC featherweight king McGregor has swapped the Octagon for the boxing ring to take on legend Mayweather, who has won each of his 49 professional fights.
He is the huge underdog - but insists he is preparing to win in 'devastating fashion' - and isn't concerned about the stratospheric sums of money the scrap is set to generate.
(Image: thenotoriousmma/Instagram)
(Image: thenotoriousmma/Instagram)
"I am the face of the fight game, period. And I'll rule over both (boxing and MMA) with an iron fist - an iron left fist," he told reporters.
"The word (money) isn't even in my vocabulary. I'm preparing to win, and to win in devastating fashion. I don't care about money.
(Image: thenotoriousmma/Instagram)
"As long as I make my correct decisions and don't make stupid decisions, I'm set for life.
"This is a fight that has been in my crosshairs since Floyd's been opening his mouth, simple as that."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kesha Loses Appeal To Break Deals With Dr. Luke
Enlarge this image toggle caption Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images
Singer Kesha has lost the latest round in her long-standing and acrimonious legal battle with producer Dr. Luke, which began with a lawsuit she filed against him in California in October 2014, in which she accused Dr. Luke of drugging and raping her.
On Tuesday, the New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan ruled that the singer cannot pursue a countersuit aiming to void her business contracts with Dr. Luke, born Lukasz Gottwald.
At every point thus far, Kesha has either lost in court or has dropped her claims. Requests for comment from the attorneys representing Kesha and Dr. Luke were not immediately returned.
The appeal Kesha lost this week was in response to a New York suit filed by Dr. Luke in October 2016, accusing her of defamation and breach of contract; he asserted that her rape and abuse allegations were rooted in bitter contract renegotiations.
In Tuesday's decision, the court ruled that Kesha's appeal was "palpably insufficient and devoid of merit," and that her counterclaims were in part "speculative, contradicted by her own allegations that she had continued performing under the agreements."
Dr. Luke first signed the singer in 2005, when she was 18 years old.
Kesha's original suit, filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court, accused Dr. Luke of sexual assault and battery, sexual harassment, gender violence, civil harassment, unfair business and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress.
Dr. Luke denied Kesha's allegations and countersued the singer for defamation.
In February 2015, the singer (born Kesha Rose Sebert) filed an injunction, asking to be let out of her recording contract with Dr. Luke's label, Kemosabe, a label imprint owned by Sony Music Entertainment (SME). Four months later, she amended her injunction request, charging that SME was aware of the alleged abuse against her, and claimed that SME also knew of other alleged victims of Dr. Luke. She also submitted a motion asking for the New York litigation to be put on pause, so that her case in California could continue; Dr. Luke filed an opposing motion, which he was granted.
A year later, Kesha's injunction to to be released from her Sony contract was denied. Afterwards, fans and fellow artists publicly rallied to her side, including Lady Gaga and Kelly Clarkson. Dr. Luke had also worked closely with Clarkson, producing such smashes for her as "Since U Been Gone" and "My Life Would Suck Without You." In an interview with Australian radio station KIIS 1065, Clarkson asserted that she had only worked with him because she had been "literally ... blackmailed" by her label, RCA, another subsidiary of SME.
In April 2016, all of Kesha's abuse claims in New York were dismissed by Manhattan State Supreme Court Justice Shirley Werner Kornreich, who also ruled in Tuesday's decision.
In August 2016, Vanity Fair reported that Judge Kornreich is married to Ed Kornreich, a lawyer and partner in the firm Proskauer Rose, which has represented SME. (Proskauer Rose was also brought in by member station New York Public Radio to conduct an investigation regarding allegations of sexual harassment and inappropriate behavior; the firm released its findings last month.) In response, Judge Kornreich said that her husband's specialty within the large firm is healthcare and that their relationship is irrelevant to Kesha's case.
In that 2016 decision, Kornreich threw out Kesha's claims of hate crimes and human rights abuses, ruling that Dr. Luke's alleged abuses occurred "outside New York and beyond the legal time limit," adding that "every rape is not a gender-motivated hate crime."
In August 2016, Kesha dropped all her charges against the producer in California. In January 2017, she filed a request to amend her New York lawsuit to include claims that Dr. Luke's companies Prescription and KMI failed to report or pay her royalties, writing: "You can get a divorce from an abusive spouse. You can dissolve a partnership if the relationship becomes irreconcilable. The same opportunity — to be liberated from the physical, emotional, and financial bondage of a destructive relationship — should be available to a recording artist." Judge Kornreich denied that request in March 2017.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Still checking out the new content from April? Well, get a move on as May will soon be here.
There's a few horror classics like Scream 2 to squeal away at as well as Netflix Originals to keep you busy.
The much anticipated The Rain drops on May 4, and Dear White People season two is on it's way too.
There's also a new docuseries looking at the true story behind America's most diabolical Bank Heist.
Get ready for some nostalgia too, with Men Behaving Badly, Cold Feet and Prime Suspect all coming to the streaming site.
So if you're wondering what to put in your diary, here's the best of the crop and the the full list of what's new on Netflix for May and when it's available.
Scroll down for the full list - and dates.
ORIGINAL SERIES
A Little Help with Carol Burnett (04/05/2018)
In this original unscripted series starring comedy legend Carol Burnett, kids dish out advice to celebrities and everyday people in front of a live audience.
(Image: DWP-09679)
Dear White People: Volume 2 (04/05/2018)
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: Tina Fey (04/05/2018)
(Image: Per Arnesen)
The Rain: Season 1 (04/05/2018)
Romantic dilemmas, a social media troll and big changes at Armstrong-Parker House push Sam, Lionel and friends to the breaking point.Tina Fey opens up about her family, the changing culture at “SNL” and the one moment she wishes she could take back. Plus, blues icon Buddy Guy.
After a brutal virus wipes out most of the population, two young siblings embark on a perilous search for safety. A Scandinavian thriller series.
Bill Nye Saves the World: Season 3 (11/05/2018)
Bill and his guests explore the future of food, the science of addiction and more in a new set of episodes of the Emmy-nominated series.
Mob Psycho 100: Season 1 (22/05/2018)
There's an organization gathering espers for a nefarious purpose. Powerful psychic Mob, however, is just trying to be the protagonist of his own life.
Terrace House: Opening New Doors: Part 2 (22/05/2018)
As Shion and Tsubasa grow closer day by day, Ami and Takayuki's relationship grows complicated, and new housemates join the group.
Fauda: Season 2 (24/05/2018)
Doron teams up with his old undercover unit when a militant who has targeted him for revenge also launches a more ambitious covert plan.
The Toys That Made Us: Season 2 (25/05/2018)
The new season features Star Trek, Transformers, LEGO and Hello Kitty.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Season 4 (30/05/2018)
Kimmy gets a job at a tech startup, Titus pretends to have a TV show to impress Mikey, and Jacqueline starts a talent agency.
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: Howard Stern (31/05/2018)
The ground-breaking radio personality takes the stage in the latest installment of Letterman's in-depth, wide-ranging interview series.
WEEKLY EPISODES
Busted!: Season 1 (04/05/2018)
A hilarious panel of Korean entertainment icons team up with some of the biggest names in K-Drama in this madcap whodunit variety show. More “Keystone Cops” than “Sherlock Holmes," each episode sees our cast of bumbling detectives solve a different mystery based on vignettes presented by famous Korean actors and comedians. An overarching plot unfolds throughout the series, and the tension mounts as the panel edges closer to the awful truth.
The Break with Michelle Wolf (27/05/2018)
Michelle Wolf pokes fun at everything and everyone on her weekly show. Wolf has worked on "The Daily Show" and "Late Night with Seth Meyers."
Riverdale: Season 2 (New episodes Thursdays, finale on 17/05)
Designated Survivor: Season 2 (New episodes Thursdays, finale on 17/05)
Dynasty: Season 1
Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments: Season 3 (New episodes Wednesdays)
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale (New episodes Sundays, finale on 13/05)
NETFLIX FILM
Sometimes (01/05/2018)
Seven strangers anxiously waiting for their HIV test results decide to bribe the clinic receptionist to get them early, learning one is positive.
Manhunt (04/05/2018)
A Chinese pharmaceutical lawyer framed for a vile crime teams up with a sharp-witted Japanese detective to stop a dangerous corporate plot.
Forgive Us Our Debts (04/05/2018)
Threatened by creditors, a newly unemployed man agrees to work for a debt collector, but soon discovers his deal with the devil has unexpected costs.
The Kissing Booth (11/05/2018)
When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.
Cargo (18/05/2018)
Stranded in rural Australia in the aftermath of a violent pandemic, an infected father desperately seeks a new home for his infant child, and a means to protect her from his own changing nature
Catching Feelings (18/05/2018)
A Johannesburg professor and his journalist wife find their relationship tested in new ways when a famous, hard-partying writer enters their lives.
Ibiza (25/05/2018)
When Harper's two best friends tag along on her work trip to Barcelona, they ditch work and fly to Ibiza for Harper, who against her better judgement, falls for a hot DJ.
Sara's Notebook (26/05/2018)
A woman embarks on a harrowing search for her missing sister that brings her into the depths of the treacherous, war-torn Congolese jungle.
ORIGINAL COMEDY
John Mulaney: Kid Gorgeous Live at Radio City (01/05/2018)
A new stand-up special from John Mulaney.
Dany Boon: Des Hauts-De-France (04/05/2018)
In an eclectic one-man show, French superstar Dany Boon reflects on his homeland, his first comedy gig and the challenges of parenting hostile teens.
Hari Kondabolu: Warn Your Relatives (08/05/2018)
Hari Kondabolu breaks down identity politics, celebrity encounters, his mango obsession and more in a stand-up set full of unexpected twists.
Carlos Ballarta: Furia Ñera (11/05/2018)
With his signature snark and razor-sharp wit, Mexican comedian Carlos Ballarta spotlights the absurdity of characters we encounter in every day life.
Ali Wong: Hard Knock Wife (13/05/2018)
Pregnant again, Ali Wong returns in her second original stand-up comedy special and gets real on why having kids is not all it's cracked up to be.
Tig Notaro Happy To Be Here (22/05/2018)
Comedian Tig Notaro unleashes her inner prankster in a playful stand-up special packed with funny anecdotes, parenting confessions and more.
Steve Martin and Martin Short: An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life (25/05/2018)
Comedy icons Steve Martin and Martin Short team up for musical sketches and conversations about their legendary lives in show business and stand-up.
Fernando Sanjiao: Hombre (25/05/2018)
Argentine actor and comedian Fernando Sanjiao uses humor to explore the concept of masculinity in modern times.
ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARY
End Game (04/05/2018)
Directed by Academy Award winning filmmakers Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, End Game is an intimate vérité style documentary short that follows visionary medical practitioners who are working on the cutting edge of life and death -- and dedicated to changing our thinking about both.
Evil Genius: the True Story of America's Most Diabolical Bank Heist (11/05/2018)
This docuseries investigates the true story of a pizza delivery man who robbed a bank, then was killed by a bomb fastened around his neck.
Explained (Weekly episodes from 23/05)
This series spotlights topical and timely issues that impact our lives -- from the gender wage gap to geopolitical politics.
ORIGINAL SERIES FOR KIDS
Kong: King of the Apes: Season 2 (04/05/2018)
Lukas and friends explore a lost world full of prehistoric beasts, uncover clues to Kong's past and race to stop a robot uprising led by Botila.
Spirit Riding Free: Season 5 (11/05/2018)
Inspired by the Oscar nominated film Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron, Spirit Riding Free follows the heartfelt journey of a wild mustang who could not be tamed. A whole new generation will experience all the daring adventures when Spirit meets a girl named Lucky whose courage matches his own. Together they push limits, harness the power of friendship and discover what it means to be free. With their best friends by their side, they explore a world filled with endless rides, magnificent horses and never-ending fun.
The Who Was? Show: Season 1 (11/05/2018)
A live-action sketch comedy show for kids starring the greatest names in history. Based on the best-selling book series.
Trollhunters: Part 3 (25/05/2018)
The fate of both trolls and humans hangs in the balance as the final chapter begins. Will Gunmar succeed in shrouding the world in darkness?
Full list
May 1
Men Behaving Badly: Series 1
Men Behaving Badly: Series 2
Prime Suspect 5
Prime Suspect 6
Prime Suspect: The Final Act
Prime Suspect 4
Cold Feet: Season 5
Cold Feet: Season 3
Cold Feet: Season 4
Some Like It Hot
Wild Orchid 2
21
Audrey Rose
Love Rain: Season 1
Iris: Season 1
Boys Over Flowers: Vol. 1
Lakeview Terrace
iZombie: Season 4
Prime Suspect 1
Prime Suspect 2
Prime Suspect 3
Cold Feet: Season 2
Cold Feet: Season 1
Cold Feet: Season 6
Men Behaving Badly: Last Orders
Men Behaving Badly: Series 3
Men Behaving Badly: Series 4
Men Behaving Badly: Series 5
Men Behaving Badly: Series 6
Case Closed: Season 1
ALVINNN!!! And the Chipmunks
The Frankenstein Chronicles: Season 2
Liquid Edge: Season 1
Sing-a-long with PJ Masks
Little Boy Blue: Season 1
Prime Suspect 1973: Season 1
Sam Faiers: The Mummy Diaries: Season 1
Tesla
Love Island: Season 1
Love Island: Season 2
A Life of Its Own: The Truth About Medical Marijuana
Maigret Sets a Trap
Maigret's Dead Man
Cameraman to the Queen
Rachel Carson
The Race Underground
The Battle of Chosin
Stratton
Kings of the Sun
Enter the Ninja
Queens of Comedy: Season 1
Swami Baba Ramdev: The Untold Story: Season 1
Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise
Ringan
Onaatah
27: Gone Too Soon
The Standoff
Le K Benzema
Anjaan: Special Crimes Unit: Season 1
Gabru: Hip Hop Revolution: Season 1
Khan: No. 1 Crime Hunter: Season 1
Mere Papa Hero Hiralal: Season 1
Simon: Season 1
Love Ni Bhavai
Nibunan
Waiting
Hombanna
Abhinetri
Ajji
Gurgaon
Roberto Saviano: Writing Under Police Protection
Jewel's Catch One
The Carter Effect
Life, Animated
Life, Animated
PJ Masks: Season 1
Pocoyo Halloween: Spooky Movies
Pocoyo & Cars
Pocoyo Carnival
Pocoyo Halloween: Space Halloween
Pocoyo & The Space Circus
Pocoyo Special Sports
Darc
Toc Toc
My Perfect Romance
CIA: Comrade in America
Food On The Go
Coffee for All
The Clapper
Si saben cómo me pongo ¿pá qué me invitan?
Spiritual House: Season 1
Duck Butter
May 2
Jailbreak
May 3
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 2
Miracles from Heaven
The Angry Birds Movie
Stagecoach: The Texas Jack Story
The Durrells: Season 1
May 4
RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 10
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
No Estoy Loca
Lo más sencillo es complicarlo to-do
Family Blood
Kakegurui: Season 1
Thi Mai
The Good Cop: Season 1
May 5
Pup Star: World Tour
May 6
Poldark: Season 2
May 7
Prince Jai Aur Dumdaar Viru: Season 2
Sab Jholmaal Hai: Season 2
May 8
iZombie: Season 4
May 9
Daddy Day Care
May 10
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 2
Bad Neighbours 2
Jeepers Creepers 3
O Renascimento do Parto
May 11
Taxi Driver
RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 10
London
Ha Unlimited 2
Ha Unlimited 1
Spivak
May 13
The Intern
Kickboxer: Retaliation
May 14
The Legend of Wu Kong
iZombie: Season 4
May 15
Project Runway: Season 10
Project Runway: Season 9
Brain Games: Season 2
Drugs, Inc.: Season 4
Unusual Cultures: Season 1
Top 10 Secrets and Mysteries: Season 1
The Game 365: Season 15
The Game 365: Season 16
Disaster Earth: Season 1
Inside Cocaine Wars: Season 1
Doomsday Preppers: Season 1
The Traffickers: Season 1
Whisker Wars: Season 1
Project Runway: Junior: Season 1
Project Runway: Junior: Season 2
Invaders: Season 1
Lockdown Oz: Maximum Security
Party Like: Season 1
Crimes Against Nature: Season 1
Wild Australia: Season 1
Animal Intervention: Season 1
How Big Can It Get: Season 1
The Fashion Fund: Season 1
Catching Hell: Season 1
I Own Australia's Best Home: Season 1
I Own Britain's Best Home: Season 1
Martha Bakes: Season 5
Martha Bakes: Season 6
The Art Of...: Season 2
Je ne suis pas une sorcière
Aadu 2
Chalay Thay Saath
Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas: Season 1
Lupin the 3rd: The Castle of Cagliostro: Special Edition
May 16
Asian Provocateur: Season 2
May 17
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 2
The Meddler
May 18
The Social Network
The Punisher
RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 10
Midnight Express
True Music (Working Title): Songs (Working Title)
May 20
Episodes: Season 5
May 22
iZombie: Season 4
Men On A Mission: 2018
Maze
May 24
Killers
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 2
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2
Making Fun: The Story of Funko
Survivor's Guide to Prison
May 25
Mindhunters
RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 10
Reign Over Me
May 26
12 Monkeys: Season 3
The Darkness
May 27
Pan
May 28
Maggie's Plan
Lockup: Raw: Collection 1
May 29
iZombie: Season 4
May 30
Wish Upon
Trump: An American Dream: Season 1
May 31
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 2
Queen of the South: Season 2
Healer: Season 1
Full House
Oh My Venus: Season 1
Who Are You: School 2015: Season 1
Hwarang: Season 1
Blood: Season 1
The Producers: Season 1
Love in the Moonlight: Season 1
Uncontrollably Fond: Season 1
Beauty and the Bitches: Season 2
Blood & Treasures: Season 1
Beauty and the Bitches: Season 1
Five players from FC Porto who could be on the move in the summer
Porto is known as a breeding ground of talents in Europe. Here are five players who could be on their way out of Porto in the summer
@snehanjanb by Snehanjan Banerjee Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 15:59 IST
Yacine Brahimi has been linked with a whole host of clubs across Europe
Since the last decade, Portugal has been one of the biggest the breeding grounds of talents in Europe. Clubs like Benfica, Sporting and Porto have kept on producing some amazing players who have gone on to become world beaters in the future. We have seen the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Angel Di Maria, David Luiz, Falcao, James Rodriguez et al emerging at the big stage after plying their trade in the Portuguese league over the years.
Porto is one of the biggest clubs in Portugal and have a gifted set of players who look ready for the next step. The Lisbon club is known for their excellent academy and scouting network and have given the world, players like Falcao, Hulk and James Rodriguez amongst many others.
Let us take a look at five such Porto players who could move in the summer-
#1 Yacine Brahimi
Brahimi is one of the biggest stars in the Portuguese Primeira Liga at the moment and has been the subject of interest from a number of Premier League clubs in recent times. Last summer, he was heavily linked with the likes of Everton and Arsenal and it is a bit surprising to see the Algerian dazzler still plying his trade for Porto.
The 27-year-old is predominantly a winger but is also capable of plying his trade as an attacking midfielder. The former Granada man is blessed with terrific ball control and technique and is known as a technical dribbler. Porto managed to keep hold onto him last summer but it won' be easy for them to keep the Algerian star at Estádio do Dragão for much long.
× 1 of 3 Expand Swan Dive is located at 805 N. Davis St. (Photo by Eileen Mellon) × 2 of 3 Expand The interior of Swan Dive was designed by chef and owner Kevin Roberts. (Photo by Eileen Mellon) × 3 of 3 Expand Swan Dive's max occupancy is 60 people. (Photo by Eileen Mellon) Prev Next
Swan Dive, the highly anticipated restaurant from chef and owner Kevin Roberts, formerly of The Black Sheep, is set to take flight the first week of June and bring French-style cuisine to 805 N. Davis St.
The road to open Swan Dive has been a long one for Roberts — he expected to open six months ago but ran into delays related to zoning, closing The Black Sheep and family responsibilities.
The anticipatory feeling by Roberts, and the local dining community, is also echoed by the restaurant's neighbors. As I sit at one of the black resurfaced tables, someone walking by peers inside, opens the door and asks if the restaurant is open.
“We live right next door,” the gentleman says, his eyes scanning the renovated restaurant. “We've been peeking in the windows every time we pass.”
Roberts says this happens every day.
“Some days I have to lock the door and pull down the blinds,” he says jokingly.
With any luck, those passersby will turn into regulars, and those regulars will transform Swan Dive into the corner spot and neighborhood sanctuary Roberts envisions.
“I was excited to get into this space because of the neighbors. ... When they walk by, they say, ‘I can't wait!' and I'm like, ‘You can't wait?' ” says Roberts, laughing. “This is the albatross around my neck right now.”
Roberts has been a part of restaurant openings in the past (Perly's, The Black Sheep), but never as the sole owner. Roberts left The Black Sheep, a venture he co-owned with partner Amy Hess, in November 2017, leaving behind the beloved battleship subs, but also a smaller space that lacked parking, an easily accessible walk-in cooler, a dumpster and, most importantly, the capacity to grow. The Black Sheep also dealt with a summer of plumbing and sewer issues that caused them to close for days at a time before finally shutting their doors for good.
“Now I kind of have a clean slate, and I had headaches with that building and location,” says Roberts. “Just to have my own dumpster is awesome. ... I parked right out front; that would happen once in a blue moon [at the old location].”
It's the little things.
Roberts has transformed the former gas station, most recently the Betty on Davis space, into his version of a dive bar. The walls are decorated with a hodgepodge of decor, including prints purchased from thrift stores, personal pieces from “art school days,” a brass swan, a globe and assorted pottery.
The bar sports seven refurbished black faux alligator-skin stools, where future patrons can enjoy martinis, a Narragansett lager, or a Je m'appelle Lili, a specialty cocktail created by Roberts' wife, Rachelle, made using Tito's Vodka, Lillet Rose, Dolin Blanc, simple syrup, lemon and egg white.
The vibe inside is slightly eclectic, slightly homey — a mix between the decor of your grandmother's house and that of a hipster with the thrift-store hookup — milk-glass lamps, vintage pieces and brass figurines are scattered throughout.
“I can definitely see Grandma's house, but I don't think she'll have a silk screen of Broad Street on her wall,” says Roberts. “It's a little more urban, cosmopolitan, European — it's all kind of tongue and cheek and silly and playful but also kind of sharp.”
The deep coral and light blue walls were painted and stenciled by Roberts, who was fully involved in the remodeling process. He proudly points out small details he's added that aid in the ambiance he's striving to create: black chairs accented by golden birds, maroon cafe curtains he installed, the painted border around the original silver tin ceiling, a nautical-themed bathroom and a crocheted horse wall hanging.
The menu, reminiscent of a Parisian bistro, blends traditional and nontraditional flavors with modern techniques. A section is dedicated to croques monsieurs, including a classic Le President with gruyere, ham and bechamel, and the Mary and Bert with aged white cheddar, fresh-ground sausage and roasted-onion bechamel.
Roberts and his wife traveled to Paris a few years ago, and he found himself wanting to re-create the simple and delicious flavors they fell in love with at hole-in-the-wall restaurants.
“It's a one-page menu, very much like a bistro or cafe … all very simple,” says Roberts. “Kind of using Parisian bistros as an inspiration to bring something to the area that isn't happening anywhere else in town.”
The menu features a variety of salads, including a classic nicoise and a seafood “shells of light,” which blends light, sweet and acidic flavors of shrimp, crab, mango, grapefruit, pineapple and avocado with a house-made papaya dressing.
All sandwiches will be served with waffle fries and pickles. The European theme is reflected in the selection of cheeses available for the Jacques in the Box burger, made from fresh ground brisket, which include Muenster, Gruyere, Camembert, Fourme d ‘Ambert, aged white cheddar and goat. The Le Club Rose is an elevated version of a club sandwich: salmon filet, bacon, Dijon mustard, watercress, creamy shrimp and cucumber salad, sliced tomato, red onion, and roasted pain de campagne (French sourdough).
Dinner service offers diners the option of a three-course prix-fixe menu — a salad or soup, an entree (chicken, veal, pasta or fish), and a third course consisting of either dessert or a cheese plate for $22, paired with a glass of wine for $28 — in addition to the rest of the menu.
As for the name?
“I was kidding around with someone and said, 'This is the last time I'm doing this; I should just name it Swan Song, kind of like your last hurray,' and he said, ‘What about Swan Dive?' ” says Roberts. “I said I love that name ... [the] heart [of the space] is still a dive bar, and that's what I was going for.”
Roberts says although there's a tinge of nostalgia as he begins his newest culinary adventure and leaves The Black Sheep behind, he's ready for something new.
“I'm looking forward to this next chapter,” he says. “It won't be a house of battleships, but hopefully [diners will] respond. I think it'll be a more neighborhood-y thing than The Black Sheep was.”
Swan Dive is slated to open at 805 N. Davis St. in The Fan the first week of June, beginning with lunch and then adding dinner service. Roberts has crafted a bunch menu but is working on zoning issues before he can begin Sunday service. The restaurant will be open daily from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m.
Optimist Asian and Oceanian Championship – Final day
Final day – Optimist Asian and Oceanian Championship © Guy Nowell / Optimist Asian & Oceanian Champs Final day – Optimist Asian and Oceanian Championship © Guy Nowell / Optimist Asian & Oceanian Champs
by RHKYC Media today at 2:53 pmThe first two championship races were sailed yesterday where Singapore's Muhammad Daniel Kei Bin Muhammad Yazid, moved up from fourth to first overall after coming first and second in his races. With a total of 28 points, he was 15 points ahead of his nearest competitor Demir Dirk from Turkey with China's Xilun Lin following in third overall.
The sailing conditions for the final day of racing today were excellent with 15 to 18kts of breeze over the racetrack located off Stanley Bay. The Yellow Fleet was the first to the line with all racers getting away with a clean start.
Singapore's Muhammad Daniel Kei Bin Muhammad Yazid sailed his way to second place in the first race of the day confirming his position as first overall of the 2017 Asian Optimist and Oceanian Championship with a commanding lead of 16 points over second place overall finisher Demir Dirk, from Turkey who finished 17th and fourth. China's Xilun Lin was only one point behind Dirik with a 17th and second place finish today.
There was a massive sag line for the start of the final race for the Yellow fleet today, which resulted in Japanese sailor Koki Yasunaga having an excellent start at the pin and some of the sailors getting stuck in the middle of the line. Due to the great start, Yasunaga finished 10th in the race allowing him to jump 16 places to 19th Overall.
Another sailor who catapulted his way up the ladder today is the 2017 Oceanian Champion, Australia's Toby Coote in 22nd overall, Coote jumped from 41st overall with a fifth and sixth place finishes today.
The top placed female sailor of the regatta is Singapore's Faith Hailey Toh in 10th overall, followed by China's Yiyin Zeng in 13th and Thailand's Intira Panpiboon in 15th.
Host country's Duncan Gregor finished eighth overall. Gregor will be competing later this year in the Zhik 29er Worlds, which will also be held at Middle Island.
Also maintaining the three top positions from yesterday in the Blue Fleet is India's Navyn Prabhakar followed by New Zealand's Sydney Cunliffe in second. Cunliffe is also the top female sailor of the Blue Fleet. Chinese Taipei's Yu Lin Yang is in third overall.
The official prize giving will be held tonight at the championship base, the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club on Middle Island. Champions will be awarded trophies made with up-cycled materials keeping in tune with the Sailors of the Sea, clean regatta scheme.
We look forward to seeing the sailors return for the 2018 Asian and Oceanian Championship in Myanmar next November.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/157814
ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) — Hundreds of people have attended a commemoration ceremony honoring a Croatian general who died after apparently taking poison at a United Nations tribunal that confirmed his war crimes conviction.
Two government ministers attended the ceremony organized by a generals' association and held Monday at the main concert hall in Zagreb, the capital. The gathering is seen as a display of resurging nationalism in the European Union's newest member state.
Slobodan Praljak gulped what he said was poison after judges at the war crimes court in The Hague, Netherlands, confirmed his conviction in an appeals hearing last month. Dutch authorities and the court have opened investigations into how he obtained the substance.
Many in Croatia consider Praljak a hero despite his conviction for war crimes in Bosnia during the 1992-95 war.
Airbnb banned white supremacists from its platform before the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, to prevent their platform from being used for hate. Many say this is an example of a tech company that's finally figured out how to do the right thing. Companies like Facebook are known for terms of service that ban people from saying "all white people are racist," but allow actual white supremacists and hate groups to use their tools to organize events. Should companies take a moral stance?
PERSPECTIVES
Others argue corporations shouldn't be the ones who decide what kind of speech can and cannot be tolerated. When we asked the Internet whether it's Facebook's job to uphold free speech, and the 58.1 percent answered yes.
We shouldn't place our trust in algorithms and software made by Silicon Valley types who exist in their own echo chamber. Whether you're on the right or left, there are a lot of reasons to be skeptical that tech companies will get it right.
The biggest problem is that these companies do not have people in their best interests. These are public companies with a fiduciary duty to its shareholders--not to the American people. They're here to make money, not to facilitate speech or the free flow of ideas.
Asking these companies to weigh in on culture wars is dangerous. They're never going to be on anyone's side--the left and the right both call foul over Facebook and Twitter policies. There's no due process when it comes to private companies. Asking for private companies to police speech, whether we hate it or love it, will not end well.
People say Airbnb, GoDaddy and Google did the right thing by banning white supremacists from their platforms. In the past, we've seen companies respond after the fact when something horrible occurs. Twitter is widely known for dragging its feet on harassment and often makes bizarre callsthat no one understands.
Airbnb has struggled with discrimination and harassment in the past too. Reports found Black users routinely faced discrimination when trying to book a place to stay. An Asian woman was explicitly discriminated against on the platform. Airbnb's proactive banning before Charlottesville is proof tech companies can change and make smart decisions.
Of course, social media websites designed for free-flowing communication are much harder to moderate than a website with a focus as narrow as home-stays. But those sites can still follow Airbnb's lead: When people in your community complain, you need to investigate and take action. That means not being afraid of pissing off thousands of people who use their platforms to share hate speech--which, yes, sometimes bleed into broader accusations of partisan bias, which social media sites are particularly loathe to incur. In an industry where losing users means losing money, booting anyone is a big deal, but it can also send a big message.
How do we feel about private companies effectively regulating speech in this way? https://t.co/cCPILyhK0s -- Lydia Polgreen (@lpolgreen) August 14, 2017
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Brady Long of Buehler's Fresh Foods in Medina, Ohio, defeated 22 other Best Bagger competitors from across the nation to claim a grand prize of $10,000 and the title of the National Grocers Association (NGA) Best Bagger Champion.
Designed to promote supermarket employees and demonstrate a superior core customer service skill, the competition has been held by NGA since 1987. Contestants are judged by speed of bagging, proper bag-building technique, weight distribution in the bag, as well as style, attitude and appearance, and are chosen through statewide competitions over the course of a year.
This year's competition was sponsored by PepsiCo and emceed for the third consecutive year by Food Network star Duff Goldman. The competition was held Monday during The NGA Show in Las Vegas.
Kayelyn Henley of K-VA-T Food City in Virginia was awarded the second place prize of $5,000, and the third place prize of $1,000 went to Hunter Wisecarver of K-VA-T Food City in Tennessee. Fourth and fifth place winners, winning $1,000 each, were Spencer Balderas of Shaw's Supermarket in Vermont and Molly Dittman of Harmons in Utah, respectively.
“Baggers and courtesy clerks are often the last impression a customer has of a store, and because of this, superior bagging skills, along with friendly customer service, are critical elements to a positive shopping experience for the consumer,” said NGA President and CEO Peter J. Larkin. “The Best Bagger competition truly epitomizes the spirit and work ethic of the supermarket industry. Congratulations to Brady, who competed with great enthusiasm, and to all our Best Bagger participants who showcased their passion for excellent customer service.”
NGA, Nielsen preview national grocery shoppers survey findings
In other show news, NGA on Monday released topline results from its national grocery shoppers survey that was conducted by Nielsen on behalf of NGA. The survey segments data by independent shoppers from regional and national chain shoppers and provides analysis into consumer attitudes and behaviors. Insights from the survey, along with recommendations on how independents can identify trends and implement strategies to grow their bottom lines, were presented during an educational session at the show.
The results revealed high consumer satisfaction among independent supermarkets. Eighty-two percent of respondents who primarily shop at an independent supermarket reported being very/extremely satisfied compared to 65 percent of respondents who reported being very/extremely satisfied with a national chain. Findings from the survey also showed that independent grocers perform highly in featuring fresh food, the selection of locally grown produce and other packaged goods, and high-quality fresh fruits and vegetables.
“In an extremely competitive industry, independents are finding innovative ways to differentiate themselves in the marketplace and are doing so with much success,” said Larkin. “With their strong community roots and the agility to respond quickly to consumer demand, independent grocers are on the forefront of meeting customer demand, particularly in areas such as local and fresh.”
Laurie Rains, vice VP, U.S. Retail Consumer & Shopper Analytics, Nielsen, said, “Survey results show once again that grocery shoppers are extremely satisfied with the experience they are having with independent grocery stores. While independents can grow their market share by leveraging their strengths, there are areas of opportunity for growth, such as in the health and wellness categories and offering dietitian services.”
Added Larkin, “The results from this survey provide good recommendations that independent grocers can implement to win in the marketplace. NGA is providing resources to our members to help them implement new business strategies to grow their bottom line.”
Key findings of the research include:
• Local Offerings: According to the survey results, independents shoppers value locally grown fresh foods and source traceability more than national and regional chain shoppers.
• The Health and Wellness Wave: Six in 10 shoppers believe that healthy foods should be displayed alongside other food items.
• Digital Touch: Results show that 20 percent of shoppers shop online, up from 16 percent last year, with 74 percent who shop online using a delivery service and 44 percent using click and collect.
• Community: A quarter of shoppers are strongly influenced by a store that engages in the community, 4 percent higher than last year's results.
These survey results will be released in full and further examined in a “The Independent Consumer” webinar series throughout 2017. This research report was sponsored by The Shelby Report.
*Editor's note: Find more NGA Show coverage here and on our social media channels.
PULLMAN, Wash. (AP) — No. 21 Washington State has dismissed leading receiver Tavares Martin Jr. from the team for violation of team rules.
A school spokesman confirmed the move Sunday. Martin led the Cougars with 70 receptions and nine touchdowns during the regular season as Washington State went 9-3 and earned a spot in the Holiday Bowl. He was named second-team all-Pac-12 by the AP.
Martin, a junior from Belle Glade, Florida, also was suspended for a game in October against Colorado for violating team rules. He had 150 receptions and 17 touchdowns in his three seasons with the Cougars.
The loss of Martin leaves the Cougars without two of their top three receivers for the Holiday Bowl matchup against Michigan State.
Isaiah Johnson-Mack has requested his release to transfer closer to his home in Florida. Coach Mike Leach said Saturday that Johnson-Mack was not practicing with the team and he did not expect him to play in the bowl game.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
February is app month for Comcast. After introducing its Roku app earlier in the month, Comcast announced it will replace its Xfinity TV app on February 28. Xfinity Stream, the name of the new app, aims to give Comcast subscribers an Xfinity X1-like experience on Android and iOS.
That means features from your set-top box are coming to mobile, such as favorite channel filtering, a Spanish language guide, more than 50 music channels, rating recommendations from Common Sense Media, and parental controls. The new app offers more than 200 live TV channels for streaming outside the home, including CNN, Fox News, Fox Sports, NBC Sports, Disney Channel, and Nick Jr. The Stream app will also provide access to recorded programs on your DVR and the ability to program it remotely, as well as more than 40,000 video on demand titles.
Anyone who already has the regular Xfinity TV app installed on their device will get the new experience automatically. Comcast subscribers who haven't downloaded Xfinity TV yet can get the new app for free from the App Store or Google Play on February 28.
The story behind the story: Comcast subscribers may notice that the cable company already offers another service under the Stream brand. Stream TV is Comcast's streaming skinny bundle aimed at cord cutters. Comcast told Multichannel News that once Stream TV rolls out nationally it will probably be rebranded to cut down on confusion. Even so, Stream TV customers will access the service on—you guessed it—the Xfinity Stream app.
This story, "Comcast's Xfinity Stream app will bring live TV, Xfinity X1 features to your mobile device" was originally published by TechHive.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Six Nations is back - and England are bidding to make history.
Eddie Jones' men can become the first team to win the competition outright three years on the bounce since its inception.
But it looks increasingly likely to boil down to an intense last day decider, with second-favourites Ireland heading to Twickenham during the final round of fixtures.
Daily Mirror rugby union correspondent Alex Spink gives his expert opinion on the opening weekend of the competition, alongside Aaron Flanagan and Richard Innes on the inaugural Mirror Maul: Six Nations Podcast.
There's something for everyone, as Alex talks through England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland's chances in a way that both complete rookies and seasoned professionals will understand.
Listen to the podcast on iTunes, Audioboom and Spotify - all out now!
BALTIMORE (AP) — The CEO of Baltimore-based sports apparel company Under Armour is responding to criticism he received after calling President Donald Trump “an asset to the country.”
Kevin Plank wrote an open letter to Baltimore published as a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun Wednesday. He wrote that his choice of words during an interview with CNBC last week “did not accurately reflect my intent.” Three celebrities the company sponsors — basketball star Stephen Curry, actor Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson and ballerina Misty Copeland — were among those voicing concerns about his praise of Trump.
Plank says the company stands for equal rights and job creation and believes “immigration is a source of strength, diversity and innovation for global companies based in America.” He says the company opposes the president's travel ban.
India's Supreme Court ordered the dismissal Monday of the president of the country's powerful cricket board over the failure to enact a series of recommended reforms.
In a shock ruling, a panel of judges said that Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president Anurag Thakur and the organisation's number two Ajay Shirke had to stand down immediately.
“The Supreme Court passes an order directing the BCCI president and secretary to desist from any board functions from hereon,” said the ruling.
The order comes after judges also slapped restrictions on the BCCI's accounts last year over its failure to implement a series of reforms recommended by a panel headed by a former top judge, Rajendra Mal Lodha.
Cricket's massive popularity in India has helped the BCCI become by far the wealthiest of all of cricket's national boards, netting massive money from sponsorship and TV deals.
But it has also been embroiled in a series of scandals, including accusations of corruption and match-fixing that tarnished the Indian Premier League (IPL), the board's lucrative Twenty20 competition.
A corruption and match-fixing scandal in the sixth edition of the IPL in 2013 brought about the downfall of the board's president Narayanaswami Srinivasan after his son-in-law was accused of betting on matches.
Two of the eight franchises in the IPL were suspended as a result of the scandal, including the Chennai Super Kings which was owned by Srinivasan's India Cements company.
The elevation of Thakur and Shirke had been seen as representing a break with the past.
But the board's reluctance to implement Lodha's recommendations, which included age limits and term limits on office-bearers, had triggered a number of legal battles.
The recent series against England was nearly cancelled on the eve of the first Test as a result of the funding restrictions.
There was no immediate reaction from Thakur on Monday's announcement although Shirke appeared to accept the ruling.
“That is the Supreme Court's order and I cease to be secretary and that is absolutely fine. I have nothing to react because my role in BCCI is over,” he said in brief comments to the NDTV network.
“If the Supreme Court has asked Anurag ji and me to leave the BCCI, that's fine, we'll leave the BCCI.
“I don't regret anything, I have no personal ambitions.”
In his response to the latest judgement, Lodha said that it was an inevitable consequence of the board's foot-dragging.
“One should understand that when the order of the Supreme Court, which is the highest court of the land, has come, it has to be obeyed by all. It is the law of the land. Nobody can escape it,” Lodha told reporters.
“There were obstructions. There were impediments. We fixed the timeline that was not adhered to. We submitted three reports before the Supreme Court, even then it was not implemented.”
Easing Old People's Loneliness Can Help Keep Them Healthy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anna Gorman/KHN Anna Gorman/KHN
Emil Girardi moved to San Francisco on New Year's Eve in 1960. He loved everything about the city: the energy, the people and the hills. And, of course, the bars, where Girardi mixed drinks for most of his adult life.
About 10 years ago, the 83-year-old New York native had a stroke and collapsed on the sidewalk near his Nob Hill home. Everything changed.
"I didn't want to go out of the house," Girardi recalled, adding he only felt comfortable "going from the bedroom to the dining room."
He'd started to fear the city's streets — and growing older.
An out-of-state friend worried about his isolation and called a San Francisco-based nonprofit called Little Brothers, Friends of the Elderly. The organization works to relieve isolation and loneliness among the city's seniors by pairing them with volunteers.
Little Brothers matched him with Shipra Narruhn, a computer software trainer who has volunteered with various organizations over the years, and became involved with Little Brothers after her mother's death. The organization started in France after World War II and now operates in several U.S. cities, including Chicago, Philadelphia and San Francisco.
Cathy Michalec, the executive director of the local nonprofit, said older adults often become less mobile as they age. Cities like San Francisco, because of hills, crowded streets or old housing stock, are difficult for many seniors. That can lead to isolation and loneliness, Michalec said.
"Those 50 stairs you used to be able to go up and down all the time, you can't go up and down all the time," she said. "The streets are crowded and sometimes unsafe. ... Sometimes, our elders say, it's easier to stay in the house."
Across the nation, geriatricians and other health and social service providers are growing increasingly worried about loneliness among seniors like Girardi. Their concerns are fueled by studies showing the emotional isolation is linked to serious health problems. Research shows older adults who feel lonely are at greater risk of memory loss, strokes, heart disease and high blood pressure. The health threat is similar to that of smoking 15 cigarettes a day, according to AARP. Researchers say that loneliness and isolation are linked to physical inactivity and poor sleep, as well as high blood pressure and poor immune functioning.
A 2012 study showed that people who felt lonely – whether or not they lived with others or suffered from depression – were at heightened risk of death. It also showed that 43 percent of people over 60 felt lonely.
"If someone reports feeling lonely, they are more likely to lose their independence and they are at greater risk of dying solely from being lonely," said Dr. Carla Perissinotto, a geriatrician and researcher at the University of California, San Francisco who authored the study.
There can be many causes of loneliness, Perissinotto said, including illness, hearing loss or life changes such as retirement or the loss of a spouse. "The usual social connections we have in younger life end up changing as we get older," she said.
Narruhn recalled that she and Girardi would just visit at his apartment, in the beginning. She'd tell him about her travels and her adult daughter. He'd tell her about his adventures in San Francisco. He described what the city was like as a young gay man, and told her about the friends he had lost to AIDS. They talked about music, books and cooking.
"I could tell from talking to him that he had a lot of interests," she said. "At one time, he was very sociable."
Gradually, Narruhn started bringing him music from Italy, India and Mexico. Girardi liked the songs he could snap his fingers to. Finally, Shipra convinced him to go out to lunch – and to visit a hidden, tile-covered staircase in San Francisco with her.
"Shipra came to see me, and came to see me and came to see me," he said. "Finally, she said, 'You have to get out of the house.'"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anna Gorman/KHN Anna Gorman/KHN
Soon, they were going to jazz shows, on walks and to the park. Narruhn said she invited Girardi to do eclectic things with her – chakra cleansings, Reiki healing sessions – and he was always game. Over time, his fear subsided. So did his loneliness.
"After she took me out of the house, then I didn't want to stop," Girardi said.
There isn't much research about the effectiveness of programs such as Little Brothers. But Perissinotto said they can help seniors build new social connections. Other efforts to address loneliness include roommate matching services in various states and, in the United Kingdom, a call-in hotline.
"Maintaining connections, that touchy-feely thing, is actually really important," Perissinotto said. "It's hard to measure, it's hard to quantify, but there is something real. Even though we don't have the exact research, we have tons of stories where we know it's [had] an effect in people's lives."
AARP Foundation also recently launched a nationwide online network to raise awareness about social isolation and loneliness among older adults. The network, Connect2Affect, allows people to do a self-assessment test and reach out to others feeling disconnected.
AARP, the Gerontological Society of America and other organizations are hoping to help create more understanding of isolation and loneliness and to help lonely seniors build more social connections.
"Loneliness is a huge issue we don't talk enough about," said Dr. Charlotte Yeh, chief medical officer of AARP Services. "There is a huge stigma."
One afternoon in November, Narruhn came by to take Girardi out to one of their favorite restaurants on Polk Street. The waiter greeted them by name. Over Italian food, they planned several more visits together.
Girardi said he doesn't fear growing older anymore. He's surrounded by his new family. And by good music, he said, and "snapping fingers."
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente. You can follow Anna Gorman on Twitter: @annagorman.
Ammunition Seller Charged In Connection With Las Vegas Shooting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brian Skoloff/AP Brian Skoloff/AP
Federal prosecutors have charged Douglas Haig, a man identified earlier this week as "a person of interest" in the Las Vegas mass shooting, with selling bullets he had modified to make them more potent — referred to as armor-piercing.
The 55-year-old aerospace engineer did not have a license to manufacture and sell the armor-piercing bullets he sold to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the massacre that left 58 people dead. Paddock died at the scene from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Court documents filed Friday indicated Haig also sold Paddock 720 rounds of tracer bullets.
Haig came to investigators' attention early on, when they found a shipping box with his name on it among Paddock's possessions, reports NPR's Martin Kaste.
Authorities also found Haig's fingerprints on armor-piercing bullets recovered from Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room. The ammunition found at the scene was unfired, and it's unclear if any of it was used in the attack.
Haig held a press conference with his attorney by his side on the same day federal authorities filed the charge. In it he explained how he first met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and calmly recounted having three separate phone conversations with Paddock whom he described as "very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful."
That's when Paddock told Haig he wanted the tracer bullets.
Tracer ammunition is built with a small pyrotechnic charge that produces a bright trail of light to allow a shooter to see the bullet's trajectory during nighttime firing or other low visibility scenarios.
"At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell," Haig told reporters.
The complaint says Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition, he put on gloves before taking the box from Haig.
Haig defended himself as merely a vendor, saying, "I had no contribution to what Paddock did. I had no way to see into his mind. The product that I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did."
His lawyer, Marc J. Victor, also called the exchange "a very routine transaction."
The Mesa, Ariz., resident also recounted receiving several death threats over the phone and in person at his home in recent days. Haig's name was released to the press after authorities released documents containing his full name.
If convicted, Haig faces up to five years in prison, a fine of $250,000 or both, according to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas.
LONDON (AP) — With smoke still swirling around the charred remains of Grenfell Tower in west London, residents and community leaders demanded to know Wednesday how a ferocious fire could have swept through the high-rise apartment block with such speed that it killed at least 12 people.
The anger was particularly strong since activists had warned just seven months ago that fire safety procedures were so lax that only a catastrophic blaze would bring the scrutiny needed to make the building safe.
WHAT HAPPENED?
Fire and police officials have not specified what went wrong, but extensive video footage shows the flames climbing the exterior of the building at a remarkable pace.
Advertisement
“I've never seen a fire like that in my life,” said Joe Ruane, the former deputy chief fire officer for U.S. Air Force bases in Britain. “I've never seen that in a residential block.”
The 24-story public housing complex is owned by the local government council in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and was completed in the 1970s. It is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, which spent 10 million pounds ($12.8 million) refurbishing the building over the last two years.
The renovation project included installation of insulated exterior cladding, double-glazed windows and a communal heating system. Investigators need to look at what materials were used in the project and who approved their use, Ruane said. But he said the speed with which the fire spread suggests that more than one fire protection safeguard failed.
“It's not just one thing,” Ruane said. “It's multiple issues.”
WHAT WAS THE FIRE PROCEDURE AT THE BUILDING?
Some residents suggested that Grenfell Tower's policies were to blame for the disaster.
A newsletter put out by the building's tenant organization told tenants to follow a “stay put” policy and remain in their apartments during a fire unless the blaze was inside their apartment or in their hallway or until they were told to evacuate by officials.
This policy is in place “because Grenfell was designed according to rigorous fire-safety standards,” according to the 2014 newsletter about the renovation project. New front doors in each apartment could withstand a fire for up to 30 minutes, “which gives plenty of time for the fire brigade to arrive,” the newsletter said.
That policy, often followed in high-rise hotels, may be effective in lesser fires. In this case, however, the fire seemed to climb the exterior of the tower so quickly that it overwhelmed protective systems like fire doors. People who initially remained in place may have been unable to escape later because the hallways and fire escapes were filled with heavy smoke and flames.
The London Fire Brigade said crews were on the scene within six minutes of the first reports of the fire, but they were unable to reach people on higher floors to prevent fatalities.
WHO IS TO BLAME?
While investigations are underway to determine what went wrong, tenants said repeated complaints were ignored. Survivor Edward Daffarn said the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, or KCTMO, which manages the Grenfell Tower as well as other buildings in the area, is responsible because it ignored numerous warnings.
The management organization's annual accounts for the year ending March 31, 2016, indicate that the company has been cited for fire-safety issues in the past.
Following an October 2015 arson fire at one of the buildings it manages, the 14-story Adair Tower, the London Fire Brigade issued an enforcement notice to install self-closing devices on the front doors of all 78 apartments and to improve fire safety in staircases used for escape, the organization said in the report.
The Fire Brigade issued a similar notice for another KCTMO-managed building, Hazelwood Tower. The upgrades were scheduled to be completed by 2016, the report said.
The Grenfell Tower disaster is uncomfortably similar to a fast-moving blaze at another London-area public housing project, Lakanal House, that killed six people, including three children, eight years ago. In that July 2009 fire, smoke and flames quickly engulfed the 14-story building. A coroner's inquest found that a series of failures contributed to the loss of life and made a number of recommendations to help prevent future disasters.
Investigators probing the Grenfell Tower fire will have to look at which of those recommendations were implemented in the building and which were not, said Jim Fitzpatrick, a former firefighter who now serves in the House of Commons.
“These will be matters for the scientists and the engineers … to find out exactly how the fire started, why it spread so quickly and what could have been done to prevent it,” Fitzpatrick told Sky News.
A local community organization, the Grenfell Action Group, had warned about fire dangers at the building since 2013. In a series of blog posts, the group raised concerns about testing and maintenance of fire-fighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site.
“All our warnings fell on deaf ears, and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time,” the group said in a blog post Wednesday.
KCTMO said it is cooperating with investigators and that it was aware of tenant complaints. “We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations,” it said in a statement.
The Kensington and Chelsea Council promised a full investigation into Wednesday's tragedy and a public accounting. The UK government also ordered checks at tower blocks that have had or are going through similar renovations as those at Grenfell Tower.
SPRINGFIELD - Hampden District Attorney Anthony Gulluni on Tuesday submitted at least 1,600 signatures to secure a spot on the ballot, and a cake walk to a second term looks likely.
Gulluni won a hard fought race as a political newcomer in 2014 with four Democrats vying for the seat vacated by now U.S. District Judge Mark Mastroianni. His bid for a second term looks decidedly less stressful (and less expensive) than his first with no apparent competition as filing deadlines approach.
Candidates for countywide offices must submit signatures from residents of individual cities and towns by May 1, which then must be certified by the state by May 29 in order to appear on voters' ballots in the fall.
While former Springfield Parking Authority director Mary McNally signaled a possible challenge to Gulluni in February by pulling nomination papers, she was admittedly ambivalent about running for office in an interview with The Republican in March.
McNally did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Tuesday and staff at the "little Statehouse" in Springfield where Gulluni submitted his signatures confirmed Gulluni is thus far alone in the prospective race.
Also submitting over 1,400 signatures at virtually the same time as Gulluni and his entourage of supporters arrived was former State Rep. Cheryl Coakley-Rivera. Now an assistant clerk in the Hampden Superior Court, she is challenging longtime Register of Deeds Donald E. Ashe.
Coakley-Rivera said her appearance the same time as the district attorney was a coincidence.
Gulluni, 37, was the youngest by far to win the county's top law enforcement seat when he secured his first win by a wide margin. Making his bid for a second term official, he touted partnerships with other law enforcement agencies, preventative initiatives with area youth and his first-term emphasis on public safety.
"The case that I'll make in asking the voters to re-elect me to a second term is our very clear record on behalf of the residents of Hampden County, the work that we've done on the public safety front, working with various law enforcement partners to make sure the streets are safe," Gulluni said after submitting his signatures.
"And also that we're doing the hard work in courtrooms across this county to make sure that people are held accountable and we keep people safe ... and initiatives across the spectrum in trying to help people avoid issues and avoid lives of crime," he added.
A Chicago mentoring program is teaching girls to be better communicators and leaders.Next week, people around the world will mark the International Day of the Girl. It's a global movement started by the United Nations to help make our communities a more equal place for young women.One local organization is doing that by polishing one pebble at a time. It's simple enough: start a conversation with a smile, hello and an introduction.The Shine Method is just one of the ways the Polished Pebbles mentoring program is helping young ladies become better communicators."What we want to see in polished pebbles is not just girls who want to join the future workplace. We want to see our polished pebbles to go in and shape the future workplace," said Kelly Fair, executive director of Polished Pebbles Girls Mentoring Program.And they're doing that by showing girls how to build better relationships and by exposing them to new opportunities."We usually run during the school year and toward the end of the school session. After 15 weeks of Polished Pebbles, the culminating event is to go to one of our partnering businesses and do a job shadow," Fair said.Not only are the girls learning life-changing communication skills, they also have a better understanding how to resolve conflicts."They teach you how to deal with criticism so when people talk about you, you don't care," said Kaliyah Young, 11."I talk to more people than I used to do because I was very quiet," said Connie Sain, 13."It kind of lets me go home and realize what I should be doing with my life and all the different things I could be learning," said Tania Lindsey, 12."It's a life-changing experience for them to go through this program," said Deborah Famer, mentor at Polished Pebbles. "We have to find a way to give back to more young women and they want it the moment you see them in groups and stop and talk to them you see the sparkle in their eyes and they're just excited that you've paid attention."On Saturday in Bronzeville, Polished Pebbles is hosting what it's calling "Chicago Girls Takeover." It's a fundraising event, but also they're hoping to recruit new mentors.They'll be honoring women and men who have helped girls in our communities become leaders and future change makers. Tickets are still available.Polished Pebbles started in Chicago, but has expanded to Indiana, Texas and there's a college chapter at Duke University.Saturday, October 75PM-8PMRenaissance Bronzeville,4641 South King Drive, ChicagoTickets: $75 general admission. $125 VIP Reception.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Kolkata: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday said schools in her state would celebrate Independence Day in “their own special way”, without following the diktat of the Union human resource development ministry.
The state government had earlier instructed schools to ignore a directive issued by the Union human resources development ministry asking education institutions to follow a centre-prescribed format for Independence Day celebration.
Banerjee clarified on Monday that she didn't ask them not to celebrate, but to do so in whatever manner they liked.
Kyle Kuzma finished with 27 points and eight rebounds, and Brook Lopez had 23 points and eight rebounds for Los Angeles. They were the catalysts in the Lakers' strong start, helping build a 28-19 lead that held for most of the first half.
Everything changed in the second half when OIadipo took control.
He and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After Julius Randle put in a layup, Collison answered with a 20-footer, and when the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 late in the third.
The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Kuzma was 3 of 10 on 3s, extending the franchise record for a rookie to 135. ... The Lakers lead the league with 52.7 points in the paint per game but only managed to match the Pacers 46-46 in that category. ... Randle finished with 21 points and nine rebounds. ... Lonzo Ball had four points and eight assists.
Pacers: Backup centre Domantas Sabonis missed his third straight game with a sprained left ankle and will miss the Pacers next game as well, coach Nate McMillan said before the game. ... Oladipo extended his streak of consecutive games with a steal to 54, breaking a tie with Ron Harper for No. 8 in league history. ... Thaddeus Young had 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists while Lance Stephenson had 16 points and five rebounds.
COLLISON'S BACK
Collison returned to the starting lineup for the first time since having knee surgery in early February. He wound up with 15 points and eight assists.
"It felt good, just getting used to playing with the first unit again" he said.
FREE-THROW ADVICE
The Lakers were 16 of 23 from the free-throw line, the latest chapter in a season-long struggle.
One thing that has helped, Walton said, was meditation. But plenty of people from all walks of life also have chimed in about possible solutions.
"There's a lot of people who know how to fix free throws," Walton said.
What about shooting under-handed Rick Barry style?
"If it works I'd be totally fine with our guys doing that," he said.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit New Orleans on Thursday night, the second stop on a five-game road trip.
Pacers: Will try to earn a series split at New Orleans on Wednesday night.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Michael Marot, The Associated Press
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea have been warned they must "do the exact opposite of panicking" to avoid repeating their meltdown under Jose Mourinho two years ago.
After the Blues went down 3-2 at home to Burnley on the opening day of the season, doubts have been cast about the legitimacy of their title reign.
The topic was discussed on Monday Night Football with Jamie Carragher insisting Antonio Conte must ensure there is no panic.
"Chelsea need to do the exact opposite of panicking," Carragher said on Monday Night Football.
"A couple of seasons ago when they drew with Swansea on the opening day and they had the incident with the club doctor, all of a sudden it felt like Chelsea were under pressure.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: REUTERS)
"I felt like people were fanning the flames. The story was getting bigger and bigger until Jose Mourinho eventually lost his job. They've lost one game at home - they should be thinking now 'relax.'
"They've got two games between now and the transfer window shutting. Antonio Conte needs to get two players in - they need strengthening, especially in the wing-back positions. They need to stop this tidal wave of negativity. The way Conte is speaking to the press you know something isn't right.
"That's got to stop. They've got to remember it's only one defeat and they've got to get their heads back on. As Conte has said, they don't want another Jose season."
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
OTTAWA — Canadian peacekeeping forces, which once numbered in the thousands, have dwindled to dozens in recent years, prompting the Liberal government to promise to re-engage in UN peace missions. On Monday, the government announced plans to send an aviation detachment of six helicopters to join a UN force in the west African country of Mali.
A by-the-numbers look at Canada and peacekeeping:
175,000: The number of Canadian troops who have been deployed on peacekeeping missions over the last 60 years.
More than 1,700: The number of Canadian deaths on peacekeeping missions.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emre Can admit he took criticism to heart after Liverpool's woeful January.
The Reds only managed one win, against Plymouth in an FA Cup replay, last month - before ending their hoodoo at home to Tottenham last weekend.
And Germany international Can admit he found it difficult to ignore the haters but has backed Jurgen Klopp to fire the Reds towards a Champions League place.
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
Can tell the Liverpool Echo : “It's not easy to ignore what people are saying because you naturally tend to read the newspapers and speak to friends and a lot of people in the city.
"Of course they want to talk about football. It's not easy to ignore, but we have to try and do that because it's the best way to focus on the games ahead.
“The most important thing is we have to stick together. When we have good performances we stick together and we must do the same when we have bad performances.”
Adam Lallana revealed this week skipper Jordan Henderson called a players-only meeting to help rejuvenate the Reds ahead of the Tottenham clash.
(Photo: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty)
And Can have told of Klopp holding his own get-togethers in an attempt to remind his squad of their potential.
“He is a very positive guy and has been encouraging us and trying to help us have a positive frame of mind so that everybody believes and thinks positively again,” said the Germany international.
“We have had a lot of meetings and he tries to motivate us because he also knows that we cannot forget the good times we have had this season.
“We are fifth in the league – one points off fourth – which is not too bad in a strong league.
“We know how quickly things can turn around in football. We have to stay together, be one team and look forward.
(Photo: John Powell)
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
“Of course, after we had so many good times in the first half of the season, nobody thought that we would have a spell (like we had). I think we can learn a lot from the past month and come back stronger.
“(The target has) always been to finish in the top four of the Premier League as we want to play in the Champions League next year. When you play for Liverpool, playing in the Champions League is always the target.”
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
Liverpool is without a game until the scheduled trip to Leicester City on Monday week, and head to La Manga tomorrow for a five-day training camp.
“It's different of course because now we have more time to train,” said Can, speaking to the official Liverpool matchday programme. “I'm sure we will make the opportunity to spend that time working on different things to try and improve.
“But as a player you'd always much rather be playing more games. Training is good but I prefer going out to play matches with the amazing support of our fans behind us.”
The Minnesota State Patrol says it made hundreds of arrests for drunken driving over the St. Patrick's Day weekend.
The patrol says that from Friday evening through early Monday, 370 motorists were arrested for driving under the influence. That's despite options for getting home, including free bus rides, Metro Transit and Uber. Last year, the patrol says there were 175 DWI arrests.
WATERLOO REGION — The wet and cold weather that gripped much of the province this month has forced the Grand River Conservation Authority to delay opening several campsites.
Elora Gorge and Guelph Lake parks will open on May 4, while Laurel Creek and Conestogo Lake parks won't open until May 11. Parks at Byng Island, Brant Park, Pinehurst Lake and Rockwood will open as scheduled on May 1. Rockwood is currently open for daytime use.
Day-use parks at Shade's Mill and Belwood Lake were closed on April 14 due to the ice storm but have since reopened. The Elora Quarry is still on schedule to open in mid-June for swimming.
"The ground is heavily saturated, and in some cases still snow-covered on our camp grounds," said Cam Linwood, GRCA communications co-ordinator, of the delay. Those conditions, along with tree damage from the ice storm and the inability to open temperature-sensitive infrastructure such as water lines, have slowed efforts to open on time.
Linwood said the conservation authority doesn't typically get many reservations for camping until the May long weekend, adding about a dozen reservations have been impacted. Those campers were given one of three options: they could camp at the same park on a later date, stay at another open park on the weekend they had originally requested, or receive a refund.
Linwood noted the dozen or so reservations are likely a little lower than normal due to the colder temperatures.
"I think a lot of visitors were hanging back on making those reservations because of the weather," he said. The GRCA operates 11 parks in the watershed, with about 2,500 campsites available at eight sites.
The delay likely won't have much of an impact on GRCA revenues, however, as more than 62,000 camping nights were booked at GRCA parks in 2017, bringing in more than $3.4 million in revenue.
Some parks also may not offer a full range of services, and access to certain trails may be limited, the conservation authority said.
April has been unusually cold across much of the province, and the Weather Network reported the average high of 7.9 C this month is nearly 5 C colder than the normal high of 12.2 C.
MIAMI — Brian Beard Jr. hit two 3-pointers in the final three seconds to give Florida International a come-from-behind 71-68 win over Louisiana Tech in a wild finish to a Conference USA battle on Saturday night.
Beard tied the game at 68-68 on a 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds left. Jy'lan Washington turned the ball over on ensuing in-bounds play, giving FIU the ball near mid-court. Beard caught the in-bounds mass near the jump circle, dribbled twice and launched a desperation shot that connected at the buzzer for the win.
Beard, who scored 23 points to spur the Panthers 76-70 win over Southern Miss Thursday, finished with 19 points and dished 10 assists. Eric Lockett scored 15 points and Trejon Jacob added another 12 for FIU (11-13, 5-6).
Amorie Archibald got the Bulldogs even with a free throw with 1:04 left and Washington and Oliver Powell each hit two from the line to put LaTech up, 68-65 with :10 left.
New Delhi: A space startup from Germany is aiming to set up a mobile tower on Moon and has already started to work for it.
According to the Quint, scientists are working towards deploying the same cellular technology we use on earth on the lunar surface, and transmit data back to the earth using Audi lunar quattro rovers.
The report further says that while the rovers themselves have the ability to transmit feed, they consume a lot of power and need to remain still while doing so.
But is this practically possible is the question here as missions to the moon are not affordable.
In order to make it practically possible, the German company has secured a spot on a shared launch of a Falcon 9 – the reusable rockets belonging to Elon Musk's SpaceX.
Scientists, just like SpaceX, aim to bring down the cost of future missions and enable greater access to space and lunar exploration.
The spot is expected to open up in 2018, says the CEO of the startup.
While many things have been unfolded as to how this task will take place, however the startup refused to divulge details about the funding and the investors involved.
HOUSTON -- Drew Pomeranz followed Chris Sale's disastrous Game 1 start with a clunker of his own in Game 2.
Drew Pomeranz exited with no outs in the third inning. He gave up four runs, all earned, five hits (two homers) and one walk while striking out two.
The Red Sox lost 8-2 to the Astros here at Minute Maid Park to fall behind 2-0 in their best-of-five ALDS. They fly home this evening facing elimination in Game 3 at Fenway Park on Sunday.
Pomeranz and Sale combined to allow 11 earned runs, 14 hits, five homers and two walks in 7 innings in Games 1 and 2.
Carlos Correa capped an eight-pitch at-bat by crushing a 91.2 mph four-seamer from Pomeranz over the wall in left field.
Carlos Correa and the Astros pick up where they left off yesterday as Correa launches a dinger [?] [?] https://t.co/aGWY0xsVOy -- Baseball King (@BasebaIlKing) October 6, 2017
Correa batted .391 with a .457 on-base percentage, .609 slugging percentage, 1.066 OPS, five homers, five doubles and 19 RBIs in 105 plate appearances vs. lefties during the regular season.
A trend of poor (very poor) starting pitching
Red Sox's past five postseason starts dating back to last year:
Rick Porcello, 2016 ALDS Game 1: 4 1/3 innings, 6 hits, 5 runs, 5 earned runs, 3 homers, 1 hit by pitch, 0 walks, 6 strikeouts.
David Price, 2016 ALDS Game 2: 3 1/3 innings, 6 hits, 5 runs, 5 earned runs, 1 homer, 2 walks, 3 strikeouts.
Clay Buchholz, 2016 ALDS, Game 3: 4 innings, 6 hits, 2 runs, 2 earned runs, 0 homers, 1 walk, 4 strikeouts.
Chris Sale, 2017 ALDS Game 1: 5 innings, 9 hits, 7 earned runs, 7 earned runs, 3 homers, 1 walk, 6 strikeouts.
Drew Pomeranz, 2017 ALDS Game 2: 2 innings, 5 hits, 4 runs, 4 earned runs, 2 homers, one walk, one strikeout.
That's 23 runs, 32 hits and nine homers in 18 2/3 innings.
Huge error by Mookie Betts
Mookie Betts ranked second among all major league players with 31 defensive runs saved, per Fangraphs.com. He ranked behind only Andrelton Simmons (32).
But he made a crucial error with the Red Sox behind 4-1 in the sixth with runners at first and third and one out.
He caught a shallow flyball that would not have scored Marwin Gonzalez from third base.
Betts went to fire the ball back in and slipped out of his hands and went into foul territory in right field. Gonzalez scored from third base.
After an intentional walk to Jose Altuve, Correa stroked a two-run double and Evan Gattis stroked an RBI single.
Suddenly, the deficit went from 4-1 to 8-1.
Betts left with an apparent wrist injury in the eighth.
David Price hurls 2 2/3 scoreless innings
David Price entered in the third inning with the bases loaded, one out and the Red Sox trailing 4-1.
He retired both Yuli Gurriel and Marwin Gonzalez on popups to keep it a three-run deficit.
Price hurled 2 2/3 scoreless innings, allowing one hit and one walk while striking out two.
Keuchel does his job
Astros starter Dallas Keuchel allowed just one run over 5 2/3 innings.
Red Sox hit one ball off Keuchel with a better than 50% chance of being a hit. Average exit velocity a ghastly 76 mph. -- Red Sox Stats (@redsoxstats) October 6, 2017
Jackie Bradley Jr. came through with Boston's only two RBIs.
He singled up the middle on a 90.0 two-seamer from Keuchel to cap an impressive eight-pitch at-bat. It cut the Red Sox's deficit to 2-1 in the second inning.
He also singled home a run in the ninth.
The Big Bang Theory's eleventh season is well underway and is proving to be a huge hit already. It was the most watched entertainment program on American television this past Monday, as millions have been tuning into to see how the season unfolds. However, Season 11 is set to get even more exciting: two fan-favorite characters are expected to return in the same episode. But, who are they?
1. Sheldon's Idol
'The Big Bang Theory' [Credit: CBS]
It has been confirmed that comedy legend Bob Newhart will be making a surprise return in Season 11. Newhart will be returning to reprise his role as the Emmy-winning role, Arthur Jeffries, also known as Professor Proton.
New showrunner for #BigBangTheory dropped the vague hint during an interview by saying "a comedy legend" might be returning to the nerdy sitcom, but, it has now been revealed that Sheldon's Obi-Wan Kenobi will be making another appearance, even though his character was killed off in Season 7.
Since his death in the show, Newhart has returned twice as a ghostly figure dressed as a Jedi during Sheldon's imaginative dreams. Newhart's next appearance as the Jedi ghost will be in the episode, which will air on November 2. News regarding his role is kept under tight lips for now, but we know for sure it'll be another laugh out loud episode like before.
2. Sheldon's Long-Time Nemesis
'The Big Bang Theory' [Credit: CBS]
Yes, that's right, Wil Wheaton will also be making a huge comeback in Season 11, presumably to cause more trouble for Sheldon. Playing himself, Wheaton is now a minor recurring character in the sitcom and does nothing but cause havoc for Sheldon.
Wheaton first appeared in The Big Bang Theory during Season 3 as a dark and sinister version of himself. Since then, Wheaton has been cropping up all over the place to mess with Sheldon, as well as sometimes aiming to make friends with the touchy scientist. Again, Wheaton's return storyline is tightly wrapped for now, but his return certainly intrigues fans on what he has in store this time. It has been revealed his return will also be on November 2.
Final Thoughts
With Newhart and Wheaton both returning in the same episode, fans are guaranteed an action-packed and hilarious episode. Ghostly Jedi scientists and arch enemies — what more could you possibly ask for?
Find out what happens in this exciting episode when it airs on November 2 on CBS.
What is your favorite episode featuring Bob Newhart and/or Wil Wheaton? Sounds off in the comments!
(Source: EW, Entertainment Weekly, Deadline)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders fans have slammed the 'shocking portrayal' of social services as 'child snatchers' in tonight's episode.
Stacey Fowler was in floods of tears as baby Arthur and Lily were taken from her custody and handed over to Carmel Kazemi.
But viewers claimed the 'dreadful' representation of social services was 'completely wrong'.
They were also shocked at the speed by which they arrived, accompanied by police officers, just hours after Carmel rang them.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Carmel was horrified after Lily Fowler dropped the shock bombshell that her mum "hurt" baby Arthur.
The meddling grandmother, who was distraught after discovering Arthur's arms were covered in bruises, decided to take drastic action and got the authorities involved.
However, Lily revealed that Arthur's bruises weren't actually caused by Stacey, but it was too late for her to stop social services from coming.
(Image: BBC)
The officer said: "We've received a call about the welfare of your son Arthur Fowler and we need to ask you a few questions.
"I don't want you to be alarmed Stacey but we just need to follow up on a report we had.
"We just want to make sure Arthur has somewhere calm and safe to stay tonight and Lily would need to be with him too."
(Image: BBC)
Martin told Stacey to calm down as she burst in tears, while Carmel offered to take the kids for the night.
A guilt-ridden Carmel, who didn't reveal she was to blame, said: "Please don't worry Stace, I'll look after him, I'm sorry."
As Stacey broke down in Martin's arms, she said: "They're my babies."
(Image: BBC)
EastEnders viewers took to Twitter to reveal their outrage at the scenes.
One viewer said: "Dreadful portrayal of social services who already have a hard job convincing people they aren't child snatchers!"
Another added: "This storyline is completely wrong this is not the way, social services do it."
A third said: "Shocking protrayal of social services...shame on you @bbceastenders"
* EastEnders airs tonight on BBC One at 8.00pm
Four months ago, fast-food empire Shake Shack opened its first Colorado location in RiNo. Now, the iconic burger joint will open its second location in Highlands Ranch and we're already having cravings.
The second Shake Shack location will open on July 11 at 1509 Park Central Drive. The New York hailing eatery plans to open three locations in Denver before the end of 2018 — the third being at Denver International Airport, a welcome addition for anyone traveling to the Mile High City considering its reputation.
The critically acclaimed chain rose to fame in 2004 with all natural burgers, irresistible frozen custard and hormone-free dogs. Its RiNo location featured some homages to Colorado like a Glazed Dazed Donut frozen custard, local beers on tap and an iconic green chile burger and the Highlands Ranch location plans to do the same. From Colorado inspired desserts and burgers to local beers from Ratio Beerworks, Great Divide Brewery, Denver Beer Co., Funkwerks and Odell Brewing Co., all on tap — Shake Shacks the newest Highlands Ranch location will have everything that we loved about the New York classic, with a local twist.
Shake Shack Highlands Ranch is set to open Wednesday, July 11, at 1509 Park Central Drive, Suite 100 in the new Central Park development of Highlands Ranch. For more information regarding the eateries menu and upcoming location information check them out here.
Getting ready to fight whoever 19-0 #AJBoxing
A post shared by Anthony Joshua (@anthony_joshua) on May 16, 2017 at 4:54am PDT
Donald Trump showed off his IT security credentials at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the best way to keep secrets from hackers is a huge air gap.
"No computer is safe," he told journalists gathered at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, a warning many computer security professionals would probably endorse.
Trump also shared his advice on managing data security risks. Forget switching to TLS or quantum key exchange: "If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier," he said, according to a report from Associated Press.
Trump's suggestion -- echoing his July 29 infosec advice for military commanders -- would put the biggest of airgaps around secret communications, ensuring that they could not be hacked into from afar. If he were to apply it to government communications, though, it would leave officials needing a veritable army of trustworthy little hands to carry messages.
The security -- or otherwise -- of email servers was a hot topic during the presidential election campaign, with Trump making much of opponent Hilary Clinton's use of a private server to host official government emails during her time as Secretary of State, and even encouraging Russian hackers to try to find emails she had deleted.
Despite this encouragement, Trump has been dismissive of allegations that Russia attempted to influence the election through hacking.
When U.S. President announced sanctions against Russia last week over attempts to hack the Democratic National Committee, Trump told reporters: "I think we ought to get on with our lives."
Trump has arranged to meet with U.S. intelligence officials to discuss the allegations next week, and said at the New Year's Eve event, that he wants U.S. them "to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge."
Such allegations can be difficult to substantiate, he warned.
"I know a lot about hacking," he said, "And hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else."
WASHINGTON (AP) — The sun is about to spill some of its secrets, maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos. And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century.
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that's vital to Earth. They'll look from the ground, using telescopes, cameras, binoculars and whatever else works. They'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space. And in between, they'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
“We expect a boatload of science from this one,” said Jay Pasachoff, a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds.
Scientists will focus on the sun, but they will also examine what happens to Earth's weather, to space weather, and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun. The moon's shadow will sweep along a narrow path, from Oregon to South Carolina.
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation, the federal government is spending about $7.7 million on next Monday's eclipse. One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide “live footage from the edge of space” during the eclipse.
But it's not just the professionals or students. NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do.
“Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data,” said Matt Penn, an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson, Arizona.
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE. More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way. The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun's edge.
Mike Conley, a Salem, Oregon, stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes, jumped at the chance to be part of the science team.
“Who knows? Maybe a great secret will come of this, the mysteries of the sun will be revealed, because we're doing something that's never been done before and we're getting data that's never been seen before,” he said. “A big discovery will come and everybody will say, ‘Hey, we were part of that!'”
You don't need to have telescopes to help out. You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you. You can go to a zoo, like the Nashville Zoo, where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing. The University of California, Berkeley, is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017, hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers.
Even with all the high-tech, high-flying instruments now available, when it comes to understanding much of the sun's mysteries, nothing beats an eclipse, said Williams College's Pasachoff. That's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes can't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown, or corona. Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun, but they can't do it as well as the moon, he said.
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse. It's the sun's outer atmosphere where space weather originates, where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations. The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why.
“It's ironic that we've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view,” said Fred “Mr. Eclipse ” Espenak, a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency.
And they learn other things, too. Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — wasn't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868, Espenak said.
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics.
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when he proposed his general theory of relativity, a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time. It explains the motion of planets, black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies.
Einstein couldn't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse. During a 1919 eclipse, Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending, something that couldn't be done without the moon's shadow eclipsing the sun.
“It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe,” said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee, a former planetarium director. “Bang. Right there.”
___
Associated Press writer Gillian Flaccus in Oregon contributed to this report.
___
Follow AP's coverage of the total solar eclipse here
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears and his work can be found here .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BONFIELD, Ont. — Provincial police say two people have died in a collision on Highway 17 about 30 kilometres southeast of North Bay, Ont.
OPP say a pickup truck and a minivan collided Monday morning in Bonfield Township, Ont.
Police say both drivers died at the scene.
The driver of the pickup truck has been identified as 20-year-old Matthew Menard of Bonfield.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Organisers have banned one very unusual item from Leeds and Reading Festivals this year.
The list of things not allowed inside includes fireworks and weapons, for obvious reasons, and one particularly peculiar thing.
People heading to the events will NOT be allowed to take pineapples inside with them.
Carrying the exotic fruit is a nod to Oxford band, Glass Animals, who will be performing this year.
Fans tens to take hundreds of pineapples along to gigs in tribute to the song Pork Soda, which includes the lyrics, "pineapples in my head".
(Image: WireImage)
And now, drummer Joe Seaward has suggested that it'll be a "challenge" for fans to get a pineapple inside.
He said: "Anyone who wasn't bringing a pineapple definitely is now.
"It's fruitist. Watermelons are fine, but not pineapples?"
The stage at Glastonbury was decorated with pineapples when the band played in June, and many fans attended dressed as the fruit.
Drones and glass are also banned from the festival.
A spokesman for Reading and Leeds Festivals told the BBC : "Organisers were a little concerned about hundreds of pineapples turning up on site so decided to ask fans not to bring them along."
(Image: WireImage)
He added: "The tongue may be slightly in cheek on this one."
The list of items banned from the arena include:
gas cannisters
animals - other than registered hearing or guide dogs
items that may be considered as weapons
paper lanterns
fireworks or flares
large bags (bigger than A4 size)
pineapples
The festival runs in Reading and Leeds from August 25 to 27.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
Vijay Mallya considering Force India name change
by Reuters 14 Jun 2017, 22:50 IST
Force India co-owner, Vijay Mallya, talks outside Westminster Magistrates, in central London, Britain June 13, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
By Alan Baldwin
LONDON (Reuters) - Force India co-owner Vijay Mallya is considering changing his Formula One team's name to make the outfit more attractive to potential sponsors.
The Silverstone-based team have gone through various guises already, starting out as Jordan in 1991 and then becoming Midland in 2006 and Spyker in 2007 before Mallya took control in 2008.
Force India have never had an Indian driver, while the team's Indian sponsors were mostly brands linked to aviation and beer tycoon Mallya or co-owner the Sahara Group.
"There is a growing feeling that maybe since we are a much-improved team in terms of performance and attracting more international sponsors, and sadly less Indian sponsors, there is a debate as to why the name should not be changed to give it a more international flavour," Mallya told motorsport.com.
"There are some people who believe the current name Force India is restrictive psychologically.
"I'm considering along with the other shareholders what steps to take but it's a major decision and one that is not going to be taken in a hurry without due consideration."
Mallya said there was a proposal on the table from one sponsor about a name change, and his current legal situation had nothing to do with the idea. Mallya last week rejected speculation about a possible sale.
The flamboyant 61-year-old was arrested by British police in April on behalf of the Indian authorities, who accuse him of fraud.
India is seeking Mallya's extradition over unpaid loans tied to his defunct Kingfisher Airlines after the businessman moved to Britain in March last year. He has repeatedly dismissed the charges against him.
It is not the first time Mallya has mooted a team name change -- he also did so in 2015 when there was talk of a deal with sportscar maker Aston Martin and whisky brand Johnnie Walker.
"I named the team Force India only to give India and all of the motorsport fans in my country pride of place on a Formula One grid," he told Reuters at the time.
"But they've enjoyed that for eight years and now they know this team is synonymous and will still be an entry from India flying the Indian flag. So what name we run under is not as critically important as it was for the first three or four years."
Force India finished fourth overall last season, a position they currently occupy after seven races.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
Nicklaus: Woods can win majors again
Tiger Woods may have been stuck on 14 majors for a decade but Jack Nicklaus has backed him to increase that tally and overtake his record.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 14:23 IST 9 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Tiger Woods in action at The Players Championship
Jack Nicklaus believes Tiger Woods can still overtake his major record despite being beset by injury woes in recent years.
Woods has been four short of Nicklaus' record of 18 titles since winning the 2008 U.S. Open at Torrey Pines – where he beat Rocco Mediate in a play-off.
Eclipsing Nicklaus seemed inevitable at that point but back and knee injuries, plus personal issues, have seen Woods fall from grace.
He has returned to regular action this year and recorded three top-10 finishes, although he was well off the pace at the Masters in April.
Augusta may not have delivered his first major in a decade, but Nicklaus is not dismissing the notion of Woods being a contender again.
"He is a tough competitor, he's a hard worker, and he's still driven,"Nicklaus said ahead of the Memorial Tournament. "So that's why I never counted him out. I still think he's got a shot at breaking my record.
"But whether he does or he doesn't, even with 10 years passing, it doesn't make any difference. I think he's still, he's still a great athlete and a great golfer.
"Tiger's swing right now is probably better than it was. If Tiger can just play reasonably well tee to green, with his short game, he will be in contention.
"I think he'll win [again] and do I think he'll win majors again? Yeah, I think he'll win majors again."
At the @MemorialGolf, golf carts yield for major champions. And for 4-time winners like @McIlroyRory, Barbara & I prefer to stop and chat! Welcome back, Rory, and best of luck this week, my friend! pic.twitter.com/6VIw9UNGup — Jack Nicklaus (@jacknicklaus) May 29, 2018
Nicklaus has not ruled out Woods winning a sixth title at Memorial this week, and says once he gets one victory, more could quickly follow.
"Tiger does need to learn how to win again, absolutely," added Nicklaus.
"I recall in the '86 Masters. I hadn't won for a couple of years and I got to the last round. I got into the back nine after struggling on the front nine but then I made a putt on nine and I finally remembered how to play.
"So, in holing a couple of putts suddenly you remember - particularly if you have been a champion at one time as you will remember and you will have that to draw on.
"That is what I had to draw on. Tiger also has that to draw on but he has got to go through the barrier of not having done it for a while.
"When you haven't won for a while that always happens. That is just human nature but when you have a guy as good as Tiger is and as competitive as he is, he'll break through that barrier. I would not be surprised to see Tiger win this week."
Athletics: Trinidad deny U.S. seventh successive 4x400 world title
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 09:18 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 400 meters relay heats – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Martyn Rooney of Britain, Lalonde Gordon of Trinidad and Tobago, Kevin Borlee of Belgium and Tony McQuay of the U.S. sprint to finish line. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
By Brian Homewood
LONDON (Reuters) - Trinidad and Tobago denied United States a seventh successive world 4x400 metres relay title when Lalonde Gordon overhauled Fred Kerley on the final straight to win a breathtaking final at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday.
The U.S led for most of the race and appeared to be on course for another win after Michael Cherry ran a strong third lap to extend their lead before handing the baton to Kerley.
But Gordon gave chase and ran a superb final lap for the Caribbean islands, catching the American on the home straight to give Trinidad their first world title in this event and add to the list of upsets at the championships.
It was just reward for Lalonde who was part of the Trinidad team which took bronze on the same track at the London Olympics five years ago and won silver at the Beijing World Championships in 2015.
Jereem Richards, bronze medallist in the 200 metres, and Machel Cedenio also kept them in contention in the second and third legs as Trinidad claimed their first and only gold of the championships.
Martyn Rooney put up a brave chase for Britain but was unable to haul in the leading pair and the hosts took bronze.
Trinidad's time of 2:58.12 was the fastest this year.
"We knew the U.S. team are always strong and we were prepared for that," Cedenio said.
"I think it was the best experience of all my career....We came third in 2012 in the national record. Now it is gold and I cannot ask for more."
Jamaica and Bahamas, Olympic silver and bronze medallists respectively in Rio de Janeiro last year, both failed to qualify for the final as did Botswana, another of the favourites, after they dropped the baton in the semi-finals.
The United States, who are also Olympic champions, last failed to win the world title in Paris in 2003.
"I got the lead for the fourth leg," Cherry said. "Silver is a good medal. You never expect to lose coming into a race. We gave all we had.”
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Bill Browder, Kremlin Critic, Briefly Arrested In Spain For Murky Reasons
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robin Van Lonkhuijsen/AFP/Getty Images Robin Van Lonkhuijsen/AFP/Getty Images
For a brief time Wednesday, Bill Browder was in Spanish custody. The London-based businessman and vocal Kremlin critic had been arrested in Madrid on what Browder says was a Russian warrant issued through Interpol.
Formerly a major investor in Russia, Browder has spent the better part of a decade waging an international crusade against corruption in Russian President Vladimir Putin's government. He pushed for the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which punished several prominent Russians with U.S. sanctions, and lately he has spoken frequently of Russian attempts to influence the domestic affairs of other countries.
In fact, Browder said it was this "mission" that brought him to Madrid — until, that is, Spanish police detained him. Authorities released Browder just a few hours later, but not before he fired off several tweets chronicling the arrest as it unfolded.
"Urgent: Just was arrested by Spanish police in Madrid on a Russian Interpol arrest warrant," he announced to his followers Thursday morning. "Going to the police station right now."
He even tweeted a picture of the apparent warrant from the Spanish federal government, seeking his arrest for fraud, which a Russian court has convicted him of in absentia.
He was released just a few hours later, after remaining in custody "for the minimum necessary time," the Spanish National Police Corps said.
It was not long before Browder hopped on a plane out of Spain and put the arrest in his rear view — but questions continue to eddy around why, exactly, the activist and commentator was arrested in the first place.
Browder asserted that his detainment came because Russia had obtained an active Interpol Red Notice, or a formal request that one Interpol member country arrest a suspect based on a valid warrant issued by another member country. He noted that Thursday's dust-up was, in fact, "the result of a SIXTH Russian arrest warrant using Interpol channels."
Russia allegedly tried so many times to arrest him, in fact, that Browder wrote a whole book about those attempts, titled Red Notice.
"It's all very scary," Browder told NPR's Rachel Martin last fall. "It's not just arrest. They could try to assassinate me on the street. They've made these threats, and so I am genuinely Putin's No. 1 foreign enemy, and they'd like to wipe me out one way or another."
Spanish law enforcement said officers let Browder go after it was "verified by INTERPOL Spain that the arrest warrant issued by the Russian authorities for tax evasion was invalid."
"An arrest warrant has a date limit and when that expires, it must be deleted from the computer programme and in this case Interpol hadn't deleted it," a police spokesperson clarified to Agence France-Presse.
Yet Interpol denies that there was even an official Red Notice to begin with.
"There is not, and never has been, a Red Notice for Mr Bill Browder," the international law enforcement agency told NPR in a brief emailed statement, adding that "Mr Browder is not wanted via INTERPOL channels."
The agency, which has 192 member countries, did not clarify further.
While Russia has "repeatedly repeatedly requested Mr. Browder's arrest through Interpol," The New York Times reports, "... its requests have been refused repeatedly. In 2013, in a rare and sharp rebuke, Interpol said Russia's request to arrest Mr. Browder 'was of a predominately political nature.' "
It remains unclear, then, how the warrant surfaced and drew Spanish law enforcement's attention Wednesday.
At any rate, Browder landed in London safely later Wednesday, noting that he was "no worse for the wear."
"Getting ready for more Magnitsky sanctions advocacy next week," he tweeted.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court swallowed the bitter pill today in dismissing BCCI President Anurag Thakur and Secretary Ajay Shirke after the top bosses's continues attempt to stall Lodha reforms despite numerous warnings.
While the next decision on naming the top administrators is scheduled to be taken on January 19, RM Lodha is expected to oversee the transition period.
(READ: Anurag Thakur, Ajay Shirke shown exit door – Top 10 developments from Supreme Court's verdict)
Gopal Subramanium and Fali Nariman are given the responsibilities to suggest names for an interim Committee and till then, the two senior vice-presidents of the BCCI will run the Board affairs. Senior-most Vice President of BCCI will act as President and Joint Secretary will act as Secretary.
As per a report in India Today, former India captain Sourav Ganguly has emerged as the front-runner to replace Thakur as board president since other names including Dr G Gangaraju (vice-president, South Zone), CK Khanna (vice-president, Central Zone) and ML Nehru (vice-president, North Zone) don't qualify because of the new criteria.
Although, it remains to be seen whether TC Matthew (vice-president, West Zone) and Gautam Roy (vice-president, West Zone) qualify for the post.
Also, Amitabh Chaudhary of Jharkhand Cricket Association, currently BCCI Joint Secretary, will be expected to take on Shirke's role.
What comes out as a headache to the present office bearers is the forthcoming ODI series between India and England which is starting on Januray 15. It remains to be seen whether Supreme Court's ruling affects the preparation of the series or not as all administrators are expected to strictly follow the Lodha reforms in order to avoide trouble.
TAMPA, Fla. — Steven Stamkos is back.
Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in his return from a right knee injury and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 5-3 on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. He sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
"I was looking forward to this game for a while," Stamkos said. "Training camp is one thing, preseason's another. Getting into the regular season is different. It was a good step and it felt pretty good. I'm just going to keep improving and getting stronger as the season goes on."
Roberto Luongo turned aside Stamkos' shot from the slot late in the second.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Tampa Bay missed the playoffs last season after reaching the Stanley Cup Finals and the Eastern Conference Finals in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
"These wins mean a lot," Stamkos said. "We took advantage of a big power play in the third and got the lead, and held on to it."
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers coach Bob Boughner took the loss in his NHL coaching debut.
"We did a lot of good things," Florida defenceman Keith Yandle said. "I like the way we played. I like the way that we competed."
WWE News: Kevin Owens shares his thoughts on violence during White Supremacy Rally in Charlottesville, Virginia
Kevin Owens speaks about the White Supremacy Rally incident in Charlottesville.
@doobierain by Nilanjan Das News 14 Aug 2017, 23:45 IST
Kevin Owens spoke out against the extreme right
What's the story?
Kevin Owens recently shared a very heartfelt message after the reports of attacks on the "United The Right" rally in Charlottesville. The former WWE US Champion went on record saying, "What happened is beyond disgusting and sickening. Racism and bigotry are wrong. That's all there is to it."
In case you didn't know...
The rally was in protest of the removal of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville, Virgina and saw a large number of white supremacist groups in attendance; some were even wearing clothes reminiscent of Nazi and KKK outfits.
In the midst of the confusion, a university student drove into the crowd, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring many others. A group of university students were also reportedly attacked for carrying a sign that said: "VA Students Act Against White Supremacy".
The heart of the matter
Kevin Owens among other Superstars spoke out on the issue of white supremacy and racism which fueled the protest. Owens started his statement saying that he reached 1 million followers on the day on Twitter and that he wanted to use the opportunity to say something to his fans and followers. You can read the post in its entirety below:
Reactions
Many other Superstars commented on the incident including NXT announcer Mauro Ranallo, Sami Zayn and ROH Heavyweight Champion Cody Rhodes.
Nazis & white supremacists can keep marching backwards
Rest of us are going forward ???????? pic.twitter.com/tZYrZVFoe5 — Cody Rhodes (@CodyRhodes) August 14, 2017
"Many sides"?!? WHITE NATIONALISTS. KKK. NEO NAZIS. They are the same damn side! RACIST BIGOTS! #Charlottesville #AMERICA — Mauro Ranallo (@mauroranallo) August 12, 2017
Skin color has nothing to do with the quality of any human being. It's what lies inside their heart & soul that matters. #Charlottesville — REBORN by FATE (@MATTHARDYBRAND) August 12, 2017
Author's take
American culture has progressed a lot since the USA gained its independence but its truly sad that a part of the population seems to have rejected the idea of racial equality which results in incidents like these. We should be moving towards a world without boundaries, and there is no room for extremist ideals which are fuelled by ignorance.
The fact that an intellectually backward individual such as Donald Trump is the president of the United States is proof that large a segment of the American population is vulnerable to demagoguery and sensationalism.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
If you're feeling deflated because it's your first day back after a four day weekend then fear not, you won't have to wait very long for another Bank Holiday.
Because we all love a long weekend, you will be pleased to know we have some more coming up.
We have five bank holidays remaining this year and the next one is less than two weeks away.
The next bank holiday is on May 1 - and hopefully it will be slightly warmer than the last one!
Bank holidays are regulated by the Banking and Financial Dealings Act, 1971.
The May Day bank holiday on May 1 is followed by the Spring Bank Holiday on May 29.
And you will want to make the most of them because the next one won't be until the end of August.
This year, it falls on Monday, August 28.
Then the next two are Christmas Bank Holidays on Monday and Tuesday, December 25 and 26.
Bank or public holidays do not have to be given to employees as paid leave, an employer can decide whether to include them as part of a worker's statutory leave.
We'll be bringing you details of what you can do over the May Bank Holidays so keep an eye on our What's On channel.
A former Michigan health official has been sentenced to a year's probation and must apologize to Flint-area residents for failing to tell the public about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease during the city's water crisis.
Corrine Miller struck a deal last summer and pleaded no contest to willful neglect of duty.
Judge Jennifer Manley on Monday also told Miller to write a public letter of apology and perform 300 hours of community service. Miller's attorney says the letter could hurt her in civil lawsuits.
Special prosecutor Todd Flood says Miller's cooperation in the Flint water investigation has been "substantial." She was state director of disease control.
Some experts blame Flint's water for an outbreak of nearly 100 Legionnaires' cases in the Flint area in 2014 and 2015. Twelve people died.
Click here for our stories on the Flint Water Crisis, plus a timeline of events.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — As faux $100 bills adorned with coach Geno Auriemma's face rained down on the sellout crowd at UConn after the team's 100th consecutive win, the Hall of Fame coach waxed poetic about the Huskies' past and present.
It's the future though, that he's most interested in.
With 100 straight victories in the books, Auriemma and his top-ranked Huskies can turn their attention to the more important streak — a fifth consecutive national championship and 12th overall.
“Tonight they carried the torch across the finish line to 100 so to speak, they took the last baton and crossed the finish line,” Auriemma said after the 66-55 win over South Carolina on Monday. “If we win the national championship it is all theirs start to finish. I want to focus on trying to do that instead of worrying about all this other stuff. Don't get me wrong, it is a lot of fun, everybody gets a kick out of it, our players, our former players, the fans so I think that is great.”
UConn's past was out in full force Monday night. Sitting a few rows behind the Huskies bench was UConn women's basketball royalty with former greats Sue Bird, Tina Charles, Morgan Tuck and Breanna Stewart watching the milestone win.
They paved the way for the current success, including Tuck and Stewart being a huge part of the first 75 victories of this current streak.
“We're extremely conscious,” guard Kia Nurse said of the team's history. “We understand that everything that we have here, all the opportunities we have and the benefits that we have about being this program strictly come from what they've done to build it into what it is today. I think even in practices, when you're dead tired, you can see the banners on the wall with their names and understand that they went through it and they pushed through it and they got this to what it is.”
Auriemma's main priority with this team all along is to have them cut down the nets in Dallas in early April. He built this year's schedule — as he does many practices — to test his team, expecting them to fail before solving a challenge. He figured they would take some lumps early before hopefully coming together to make another March run.
The funny thing is, the Huskies haven't failed yet, winning their first 25 games against the nation's best. Look down the Top 25 and UConn's already beaten No. 2 Maryland, No. 4s Baylor and Florida State, No. 6 South Carolina, No. 7 Notre Dame and No. 8 Texas.
“I'm probably the most surprised person in the country,” Auriemma said. “I set the schedule up so that (the streak continuing) wouldn't happen, and it has happened. I'm flabbergasted to a certain extent.”
If that streak continues, they'll enter the NCAAs with 107 consecutive wins. That shouldn't be too hard since the Huskies haven't lost an American Athletic Conference game, going 75-0, since joining a few years back.
Six wins in the NCAAs would get UConn a 12th national championship. Then talk will turn to how long can the Huskies keep the run going?
UConn returns six of its seven rotation players and adds transfers Azura Stevens and Batouly Camara. Throw in the nation's top recruiting class and the Huskies could break Wayland Baptist's record of 131 consecutive wins set from 1953-58. Then what? 150 straight? 200 in a row?
Those numbers may seem crazy, but it's tough to bet against these Huskies right now.
Notes: The Monday night game drew the highest overnight rating on ESPN2 for any college basketball game this season — men's or women's on that network. It was the highest-rated women's college basketball regular season game since 2010. … Of the 100 games, 56 have been decided by more than 40 points. Only two (Florida State and Maryland) were fewer than 10-point wins. … UConn's milestone win drew social media praise from Kobe Bryant and Ellen DeGeneres .
___
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
The Blue Knight lacrosse team needed one win to clinch a playoff berth, but Coach Ron Chase knew going in that it would be an uphill battle. With a 19-2 loss to Glastonbury on Tuesday, May 22, Southington's season came to an end.
But the Knights were in a meaningful game at the end of the season, and that's a good sign to come.
“Glastonbury's one of the best teams in the state,” said Chase. “It's tough to beat a team like that, no matter how good you are. Southington hasn't beaten them in like 20 years. I don't know the exact date, but it's been a long time.”
Chase said that his team could have avoided needing one win to qualify for the Class L Tournament against one of the top teams in the state in their regular season finale. Earlier in the year, the Knights suffered three losses by a goal and one two-goal defeat, including an overtime loss.
“If we win that overtime game, we're in the playoffs,” said Chase. “That was pretty frustrating, but I give our guys a lot of credit. We asked the freshmen to do a lot for us and put a lot on their shoulders this year. We also had kids that changed positions.”
The Tomahawks never really gave the Knights a chance from the get-go and led by nine at the half. The Tomahawks pulled away with eight goals in the third quarter and finished with 13 different scorers.
“They just seem to keep getting better every year,” said Chase. “If you look at their roster, a lot of their kids are younger as juniors and sophomores. They've got a good future ahead of them.”
Angelo Plantamuro and Evan Johanns netted Southington's two goals. Seth Bogoslovski contributed with an assist.
Chase said that starting goalie Garrett Brown did not play, due to illness. Jacob Cardozo filled in for Brown in the cage and finished with 17 saves.
Chase said that every one of those kids on Glastonbury's team play lacrosse year-round. Even those that play other sports still play lacrosse year-round.
“That's something that we started this year,” said Chase. “We hired guys to coach them in the winter time and fall. We're trying to go in that direction. From youth league on up, they're always the best of the best, and it's tough to compete against them no matter how good you are.”
Looking forward to next season, Chase said that the program has a bright future ahead of them.
“We have a good core of guys coming back next year,” said Chase. “It's just about doing what it takes in the offseason to get us where we need to be. There's only so much that us coaches can do in the offseason.”
Southington finished the regular season at 6-10 (2-8 in the CCC).
For more in depth coverage, see our weekly print edition. To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
New Yorker: “Now that Trump is the President-elect, plenty of prominent conservatives are hoping that he will govern as a reliably conservative Republican. Decius, the faceless blogger, is hoping instead that Trump's Presidency will mark the dawn of a new kind of conservative movement. He is one of a handful of pro-Trump intellectuals who have been laboring to establish an ideological foundation for the political tendency sometimes known as Trumpism.”
“Politicians, as a rule, do not trouble themselves overmuch with the opinions of intellectuals, and Trump is unusually untroubled by debates about political philosophy. But these intellectuals—a group that includes anonymous bloggers and prominent academics—maintain that he does have a distinctive world view. In their argument, his unpredictable remarks and seemingly disparate proposals conceal a relatively coherent theory of governance, rooted in conservative political thought, which could provide an antidote to a Republican Party grown rigid and ineffective.”
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
(Yonhap)
South Korea‘s stock market indexes swung back to positive territory Monday, recovering from a bearish trend last week fueled by the United States' verbal sabre-rattling at North Korea on its plans to attack US territory with ballistic missiles.As of 2 p.m. Monday, the top-tier Kospi surged 0.57 percent from Friday closing, while the tech-heavy Kosdaq soared 0.41 percent.Foreign investors maintained the selling trend for four consecutive days on the main bourse Monday, but their net sales of 180.4 billion won ($158.3 million) worth of stocks as of 2 p.m. were overshadowed by net institutional purchases of stocks worth 239.4 billion won.Also at 2 p.m., local currency strengthened by 3.7 won against the dollar from the previous session‘s close. It was being traded at 1,139.8 won against the greenback.US President Donald Trump's phone call Saturday with China‘s President Xi Jinping to confirm a common goal to denuclearize North Korea, sent the markets to the recovery phase, analysts said Monday.“(The phone call) allowed North Korea's missile threat to wane, as it did in April,” Ma Ju-ok, an analyst at Hanwha Investment & Securities, wrote in a Monday report, citing one on April 12 this year that put a brake on 6-day losing streak in the Kospi a week after North Korea‘s missile test.Some other analysts, however, said the North Korea threat would last longer.“The lingering tension on the Korean Peninsula would be inevitable until mid-August, when North Korea said it would fire at the US territory of Guam and Korea-US joint military exercise would take place,” Kim Ji-hyung, a strategist at Hanyang Securities, wrote in a Monday note.Uncertainties from North Korea have for decades rattled the local markets. The Kospi saw a 3.4 percent plunge on the date of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's death in December 2011. It also dropped 2 percent and 2.3 percent from the two Koreas‘ exchange of fire in August 2015 and the fifth nuclear test in September 2016, respectively.But a string of North Korea missile threats posed little hurdle on a monthslong rally and foreign buying spree since President Moon Jae-in's inauguration in May, until the US and North Korea upped the ante against each other with “war of words” last week, causing a 3.3 percent slide in the Kospi for four days until Friday.By Son Ji-hyoung (consnow@heraldcorp.com)
The Burger Bomb, Hofbrau Joe's
"The bomb has all the excitement of weird fried food from The Big E - but with planning," wrote "I Ate It" columnist Nick O'Malley in his review of the huge Hofbrauhaus hamburger, a half-pound burger topped with onions, bacon, cheese and weinkraut, wrapped in dough, deep fried and served with goulash stew, earlier this year.
Lucky for those willing to try the deep-fried dish, the Burger Bomb will be available at Hofbrau Joe's at The Big E this year.
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not His Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP He Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says She Has Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
INGERSOLL, Ont. — The union representing about 2,500 striking workers at GM's CAMI assembly plant in Ingersoll, Ont., says the two sides remain far apart on job security and economic issues.
The members of Unifor Local 88 walked off the job Sept. 17 as negotiators worked to have GM designate the plant as the lead producer of the Equinox SUV, which is also produced at two plants in Mexico.
The union says it has been meeting with the automaker daily since Sept. 27 and have "worked through a lot of the contract language" but is awaiting a response from GM on the outstanding issues.
Unifor says the two sides have agreed to pause the talks over the long holiday weekend and reconvene next Tuesday, but will be ready to resume bargaining "at a moment's notice" should GM respond sooner.
GM Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the ongoing negotiations.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid said Friday that he had spoken with both GM Canada President Stephen Carlisle and Unifor President Jerry Dias in the last 48 hours.
Neither had asked for government support to keep the Equinox lines in Ontario, he said, while urging both parties to reach an agreement.
"I know they're working very hard and I hope they'll be working over the weekend to find a resolution to this collective bargaining dispute," Duguid said. "It is rippling through our supply chain economy in Ontario."
Last Sunday, Dias dismissed GM's latest contract offer as "fluff," saying it still allows the company to shift its resources away from the Ingersoll plant.
He said the union will not back any deals unless they're confident that more jobs won't be shifted to Mexican plants.
"As parents whose children attend and received treatment at the Judge Rotenberg Educational Center (JRC) we welcome the court's ruling and repudiation of Massachusetts government officials at the Department of Developmental Service (DDS), who acted in bad faith and impermissibly made treatment decisions for JRC Clients-our children, just as officials within the agency had done in the 1980s and 1990s."
Family Court Judge Katherine Field denied a motion to stop the use of electric shock on disabled students, a form of punishment that has been controversial for years after news of the practice first reached the public in 2013 when video surfaced of an 18-year-old student receiving dozens of shocks for refusing to take off his jacket."(The state) failed to demonstrate that there is now a professional consensus that the Level III aversive treatment used at JRC does not conform to the accepted standard of care for treating individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities," Judge Field wrote in her decision.The facility in question is the Judge Rotenberg Educational Center (JRC), a special needs day and residential school in Canton, and it is the only school in the country that still uses electric shocks on its students. Records show that at least 58 students at the school have received shocks as of August 2017.A statement from the JRC Parents Group reads:However, the students being subjected to this abuse obviously disagree, and there are several former staff members who are now speaking out against the use of electric shock.Whistleblower Greg Miller, who taught at the facility from 2003-2006, told MassLive.com that he truly believed that this barbaric therapy was saving lives."I believed in that place at first because I was told that it was the only place in the world that could really save these kids lives and most of them would be dead if they weren't hooked up to the electric shock," Miller said."I was seeing more and more ways I could do something other than shock the students," Miller said.Miller ultimately quit, unable to cope with the ethical dilemma that came along with the job.The use of shock therapy has been proven to be ineffective, and it is not used very often because other treatments work much better.Dr. William Pelham, a behavioral specialist, and director of the Center for Children and Families at the State University of New York at Buffalo, told the New York Times.The things that have taken place at JRC have prompted calls for the FDA to ban the use of electric shock as a punishment for students, but the FDA has ignored the issue and even had protesters arrested for attempting to raise awareness about the issue outside of their headquarters.
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers: Infinity War.
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers: Infinity War. Chuck Zlotnick
AVENGERS: Infinity War is a big movie in every way.
From the star-studded cast of superheroes so big they can't even all fit on a movie poster to the budget - Wall Street Journal estimates it ties Justice League and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End as the second-most expensive film ever made - and the scale of the planet-destroying villain Thanos.
And of course the stakes couldn't be any higher. If Thanos gains possession of all six infinity stones then he has the power to control space, time and the very fabric of the universe.
So does Infinity War live up to the hype?
Danai Gurira, Chadwick Boseman, Chris Evans, Scarlet Johansson and Sebastian Stan in a scene from Avengers: Infinity War. Marvel
For the most part, yes it does.
Directors Anthony and Joe Russo had a formidable task of bringing together the plot lines of the past 10 years of Marvel blockbusters.
The size of this film is both its greatest asset and its greatest stumbling block (it runs for a whopping 149 minutes).
It's nice to see so many beloved characters coming together, whether it's reunions such as Black Widow and Bruce Banner or heroes meeting for the first time such as Thor's hilarious introduction to the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Thor, Rocket and a teenage Groot go off on their own mission. Marvel
With so much time and space to cover, though, there isn't much time for all that mushy stuff.
Our heroes are soon split up across the universe in the hopes of defending the infinity stones Thanos is yet to acquire. The story deftly jumps back and forth as the Avengers, Guardians and other heroes are either battling Thanos or his goons.
More of a distant, looming threat in the previous Marvel films, Thanos (played by Josh Brolin) is finally fleshed out in the few moments when he's not wreaking havoc.
A very big and angry Thanos. Marvel
The purple Titan explains his reasons for wanting to wipe out half the population of the universe and he almost makes case for sustainability and population control. Of course, he nominated himself for the job and that doesn't sit well with all us rational folk.
The film goes to some dark places as the good guys face impossible choices. Could you muster the will power to kill the one you love if it saved half the lives in the universe? It's a major gear change from the more light-hearted adventures in Thor: Ragnarok and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2.
The body count in Infinity War is high - on both sides. The Russo brothers understand that without real losses it doesn't really feel like the fate of the entire universe is on the line.
Those casualties, which I would dare not spoil, give Infinity War a wonderful unpredictability you don't often find in action blockbusters.
Spider-Man and Iron Man team up with the Guardians of the Galaxy. Marvel
Sure there's comfort in knowing the good guys are going to win, but haven't we already seen that countless times on the big screen?
What happens if the heroes sacrifice everything and it's still not enough?
When the credits roll on Infinity War, you'll wonder 'where does Marvel go from here?'"
Of course this isn't the end, with another Ant-Man movie, Captain Marvel and an untitled Avengers film, again with the Russo brothers directing, all in the works. There's even a third Guardians film in development for release in 2020.
The possibilities of where Marvel's Cinematic Unvierse will go are more exciting than ever.
Avengers: Infinity War opens in cinemas today.
Avengers: Infinity War
Stars: Robert Downey Jr, Josh Brolin, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Sebastian Stan, Tom Holland, Benedict Cumberbatch.
Directors: Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
Rating: M
Verdict: 4 stars
Pure American muscle took centerstage at the New York International Auto Show 2017. Just to be sure, there is no upstaging Electronic Vehicles, most definitely not in 2017 when they are finally having their time in the sun. But whoever said power was all about petrol clearly hasn't seen the Model S in ‘Ludicrous' mode. So here are our top picks from the horsepower-driven madness at New York International Auto Show 2017 so far:
Dodge Challenger Demon
Half the world's already read about this monster and the rest probably heard it roaring all the way from New York. With 840 horses under its hood, this car has one purpose and one purpose only – to demolish competition. In fact, we suspect the only time you'd probably see it on the road would be in the next Fast and Furious movie with Vin Diesel behind the wheel. As for speed, Dodge claims that this mean machine can do a 0-60 mph in 2.3 seconds (and a quarter mile in 9.65 seconds) bringing it just shy of beating the Tesla Model S (which it beats handily in quarter-mile time). With a new 2.7 litre supercharger and a ‘race-mode' to switch to 100-octane racing fuel for food, Dodge also claims that this is the most-powerful V8 engine ever fitted to a production car and is one of the fastest ever. And after looking at this beast, we are in no mood to dispute that.
Mercedes-AMG GT Concept
The performance division of Mercedes-AMG basically took the already powerful GT Coupe and pumped it full of steroids. The GT Concept, a fastback sedan, is what Mercedes hopes will be its answer to all the monsters we've seen at the New York International Auto Show so far. And though it looks far from docile, the stunning good looks on this machine only serve to hide the demon under the hood. The GT Concept, which was first unveiled last month at Geneva, is a hybrid. It has a powerful petrol V8 engine that puts out 577 horses, combined with an electric motor that brings that number up to an estimated 805 hp. With its 4.0-litre engine and the AMG Electric Drive-inspired motor, this beast boasts of a sub-three second 0-60 mph sprint.
Cadillac Super-Cruise
Unlike the other entries, the Super-Cruise isn't exactly a power-monster. But the reason it is on this list is because it can beat the Tesla in another very important aspect. The Caddy Super-Cruise probably has the most impressive self-driving in the world, including the Tesla. Over the recent years, Cadillac has successfully mapped every single highway in the America's extensive interstate network within five cm accuracy. And the reason it's more failsafe than the Tesla is unlike the latter's ‘fleet-learning' model for mapping roads, Cadillac's used the far more accurate LIDAR mapping for its database. What this means is you can truly let go of the wheel and doze off without any fear even while cruising at 100 mph on a highway.
Lucid Air
There's no questioning the fact that Elon Musk has changed the rules of the game. Just take into account how many times we've used the Model S as a benchmark even within this story. But if there's ever going to be a Tesla-killer, the Lucid Air comes mighty close. As for power, the beefed-up fully-loaded model of the Air boasts of a mind-blowing 1,000 hp AWD motor with a battery meant to last for 400 miles. As for top-speed, Lucid just tested the Air on a special track and hit an impressive 217 mph (with a less-than-three-second 0-60 mph sprint), putting it in the same yard as the Ferraris and Lamborghinis. Heck, even the basic variant boasts of 400 hp with a 240 mile-range on full-power.
Jeep Cherokee Trackhawk
Jeep hasn't ever shied away from showing off. But the fact that they brought in the 2018 Cherokee Trackhawk to the podium on a dynamometer that checks engine power in real-time only betrays the confidence they have in the newest beast from their stable. According to Jeep, the Trackhawk is one of the most powerful and fastest SUV ever. And considering the fact that they've used the same 707 horsepower engine from the Dodge Challenger and Hellcat, we don't feel the need for disbelief. Jeep claims that the Trackhawk has a top speed of 180 mph and a 0-60 mph sprint time of 3.5 seconds – putting the SUV squarely in supercar territory.
Up Next: The Designers' take on Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Iowa State quarterback Jacob Park will not play against No. 3 Oklahoma on Saturday for undisclosed medical reasons.
The school announced Friday that Park is taking a leave from the team to work through personal health issues. He remains a member of the squad.
Iowa State coach Matt Campbell is not certain of a timeline for Park's return, and said he cannot discuss issue. Campbell said Iowa State is focused on "supporting one another in difficult times."
Park has completed 62 per cent of his passes and has nine touchdown passes and five interceptions this season.
MONTANA VISTA FIREWORK SAFETY
El Paso, TX - El paso County officials are preparing for the Fourth of July in the Montana Vista Area.
The fourth of July party strip - which starts just outside El Paso city limits and stretches east down to the Red Sands area- is causing headaches with residents who live in the area - over traffic, fire danger and the mess that is left behind during the celebrations
The residents petitioned the county for approval to block off local streets, to keep party goers from entering their neighborhoods.
The county is blocking off six entrances to neighborhoods -- four in Montana Vista, and two off loop 375.
County Commissioner Vince Perez tells ABC 7 that the closures are not to encourage any type of festivities in these areas, but are being put in place to help protect residents and keep their neighborhoods safe:
" Its unfortunate because this is the area that is most adversely affected because fireworks are banned everywhere else. Since we are not able to prohibit the use of fireworks we have to do the best to protect the neighborhoods. Because with as dry as its been lately there is a danger for damage from fires to personal property​"
Regulating the party-goers who flock to Montana Vista to celebrate the holiday takes work, and coordination.
The El Paso County Sheriff's Office says they will have 20 deputies patrolling the area to make sure the holiday is a safe one .
Commissioner Perez tells abc-7 this area witnessed upwards of 10,000 people last year, and they are expecting even more this time around - which means the county's responsibility to protect its residents remains a high priority.
Perez's office estimates $50,000 was spent in 2016 to pay for the sheriffs deputies, county public works, the horizon fire department and on the clean up after the festivities.
This year, the sheriffs office tells ABC 7 that it will not need to incur any overtime and plans on exhausting other resources to help with the clean up .
The Montana Vista fire department is a volunteer department that expects to be able to handle this years holiday, saying last year they received about 36 calls, and feel the work load should be the same this Fourth of July
The Sheriffs Office wants to remind everyone that public intoxication laws are still in effect, so if you plan on drinking, don't drive, they suggest taking a taxi or an uber.
An Open Letter To AB de Villiers
As the pioneer of modern day batting, AB de Villiers retires, here is a heart-to-heart letter to him from his fan.
Manya Pilani CONTRIBUTOR Feature 31 May 2018, 01:57 IST 212 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
New Zealand v South Africa - 5th ODI
Dear Abraham Benjamin De Villiers,
I wouldn't have imagined I'll be writing this so soon, especially when I'd seen you deliver an absolute inhuman effort right at the cricket boundary just days before.
Virat Kohli rightly said he had just seen Spider-Man. Yes, you are that non-fictional superhero for me, for the teams you played in.
You took that catch when RCB were involved in a must-win encounter against the table toppers, Sunrisers Hyderabad. I can't fathom that we'd be left wanting more of those but never getting them for the rest of our lives.
They say "Variety is the spice of life". Well, it couldn't have been truer than when I watched you bat. You sent that leather ball flying all across the ground.
It was almost like Harry Potter shooting spells with his magic wand to send objects flying. Like I said, you are that superhero that really exists, that left my mouth gaping for words every time he came in to bat.
You have an average of 50+ and a strike rate of 100+ in 228 ODIs. And even that doesn't do justice to your legacy. The 31-ball 100 against the hapless West Indies will serve as an immortal testimony of your batting prowess.
The 44-ball 149 is proof of your maverick. And speaking of maverick, the cheeky paddles, the audacious big hits over the mid-wicket fence, the reverse sweeps, the unnatural, innumerable stunts you've performed in between the 22 yards have left a strong imprint on every cricket fan's mind, just like mine.
AB de Villiers, for you are a superhero and you'll always be.
ICC World Twenty20 India 2016: South Africa v England
Who would have thought I'd take a liking to a "pink"-colored jersey just because it upgraded your powers to level maximum. You've butchered every bowling attack that you've come to face.
But that's not everything there is to AB de Villiers. You've milked the bowlers around when need be. You've been a force to be reckoned with even in Test cricket. You've put your head down and dug in for the Proteas. (Remember that 43 in 297 balls against India in an attempt to draw the game?) And hence, I dare say red ball cricket will equally miss its prodigal batting son just like white ball cricket will.
CRICKET-RSA-ENG-ODI
And I haven't even begun to write about your fielding masterclass. But when I do start, this letter will write itself.
You start where even the word 'athleticism' fails. Are you not the superhero? For I've seen you run faster than The Flash. I've seen you patrol the boundary like a hawk on watch.
Stop defying gravity with those mid-air grabs, AB. Spare the Physics Gods. Nobody would've imagined somebody to emulate Jonty's methods.
But you matched your countryman catch for catch, stop for stop. If Jonty pulled off breathtaking stops at point and in the cover region, I've seen you take stunners in slips and gullies.
You pluck balls out of thin air like a magician pulls out rabbits from hats. Not to forget when you donned the wicketkeeper's gloves, you graced that space behind the stumps with the most energy I've ever seen.
You've zoomed to take the stumps down. A special mention to those run-outs are in order as you bid goodbye to international cricket.
You're worth your weight in gold in the field, AB. If Mr. 360 is used to define your batting, it doesn't even begin to cover what you did in the third dimension of cricket - fielding.
South Africa v West Indies - 2015 ICC Cricket World Cup
I'll miss everything I've just penned down. But more importantly, I'll miss that charming smile you donned. Who'd say that that cheek in the field belonged to an all-time great?
Your humility will be my inspiration and your spirit will be my incentive to give sweat, blood, and tears into everything I do from now on. People may crib over you not having won a World Cup, but your legacy will remain untainted by that fact.
For AB de Villiers, you've made a special place in my heart, beyond all those number-loaded-scorecards and insane records.
I have to end this by thanking you for choosing cricket over rugby, swimming and tons of other fields you were good in. Thank you for making my favorite sport better. Keep flying, like you always have.
"Some heroes don't wear capes, they wear Green and Gold."
CHICO, Calif. (AP) — At churches, fairgrounds and other makeshift shelters, thousands of Californians packed what belongings they had into garbage bags and suitcases to return home Tuesday, two days after they were told to flee the threat of massive flooding from a dam's damaged spillway.
They expressed relief as authorities lifted an evacuation order for nearly 200,000 residents who live below the nation's tallest dam. Some voiced frustration at how authorities handled the disaster that never happened. Most were just happy to be heading home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, 69, one of hundreds who had sought shelter at the Neighborhood Church of Chico, northwest of her town.
Johnston and others huddled around televisions to watch a live broadcast where Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said the risk of the spillway collapsing was significantly reduced. But he said the region would remain under an evacuation warning, meaning residents needed to be ready to flee again if conditions worsen.
Advertisement
“It was just frustrating. Very frustrating,” Johnston said about the back-and-forth from officials and the mad rush to get out of Oroville after the evacuation order Sunday.
She fled with her two sons, packing a few blankets, pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag.
“It feels great to be going home,” Johnston said.
State water officials said they had drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam so that its earthen emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm.
“It's great, all of us can finally go home,” said Pedro Mota of Gridley, who has been staying at a Red Cross shelter at a fairground in Chico with his wife and four young children. He wasn't concerned by the on-again, off-again evacuation.
“They're doing their job. They're going to know more than me,” he said by telephone. “I'm just going to listen to them and follow their advice on it.”
Mota said he would be prepared if the sirens sound again.
“I'm still going to play it by ear, head back home but still have things packed and ready to go just in case they make it mandatory,” he said.
Rod Remocal and his wife, Kelly, were taking the same cautious approach.
“This time we're going to be on call like they said,” said Remocal, who lives in Biggs, west of Oroville.
When the couple left in a rush Sunday night, they grabbed their four dogs, blankets and a few important papers as sirens sounded and a fire truck's loud speaker told them to flee immediately.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” he said by telephone after leaving the Red Cross shelter earlier in the day.
On his drive back, Remocal noticed law enforcement stationed at every major intersection as officers prepared to guide the expected parade of vehicles back home. He said traffic was flowing smoothly, in sharp contrast with the chaotic mass flight of thousands of vehicles two days earlier.
He praised the Red Cross and other emergency workers and said he was happy when the evacuation order ended.
“It just took a big load off me, man, just the thrill of relief,” he said.
___
Thompson reported from Sacramento. Associated Press writer Jocelyn Gecker contributed from San Francisco.
ISLAMABAD: Minister for Privatisation Daniyal Aziz Monday alleged that the leadership of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) and Pakistan People's Party (PPP) were trying to create conflict among institutions.
Talking in a Channel 92 programme ‘Ho Kia Raha Hai', hosted by senior journalist and analyst Arif Nizami, he said the PTI leaders were using derogatory language and defying the orders of national institutions.
The minister also said it was a wrong perception against the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) that it was disrespecting the institutions as Nawaz Sharif had accepted the court's orders and stepped down from premiership for the rule of law.
Replying to a question regarding Punjab chief minister and PML-N President Shehbaz Sharif's statement that ‘everyone including the armed forces, judiciary and the parliament needed to work together for the country', Daniyal said the opposition parties including the PTI started harping rigging allegations, which were aimed at creating chaos in the country and to force the PML-N out of power, which had come into government by winning the general election 2013 with a thumping majority.
“Shehbaz clearly meant that the outlook of the people should be given due respect and everyone needs to work in line with the constitution,” he added.
To another question about contempt of court case against him and his political future in its light, Daniyal said that he was served the show cause notices after the duration of the Panama case's review petition had ended and so, his statements “did not fall in any of the contempt of court categories”.
“However, I have received medals for my efforts for judicial independence and the court's decision would be accepted in reverence of law,” said the minister.
Trump Continues To Attack Special Counsel Mueller, Despite Republicans Advising Otherwise President Trump lashed out on Twitter against Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. Some Republicans reacted by defending Mueller's probe, and the White House put out a statement saying firing Mueller is not under consideration.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Premier John Horgan gave the green light on completing the Site C Hydroelectric Dam.
He says British Columbians would have gained nothing if they didn't complete the project, because if they had decided to cancel Site C, it would have taken on the project's $3.9 billion in debt, made up of $2.1 billion already spent and another $1.8 billion in remediation costs.
Horgan says this wasn't an easy decision.
“I can't think in the 30 years I've been involved with public policy of a choice that was more difficult then this one, but it is absolutely in the interest of British Columbians to take advantage of an opportunity to go forward and make better a bad situation.”
.@jjhorgan says this project was not in his favour but they are already this far | #northernBC #bcpoli — My Prince George Now (@mypgnow) December 11, 2017
Horgan added the NDP government had no choice because the BC liberal's recklessly pushed Site C to the point of no return, committing billions to the project without proper planning.
This is a massive capital project, the biggest BC hydro has ever done, and a new project team will be put in place to provide enhanced oversight to make sure Site C is is built on time and on budget.
The project is estimated to cost $10.7 billion when all is said and done.
.@jjhorgan says if they didn't go ahead with the project British Columbians would take on $4 billion debt with nothing to gain | #northernBC #bcpoli #SiteC — My Prince George Now (@mypgnow) December 11, 2017
When asked if this will hurt his relationship with First Nations Horgan says he's fairly confident they can work through this.
“There has been over 150 years of disappointment in British Columbia and I'm not the first person to stand before you and disappoint Indigenous people. But I am, I think, the first to stand before you and say I'm going to do my level best to make amens for a whole host of issues.”
In response to the provincial governments decision to push ahead with dam, the West Moberly First Nations and Prophet River First Nations have announced their intention to obtain a court injunction to stop the project from being constructed and to start a civil action for Treaty infringement.
The Anne Arundel County Police have arrested three juveniles that sent an adult teen to shock-trauma in serious condition on Wednesday night.
The three, all minors, have been charged as adults. Arrested were Sean Riley Adams, Cora Haily Perez, and Omar Adam Zaharna all of Edgewater. All three are being held without bond and do not have an attorney listed for them at this time. The charges are robbery, first degree assault, second degree assault, reckless endangerment, and theft.
Related
Category: Crime News, NEWS, Post To FB
No one said #Droughtlander would be easy. Season 4 of Outlander is still several months away, and we're craving every little bit of information we can get about the new season. Thankfully, we're not totally ignorant to details of the Frasers' future (and if you read Drums of Autumn, you already know what happens), so to pass the time until the show returns, we're breaking down all the hints shared by its producers and cast below.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
WARNING: Spoilers for Season 4 of Outlander below. Proceed with caution! 🚨
1) The 13-episode season will air in the fall of 2018.
"We were actually working on Season 4 while we were still shooting Season 3 this year," showrunner Ronald D. Moore told EW back in August. "The goal is to try to be on the air again next fall.”
2) Season 4 is based on Diana Gabaldon's book Drums of Autumn.
It's the fourth book in the Outlander series and was published December 30, 1996. You can read a spoiler-y preview of the story over at dianagabaldon.com.
3) Jamie and Claire are headed for America.
The Frasers will build a homestead called "Fraser's Ridge" in North Carolina, at that point a colony. Moore explained to Deadline that the Season 3 finale "shifts the whole foundation of the show to the American colonies." He continued, "That will be sort of the primary story going forward for the rest of the show because that's where the rest of the books took place."
A still from Season 4 of Outlander Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Moore also promised the series will call back to Scotland: "It's not going to completely abandon like Lallybroch and Inverness and some of the stories back there, but you know the balance of the story and the weight of the story is definitely going to be in America from now on." Caitriona Balfe told ELLE.com she's interested in exploring Jamie and Claire through a new lens: “I think what Scotland meant to Jamie and Claire was such an integral part of the storyline, and so it's really interesting to see these people as immigrants, and how they meet their native American neighbors and the relationships they forge with them."
The show will not shoot in the U.S., though—Moore told EW Eastern Europe will stand in for the North Carolina landscape.
4) SPOILER ALERT: Jamie will meet his daughter, Brianna.
Yep, Bree's a time-traveler like her mom. At that Television Academy FYC panel, Heughan revealed that he's about to shoot his big meeting with Brianna in the 18th century. "This season, it's a huge moment and will be the catalyst to a lot of the drama that unfolds,” Heughan said, according to Variety.
“The path that [Brianna] takes to make that journey is very different than the path that Claire took,” Moore told ELLE.com. “They're on very different tracks. She goes for a different purpose, and in a different way than Claire did, and once she arrives there, she has a different set of problems than what Claire dealt with.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
5) But don't worry—Roger's not going anywhere.
Davis confirmed on Twitter that we'll see Roger and Bree together in Season 4, and EW reports that part of the new season will be set in 20th-century Boston and Scotland (Inverness, to be exact).
Sorry everyone! Misread the question. I was talking about S4! #askmaril https://t.co/lpdtnpakOZ — Maril Davis (@TallShipProds) October 20, 2017
6) Jamie and Claire become grandparents.
Yes, you heard that right.“Season 4 is about settling down: finding a home, building a home, new families, grandchildren, larger settlements... it's sort of a progression in the life of these people," Moore revealed on the official Outlander Twitter account. It's unclear whethe he's referring to Marsali and Fergus (which seems more likely) or Brianna and Roger. Perhaps Bree pregnant when she travels to the 18th century?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
.@RonDMoore speaks to the major themes of Season 4 and how they compare to those of Season 3 at the #Outlander @TelevisionAcad event. pic.twitter.com/iFVKnAEQTJ — Outlander (@Outlander_STARZ) March 18, 2018
Heughan also let slip that Jamie will become a grandfather this season: “He's grown up more and he's now trying to provide for his family, to understand that more, what it's like to be a father or grandfather," he told ELLE.com.
7) Jamie's Aunt Jocasta has a huge role this season.
Season 4 is "all about Jocasta," co-executive producer Maril Davis told EW. Described as "strong-willed," she's the younger sister of Jamie's late mother and uncles Colum and Dougal Mackenzie and will be played by Maria Doyle Kennedy, of Orphan Black, Downton Abbey and The Tudors.
Production designer Jon Gary Steele revealed that Jocasta's plantation is his favorite setting for Season 4: "It's heavily detailed—even more than the Parisian sets, believe it or not. I think it's more beautiful, even, than some of the Parisian sets."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
We're always blown away by @jongarysteele's incredible #Outlander sets. Which is he most excited for you to see in Season 4? pic.twitter.com/ve9YjrI1IP — Outlander (@Outlander_STARZ) March 18, 2018
8) And we'll meet a new villain.
Ed Speleers is set to play Stephen Bonnet, a pirate, smuggler and all-around antagonist to Jamie and Claire.
Ed Speelers (left) and Maria Doyle Kennedy Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
9) Rollo is the cutest new addition to the show's cast.
Young Ian adopts a canine companion in the coming season named Rollo. He'll be played by two Northern Inuit dogs. “Rollo and Young Ian met on the docks in North Carolina, when Young Ian won the dog in a card game, and a life-long bond was formed between them, meaning that Rollo became a member of the ever-growing Fraser family," Diana Gabaldon told EW.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
10) You haven't seen the last of Tobias Menzies.
Both of Menzies' characters, Black Jack Randall and Frank Randall, died in Season 3, but Menzies would gladly reprise the roles at some point in the future. "Who knows, they may have me back," he told BAZAAR.com in September. "I have no news of that, but I suppose with a show that can travel anywhere in time, you never know."
Moore told ELLE.com, "You won't really be seeing Black Jack again [in Season 4], but there's a chance you might see Frank again. It'll be interesting to see your reaction to how we play him, if we get to do it, how we play him this season, because it's a slightly different flavor.” Executive producer Maril Davis said if Frank appears, it will likely be through flashbacks.
11) Laoghaire might be back, too.
We probably haven't seen the last of Jamie's ex-wife, Moore revealed at the FYC event, according to Variety: “The fans love to hate her. That just means you want to see her more."
Buy Drums of Autumn by Diana Gabaldon, $15, amazon.com. Shop
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
McDonald's menu is pretty diverse, whether you prefer chicken, beef, fish or you're vegetarian, there is something to satisfy most people's needs.
But there is one thing about McDonald's menu that has been puzzling diners for years, and the chain has finally addressed the issue.
The chain will give you ketchup, sweet chili sauce, BBQ sauce and a whole host of other sauces - but one condiment is conspicuous by its absence.
For years, Maccy's fans have complained over the lack of mayonnaise, reports the Birmingham Mail.
(Image: Steve Parsons/PA Wire)
"Why no mayo?" they rage on social media, furiously venting their condiment-related woes.
Well, Cosmopolitan have asked the fast-food giant the reason behind its alleged hatred of the white stuff.
McDonald's, remarkably, claims there is not enough "demand" for the delicious dressing.
A spokesperson said: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
So sorry mayo fans, but you'll just have to continue to make do with ketchup.
Paddy Cheshire, who died recently, was a noted Gaelic footballer during a golden era for the game in Louth.
He played his part in the ‘Wee County's' last All-Ireland-winning campaign of 1957. However, above all else Paddy was a great family man, proud of Louth, Dundalk and his roots in the Quay area, having been born in Quay Street and reared on the Point Road. He passed away in Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital on May 28, 2018, his loving family at his side.
Paddy was born on March 11, 1937, a son of Paddy and Rose Cheshire. They also had two other sons, John (RIP) and John Junior (RIP), and two daughters, Marie (RIP) and Rosemary.
He grew up running, swimming, fishing and playing football along the Navvy Bank.
When Paddy left school at 14 he went to work in Halliday's shoe factory in Quay Street, which was later to become Clark's Shoes, and a place where many of his family worked. He was actively involved in the trade union movement.
Paddy was married to Monica (née Brennan) for 54 years. They had two daughters, Mary and Carol and three sons, Pat, Brian and Paul.
The lived first in Culhane Street and returned to Paddy's roots to raise their family on the Point Road. Paddy enjoyed the company of and was a proud grandfather of his 14 grandchildren.
He always put family first in everything he did. Nothing was too much trouble and he was always on hand to give advice and assistance. Paddy had a passionate interest in sport throughout his life. There was no sport he did not follow and he was known to tune into BBC Radio 4 to listen live to cricket, even if it was a five day test match coming from Australia in the middle of the night!
A formidable Gaelic football player, he first lined out with the Con Colberts with whom he reached the county minor final, only to miss the big game as a result of a ban received for playing soccer in a local factory league. He then joined the Gaels, operating alongside his life-long friend Bertie Dullaghan. He represented Louth and won a Leinster Senior Championship medal in 1957, playing in the first match of that campaign against Carlow.
As his son Pat recounted during the eulogy he gave at the funeral Mass in Saint Joseph's Redemptorist Church, ‘he would not have been described as a gentle player, I think robust is a more appropriate term that could be used. The ball was there to be won and won it was.' He was a valued member of the Sean O'Mahony's club and was an integral member of the committee as they developed a pitch and clubrooms on the Navvy Bank.
Paddy took charge of various teams and was a key part of the management when the O'Mahony's won their first intermediate football championship in 1992.
Later, he was so proud when in 2016 the Sean's took home the Joe Ward Cup for the first time as winners of the Senior Championship.
Paddy was also a proud recipient of an outstanding service award from the club, presented to him by the President of the GAA.
In earlier years he was involved in athletics, becoming chairman of Dundealgan AC where he was well respected and made many friends.
He enjoyed too ballroom dancing with Monica and was a regular at local venues. A pioneer all his life, he loved socialising, while gardening and growing vegetables were other big interests.
Paddy is survived by his wife, Monica, children, Pat (Monasterboice), Brian (Tara), Paul (Dundalk), Mary McArdle (Faughart) and Carol Adams (Monasterboice), sister, Rosemary Conroy, sons-in-law, Brendan and Joe, daughters-in-law, Helen, Julianne and Rosalynn, 14 grandchildren, brothers and sisters-in-law, nephews, nieces, extended family, relatives, wonderful neighbours and friends.
After reposing at his residence, Point Road, Paddy's remains were taken to Saint Joseph's Redemptorist Church for funeral Mass celebrated by Father Eamon Hoey CSSR.
Burial took place afterwards in Saint Patrick's cemetery, Dundalk.
Predicting India's middle order for 2019 World Cup
Rohit Sharma in the middle order?
nitichauhan28 CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 18:18 IST 36.50K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
With the Indian Premier League done and dusted now, fans' focus shifts towards the Indian national team. With a one-off Test match against Afghanistan and a tour to England coming up next, the Indian players don't have much time to rest and shed off their T20 skin.
Every international match played between now until the commencement of the World Cup in 2019 will be very important for the players, especially for those who have not cemented their place in the team yet.
Similarly, for the Indian team, there are a couple of places up for grabs and thus we try and predict India's middle order, which can accommodate upto two batsmen, for the 2019 World Cup here.
Number Three - Virat Kohli
Kohli's next ODI assignment would be in England
The Indian skipper has to be the first name on the team sheet and would definitely be walking in at number three for the Men in Blue if fit. Kohli has been in the form of his life recently for India and though this IPL wasn't the best for him, the right-hander still managed to amass 530 runs at an average of nearly 50.
In his last ODI series, which was against South Africa, Kohli broke several records and went on to slam as many as three centuries in the six-match series. The Indian captain eventually finished with 558 runs in the series at a staggering average of 186. In the process, he smashed Rohit Sharma's record of most runs in a bilateral series as well.
Kohli's next ODI assignment would be in England against whom Team India play in a three-match 50-over series. The Delhi-born cricketer is unfit as of now and will undergo a fitness test on 15th June. As a result of the injury, he had to give up on his County stint with Surrey as well.
If things go as planned, however, Kohli would be the first of five Indias middle order batsmen.
1:34
ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does his impression of Gary Patterson
Holding signs that read "Halt cultural vandalism," "Don't give up" and "Let's try harder," more than a dozen members of the public came before Worcester's City Council Tuesday evening to ask for support to save the historic Notre Dame des Canadien Church in the heart of downtown.
Many of the residents were part of Save Notre Dame Alliance, a group that formed with the purpose of halting demolition of the 1929 church.
During Tuesday night's council meeting, the group asked for the council's support to save and repurpose the building with the goal of integrating it into the revitalization of downtown. The effort has also received support from Rep. Jim McGovern.
The council ultimately voted to refer the matter to City Manager Edward Augustus, who said he will discuss it with the property owner - Hanover Insurance Group Inc.
"We will be happy to come back to the table and see if we can find any last-minute opportunities here," Augustus said, adding that the downtown's renaissance would not be taking place without the work of Hanover Insurance.
The alliance is hoping to receive enough donation pledges to make an initial offer to the owner of the church, and has set a goal of raising $100,000. It has also called on elected officials to create a task force consisting of key stakeholders, city officials and members the alliance to explore the possibility of a creating a public-private partnership to save the structure.
"It's a beautiful, unique, historic, one-of-a-kind building in downtown Worcester - nothing like that will ever be built again," Save Notre Dame Alliance member Toni Ostrow said. "It has a great significance to a huge part of our community here in Worcester. The buildings that are going up around it right now are sadly very generic, rectangular box-type buildings. The building itself is just inherently beautiful, it's important culturally and historically."
Demolition of the church is scheduled to begin this week with an environmental abatement of the interior. Pamela Jonah, spokeswoman for CitySquare II Development Co. LLC - the developer behind the 22-acre CitySquare project in the heart of downtown - said Cutler Associates of Worcester has been hired to carry out the demolition process.
A subcontractor is set to mobilize on site this week, fencing off the area and beginning the interior abatement, though no visible work had been done by Tuesday.
That work is expected to take six to eight weeks. Then, the structure will be dismantled piece by piece. The entire process is expected to take about four months.
In a letter to the Save Notre Dame Alliance, Rep. McGovern expressed his support for the group's effort to find a developer who could provide a fair an alternative to demolition of the building.
"Should the Alliance prevail upon the owners of Notre Dame to delay irreversible demolition actions on the Notre Dame site, I would be pleased to provide whatever assistance possible to facilitate discussions with appropriate developers identified by the Alliance, and to provide support in Alliance efforts to access federal, state and local grants, tax credits etc. for the benefit of the project," McGovern wrote.
The church at 5 Salem Square was closed by the Diocese of Worcester in 2007. While developers have said the church is too far gone to repair, preservationists have advocated for redevelopment of the church into a mixed-use property with potential for a brewery or other uses.
Salem-based engineering consulting firm Structures North assessed the structural integrity of the building and in September conducted a visual inspection of the property and found deteriorated interior masonry, rusted structural elements, cracked concrete, a collapsing chimney and a leaking roof, but also came to an optimistic conclusion about the building's prospects, finding that it could be saved.
"There do not appear to be any global 'dealbreakers' that would render the building un-restorable," Professional Engineer John M. Wathne wrote.
At Tuesday's meeting, preservation supporters laid out a repeated vision for what the structure could become.
"The ideal use would be a public venue of mixed use that could include a brewery, food vendors, farmers market, entrainment, an outdoor area with tables under umbrellas, fountains and then the square footage in the basement could be used either for a large anchor store such as a Trader Joe or it could be used as function rooms to generate some income," Save Notre Dame Alliance member Elaine Gardella said.
Other members of the public urged the city to take the church by eminent domain.
Worcester resident Brian Leonard asked city officials to imagine Worcester without Union Station, Mechanics Hall and other historic buildings.
"When no private interest will step up, we need our city government to step up and be on the right side of history," he said, adding, "There is an opportunity to create a new Worcester for the common good, Worcester needs a public civic space. Notre Dame can become a community center, a play center, a library for children, refuge for the homeless or a community theater."
Jonah previously told MassLive that cost estimates for repairing the facade, roof, windows, doors and more have been between $8 and $10 million.
She said that CitySquare II will continue to consider "fair and reasonable" offers from serious investors who have demonstrated the ability to reclaim the structure, including the financial wherewithal, expertise, marketing plan and commitment to make any proposal viable within a reasonable timeframe.
"Such proposals must include a detailed investment and development plan, with the sale and purchase price viewed as only one element of a comprehensive development proposal that carries a high likelihood of long-term success. Unfortunately, although we have received proposals and inquiries in the past, each withdrew after further consideration of the project," Jonah said.
Ted Conna of Save Notre Dame Alliance said CitySquare II's argument boils down to, "We tried and we gave up."
"Our answer is this is too important - don't give up, try harder," he said. "Great cities save their great buildings."
City Square II bought the church in October 2010 for $875,000. Once demolition is complete, the company plans to sell the property.
"Let us as a community be proud to work together - citizens, elected officials, and business leaders to bring this vibrant and stunning piece of architecture to serve as the anchor for downtown Worcester's renaissance," Gardella said. "This is too important. Let us try harder, Worcester."
Mayor Joseph Petty reiterated that nobody wants to see the church come down, but the question is how to get there.
"We'll see what we can do ... I think it is an uphill battle but hey, we've had worse uphill battles," he said.
Prince William and Kate Middleton will go on a royal tour of Sweden and Norway from January 30 to February 2, Kensington Palace announced this morning.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will visit Sweden and Norway from Tuesday 30th January to Friday 2nd February #RoyalVisitSweden #RoyalVisitNorway pic.twitter.com/q3dOyeiwZc — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) December 11, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The couple will spend time in Stockholm from January 30-31 and Oslo from February 1-2, according to Town & Country. The tour is likely part of their duties as "unofficial Brexit ambassadors," strengthening Britain's relations with fellow European countries as it prepares to leave the EU. Their first visit under this new role was to Paris in March this year.
The trip will supposedly take place during third trimester of Middleton's pregnancy, Entertainment Tonight points out, as the Duchess' third child is expected to arrive in April 2018.
This will also mark the couple's first joint trip abroad since Middleton's third pregnancy was announced in September. Prince William, however, recently flew out solo for a royal tour of Finland at the end of November. Though he was away from his family, the Duke of Cambridge openly spoke about his family, congratulating his brother, Prince Harry, on his engagement and sharing adorable stories about his son, Prince George.
The Duke and Duchess's last joint tour was in Germany and Poland this July. They were accompanied by their children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, who became the center of attention with their irresistibly cute public appearances. (Remember Charlotte smelling her little bouquet, and George's reaction to the helicopters?)
So far, it is unknown whether the royal kids will join their parents on tour, but we sure hope they tag along.
Henry County Supervisors Meet 12-12-17
AGENDA
December 12, 2017
Approve Minutes
9:00 Jake Hotchkiss, Engineer Weekly Update
Hearing for Class C road classification
295th Street – Jackson 7
320th Street – Baltimore 20
Resolution based on their actions for the Class C Hearing
Motion to approve plans for 140th St & Dakota Ave grading project
9:30 John Pullis, Conservation Monthly Update
10:00 Approve Family Farm Credit Applications
Other county discussion as time allows
Supervisors Sub-Committee Updates
Pic: Twitter
For Hollywood, 2016's ended on a high. Quite literally so. Thanks to a prankster who sneaked all the way up to the iconic Hollywood sign in LA and changed it to read ‘Hollyweed' (with the help of just a couple black tarps and some paint).
Now as far as New Year pranks go, this one's got us sold. But while whoever did it has balls of steel, he didn't come up with this one all by himself. According to LA Times, a college student named Danny Finegood beat our prankster to it by exactly 40 years. That's 1976. And while it might've given Twitter something to laugh about, there's more to this prank than meets the eye.
According to a report in the newspaper from 1976, Daniel N. Finegood and his friends sneaked up to the Hollywood sign on New Year's day and hung black curtains to make it read ‘Hollyweed' to mark the day California relaxed its marijuana laws. Incidentally, 2016 also marked the year Californians voted for legalising weed for the first time.
The ballot vote, cast in November (where they also voted for Trump), has already come into effect partially and is expected to come in full force during the course of 2017. So while the prank gave Californians something to smile about when they woke to 2017, it's also a ‘sign' of the good things coming their way this year.
Up Next: GQ Men Of The Year Awards airs on Star World on Sunday, Oct 16
SYDNEY - Hundreds of tourists trapped in a remote New Zealand town for 48 hours after a strong storm damaged roads were freed on Saturday after authorities cleared a highway.
About 600 tourists are now able to leave the remote town of Haast, 426 km (265 miles) northwest of Dunedin on the west coast of the South Island, a world heritage area famous for rugged scenery, after the road was cleared.
State Highway Six reopened at 11 a.m., the NZ Transport Agency told Reuters in an email.
"All stranded motorists have now been able to leave," it said.
A further 117 motorists stranded at Fox Glacier were also able to move on Saturday after roads were repaired, West Coast Civil Defence officials said by telephone.
The storm flooded the southern city of Dunedin and the west coast town of Buller, forcing authorities to declare a state of emergency and ask people not to travel by road.
Health authorities warned people to avoid contact with flood waters that could be contaminated by sewage, Radio NZ said.
Weather forecaster Metservice said storm-damaged areas on the west coast of the South Island would get a reprieve on Saturday with sheltered, sunny weather before more rain arrives, while heavy rains were forecast for the North Island around Auckland.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of two brothers of Jama Powell, who was killed in Bristol just after Christmas, has been released on bail, the Bristol Post can reveal.
And now a campaign has begun to persuade the authorities to release the other brother too, in time for Jama's funeral, which takes place this Friday in the city.
Jamel Powell died from stab wounds suffered inside the Blue Mountain club in Stokes Croft in the early hours of December 30.
Two men have already appeared in court charged with the 37-year-old's murder. Ian Wayne Power and Errol Anderson were remanded in custody and will next appear before a judge on February 26.
Mr Powell's two brothers, Rafiki, 30, and Meikel, 29, have been charged with committing a grievous bodily harm in which Anderson was assaulted outside the club.
Both were initially remanded in custody, but at a bail hearing on Friday, Meikel Powell was granted bail and freed by the court to await his hearing in court in the summer.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The funeral of Jamal Powell is to take place this coming Friday, February 9.
It will take place at the Elim Church in Jamaica Street and mourners are being asked to ‘dress bright and colourful'.
Jama's violent death shocked the community in St Paul's and a shrine of tributes quickly grew outside the Blue Mountain.
Family, friends and supporters of the Powell family said they were pleased that Meikel Powell has been released on bail in time for him to attend his brother's funeral.
But supporters said they are now focusing on an application for bail for Rafiki Powell, which will be heard by a judge at Bristol crown court on Wednesday this week, just two days before the funeral.
The family and supporters from the Justice for Judah campaign in Bristol are calling on the police, the Crown Prosecution Service and the Ministry of Justice to allow Mr Powell's release on bail, especially given the circumstances in the family this week.
“The family are grieving and Rafiki is traumatised by what happened to his brother, and has not been with his family since Jama's death,” said a spokesperson for the campaign.
“There was some good news for the Powell family and the larger Bristol community, after the devastation of the murder of the much loved Jama Powell, with at last the long overdue release on bail of Meikel Powell.
“But celebrations are on hold as we fight for the release on bail of Rafiki Powell in time for his brother's funeral Friday.
“It is the right and compassionate thing for the Ministry of Justice, CPS and A&S Constabulary to do,” he added.
The campaign is now calling on people to lobby their MP, the chief constable Andy Marsh and the Crown Prosecution Service ahead of Wednesday's bail hearing.
16 Interesting Things We Saw at the New York Internatio...
16 Interesting Things We Saw at the New York Internatio...
4 Tips For Success From One of Silicon Beach's Most Creative Companies
How a garage startup in Venice became a successful post-acquisition virtual reality media company that is now disrupting the news industry.
University Park, PA -- A new, low-cost attachment to telescopes allows previously unachievable precision in ground-based observations of exoplanets -- planets beyond our solar system. With the new attachment, ground-based telescopes can produce measurements of light intensity that rival the highest quality photometric observations from space. Penn State astronomers, in close collaboration with the nanofabrication labs at RPC Photonics in Rochester, New York, created custom "beam-shaping" diffusers -- carefully structured micro-optic devices that spread incoming light across an image -- that are capable of minimizing distortions from the Earth's atmosphere that can reduce the precision of ground-based observations. A paper describing the effectiveness of the diffusers appears online on October 5, 2017, in the Astrophysical Journal.
"This inexpensive technology delivers high photometric precision in observations of exoplanets as they transit -- cross in front of -- the bright stars that they orbit," said Gudmundur Stefansson, graduate student at Penn State, NASA Earth and Space Science Fellow, and lead author of the paper. "This technology is especially relevant considering the impending launch of NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) early in 2018. It is up to ground-based facilities to rapidly and reliably follow-up on candidate planets that are identified by TESS."
Diffusers are small pieces of glass that can be easily adapted to mount onto a variety of telescopes. Because of their low cost and adaptability, Stefansson believes that diffuser-assisted photometry will allow astronomers to make the most of the information from TESS, confirming new planet candidates from the ground.
"Beam-shaping diffusers are made using a precise nanofabrication process," said Suvrath Mahadevan, associate professor of astronomy and astrophysics at Penn State and an author of the paper, "where a carefully designed surface pattern is precisely written on a plastic polymer on a glass surface or directly etched on the glass itself. The pattern consists of precise micro-scale structures, engineered to mold the varying light input from stars into a predefined broad and stable output shape spread over many pixels on the telescope camera."
The research team tested the new diffuser technology "on-sky" on the Hale telescope at Palomar Observatory in California, the 0.6m telescope at Davey Lab Observatory at Penn State, and the ARC 3.5m Telescope at Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico. In all cases, images produced with a diffuser were consistently more stable than those using conventional methods -- they maintained a relatively consistent size, shape, and intensity, which is integral in achieving highly precise measurements. Using a focused telescope without a diffuser produced images that fluctuate in size and intensity. A common method of "defocusing" the telescope -- deliberately taking the image out of focus to spread out light -- yielded higher photometric precision than focused observations, but still created images that fluctuated in size and intensity.
"Diffused observations are by far the most stable", said Ming Zhao, data scientist at The New York Times and former research associate at Penn State who led the diffuser effort at the 5m Hale telescope at Palomar.
By shaping the output of light, the diffuser allows astronomers to overcome noise created by the Earth's atmosphere. "The stable and smooth images delivered by diffusers are essential in minimizing the adverse effects of the turbulent atmosphere on our measurements, and in maximizing our precision," said Zhao.
"This technology works over a wide range of wavelengths, from the optical -- visible by humans -- to the near infrared," said Jason Wright, associate professor of astronomy and astrophysics at Penn State and an author of the paper. "As such, diffusers can be used for a wide range of exoplanet science. We can use them to precisely measure the times exoplanetary worlds transit their stars, which will help us measure their masses and compositions, and even find new planets in their systems; and we can use them to study the temperature structures of giant planets' atmospheres."
The research team is already establishing collaborations to implement this technology on other telescopes around the world. "Our goal is to equip the broader exoplanet community with low-cost precision tools to deliver precise measurements to aid future observations in exoplanet science," said Stefansson.
In addition to Stefansson, Mahadevan, Zhao, and Wright, the research team at Penn State includes graduate students Shubham Kanodia, Lea M. Z. Hagen, and Leo J. Liu; undergraduate student Yiting Li; and postdoctoral researchers Thomas Beatty and Paul Robertson. The diffuser development and research team also includes Leslie Hebb, assistant professor of physics at Hobart and William Smith Colleges; John Wisniewski, presidential professor and assistant professor of physics at the University of Oklahoma; Joseph Huehnerhoff, previous instrument engineer at the Apache Point Observatory 3.5m telescope, now an opto-mechanical engineer at Hindsight Imaging, Inc.; Brett Morris, graduate student at the University of Washington; Sam Halverson, NASA Sagan postdoctoral researcher at the University of Pennsylvania; Joseph O'rourke, postdoctoral researcher at the California Institute of Technology; Heather Knutson, professor of astronomy at the California Institute of Technology; Suzanne Hawley, professor of astronomy at the University of Washington; Chad Bender, associate astronomer at the University of Arizona; Jack Dembicky, Candace Gray, and Theodore Rudyk, Telescope Operating Specialists at the Apache Point Observatory 3.5m telescope; Russet McMillan, Manager of Night Operations at the Apache Point Observatory; and William Ketzeback the Apache Point Observatory 3.5m Chief Telescope Engineer.
###
This research was funded by a Scialog grant from the Research Corporation for Science Advancement (Rescorp) and supported by the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds, a Leifur Eiriksson Foundation Scholarship, the NASA Earth and Space Science Fellowship Program, the National Science Foundation, and the Penn State Astrobiology Research Center.
[ Gudmundur Stefansson / Suvrath Mahadevan / Gail McCormick ]
CONTACTS:
Gudmundur Stefansson:
gudmundur@psu.edu
1-814-777-8712 (mobile)
Suvrath Mahadevan
suvrath@astro.psu.edu
1-814-865-0261
Barbara K. Kennedy (PIO)
http://bkk1@psu.edu
1-814-863-4682
DOWNLOADABLE IMAGES + VIDEO + CAPTIONS & CREDITS:
Mahadevan_1_telescopes.png
(Download from https:/ / psu. box. com/ v/ Mahadevan-1 )
A team of astronomers led by researchers at Penn State have developed beam-shaping diffusers - small pieces of etched glass that can be mounted on telescopes - that increase the quality of ground-based photometric observations. The research team tested the diffusers on the 3.5m telescope at Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico (left; image credit: Gudmundur Stefansson), the 5m Hale telescope at Palomar Observatory (middle; image credit: Caltech/Palomar Observatory), and the 0.6m telescope at Davey Lab Observatory at Penn State (right; image credit: Gudmundur Stefansson).
Mahadevan_2_diffuser.png
(Download from https:/ / psu. box. com/ v/ Mahadevan-2 )>
Left: Light from a laser pointer is shaped into a wide and stable output using a beam-shaping diffuser. A carefully designed pattern is precisely molded into plastic polymers or directly into a glass substrate, creating micro-structures on the surface of the diffuser (inset; image credit: RPC Photonics). Right: The diffuser installed at the 3.5m telescope at Apache Point Observatory. (Image credit Stefansson et al. 2017.)
Mahadevan_video.mp4
(Download from https:/ / psu. box. com/ v/ Mahadevan-video or https:/ / www. youtube. com/ watch?v= BaxRxqRSsAc )
The stability of the stellar image on a telescope detector is integral in achieving high precision photometric measurements. This video compares diffuser-assisted observations (right) to the two other most commonly used observing modes to observe transiting exoplanets: (left) observations using a defocused telescope, creating broad, but often highly unstable stellar images, and (middle) in-focus observations, which often fluctuate and "dance" around on the detector, degrading their precision. The diffused observations consistently deliver a broad and stable image of the star throughout the observations. The video images were obtained with the wide-field Infrared camera (WIRC) on the 5m Hale Telescope at Palomar Observatory, with and without a diffuser. (Video credit: Ming Zhao).
OTTAWA — The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
In a statement today, Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
First Album, First Song: The 150 Best Lead-Off Tracks
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesty of the artists Courtesty of the artists
Over the years, some bands who've released recording debuts have launched their careers with a single from the album that, in many cases, was the first song on the first side of their record. In the business, these songs are called "lead-off tracks," denoting the first in a series of songs on an album. Many of these tracks spawned major hits: from Beyoncé's "Crazy In Love," "Chuck E's In Love" by Rickie Lee Jones and Norah Jones' "Don't Know Why," to Foo Fighters' "This Is A Call" and "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes" by Crosby, Stills & Nash.
Still others, while not major radio hits, have had lasting influence on pop music. "Radio Free Europe" by R.E.M., "Illegal Smile" by John Prine, "Push It Along" by A Tribe Called Quest and "Sunday Morning" by The Velvet Underground come to mind.
From rock and soul to R&B and rap, we've collected 150 of these lead-off tracks into one playlist. Listen below.
If you've ever longed for a hint of doughnut in your beer, your time has come.
Mystic Brewery, the Chelsea-based farmhouse-style beer crafter along the Mystic River, announced a partnership with Somerville's "cult donut maker" Union Square Donuts. The unlikely duo will offer a variety of doughnut-infused flavors, including the Boston Cream Porter, which Mystic Brew will sell in-house and by the can this fall.
The beer makers say a thick pour of the appropriately-creamy Boston Cream Porter will reveal hints of vanilla, nutmeg, chocolate nibs. Other new beer flavors will include Boston Cream, Maple Bacon, Brown Butter Hazelnut Crunch, and Sea Salted Bourbon Caramel.
In a statement, the Chelsea brewers said the new experimental drinks are part of their "Fabrication Series," in which "all rules are thrown out the door and the Mystic team goes for pure flavor construction."
Promoting this @UnionSqDonuts collaboration is making us hungry! Will we see you on Saturday at the brewery for beer and donuts?! #Boston pic.twitter.com/E1VFlYx9Ga -- Mystic Brewery (@MysticBrewery) October 4, 2017
Eager taste testers can head to the Williams Street brewery in Chelsea on Saturday, Oct. 7 to sample the concoction with two or five "doughies," the Somerville shop's endearing term for its bite-sized donut rounds.
The Saturday event will take place just hours after the beer is canned, Mystic Brewery says, so fans can take the drinks home with them -- at the price of $19.00 for a canned 4-pack.
President Donald Trump's reported choice to serve as Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy has raised alarm concerning conflict of interest, asThe ONDCP is responsible for most of the shaping of U.S. drug policy and will also be "providing administrative support" for Trump's newly-created special commission to combat the opiate crisis. Trump's top choice, Pennsylvania Congressman Tom Marino, is expected to resign from Congress to become the country's "drug czar."For those who seek to genuinely hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable for its role in the country's opiate crisis, Marino is a perilous choice. The International Business Times has uncovered troubling background of Marino's relationship with the pharmaceutical industry, particularly regarding donations.According to IBT, MarinoMarino has received more than $150,000 in donations from the pharmaceutical industry in his political career, including $71,000 for the 2016 election, according to records at Maplight.org and Opensecrets.org.While he has yet to comment on his reception of those hefty donations, Marino is also responsible for establishing the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act, which essentially hinders the DEA's ability to go after drug companies that have made profits in the midst of the opiate epidemic.Before its passage, DEA Deputy Assistant Administrator Joseph Rannazzisi was vocal about his opposition to the bill, warning that if the bill "passes the way it's written we won't be able to get immediate suspension orders, we won't be able to stop the hemorrhaging of these drugs out of these bad pharmacies and these bad corporations."Following Rannazzisi's criticisms, Marino sought to have the Justice Department investigate Rannazzisi and "whether Rannazzisi had tried to 'intimidate' members of Congress," according to IBT. The Los Angeles Times reported that the bill "allows companies accused of failing to report suspicious orders of dangerous drugs to submit a 'corrective action plan' to persuade the Drug Enforcement Administration to postpone or abandon proceedings against them. The law also raises the bar for the DEA to temporarily suspend their licenses."The Los Angeles Times added that this bill was wellIt's quite clear that Marino has benefitted from big pharma's large donations and has experience in helping shape drug policy that effectively protects the industry.In addition to his political cordiality with the industry, Marino has shown through his time in Congress that he is opposed to pro-cannabis legislation. "In Congress, Marino voted multiple times against a bipartisan measure to prevent the Justice Department from going after state-legal medical marijuana businesses," The Cannabist reported. the publication noted, andMaj. Neill Franklin (Ret.), a 34-year Baltimore and Maryland State Police Department veteran and the executive director of Law Enforcement Action Partnership, offered the following statement in response to Marino's tentative appointment: "Author:New Hampshire-based writer Annabelle Bamforth is focused on breaking the left/right paradigm through new media and local politics. Annabelle is the editor-in-chief of Emmy-winning journalist Ben Swann's Truth In Media Project and a producer for Mr. Swann's Truth In Media episodes.
(Yonhap)
North Korea is unlikely to carry out its threat to fire missiles into waters around the US territory of Guam, Defense Minister Song Young-moo said Monday.Song made the remark during a report to the parliamentary defense committee, saying that top military leaders of the South and the United States share the assessment.Song said the possibility of the North carrying out the threat is "extremely low." Asked if the North could still put the threat into action, Song said that it would be possible only in an "extreme" case.Song said, however, the North is technically capable of reaching the island.Last week, the North threatened to fire four Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missiles into waters just 30-40 kilometers off the Pacific island, sending the already high tensions on the Korean Peninsula soaring higher.In response, US President Donald Trump has openly talked about military options.On the North's intercontinental ballistic missile capabilities, Song said that it's difficult to say that the regime has definitely succeeded in mastering atmospheric re-entry technology.Song said that the South's military does not recognize the North's claim that it has mastered nuclear warhead miniaturization technology.Earlier, his ministry said in a written report to the committee that the South and the US are ready to respond if the North carries out the Guam strike threat. It said that the two countries are prepared to "demonstrate the strong willpower and capabilities of the Korea-US alliance, and will put them into action if necessary."Possible options include a demonstration of firepower by South Korea alone or jointly between the two countries, strengthening exercises to cope with North Korean nuclear and missile threats, and the deployment of additional US strategic assets, the ministry said.The ministry said that the North's threat to strike Guam was seen as aimed at protesting the latest package of UN Security Council sanctions and setting up a one-on-one standoff with the US.It also said that the North is likely to undertake provocations in protest of the UN sanctions as well as the upcoming joint military exercises between the US and the South.The ministry also said that the military is maintaining its self-defense readiness while keeping a close eye on possible signs of North Korean provocations by mobilizing more surveillance equipment and strengthening vigilance status.The Korean Air Operations Center and the Master Control and Reporting Center, as well as patriot missile bases, keep checking on air defense readiness, as well as the anti-missile warning system, it added.The ministry also plans to issue a strong warning to North Korea when the defense ministers of the two countries hold talks later this month. It vowed to work closely together with the US to further strengthen pressure and sanctions on the North.The country will also accelerate efforts to revise a ballistic missile agreement with the US to increase its missile range, while deploying the four additional launchers for the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system."We are working hard to complete (the deployment) as quickly as possible," Song said.Song also said that the ministry reported to President Moon Jae-in via the National Security Council the results of a government examination of electromagnetic radiation and noise levels from the THAAD battery in the southeastern village of Seongju.The survey showed the radiation and noise levels as below the legal limits."What the president told us is that we need to take whatever measures are necessary as early as possible (to cope with North Korea threats)," Song said.Song also said the ministry is trying to promote the awareness of the need for THAAD among residents of the host village. (Yonhap)
NATIONAL
Since taking power in 2012, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has climbed the mountain Baekdusan almost every year and often made important announcements after visiting what is considered the most sacred place in the reclusive regime.
For instance, his decision to execute his uncle Jang Song-thaek in December 2013 was revealed about a month after his trip to the mountain and the nearby area. Following a 2014 trip, Kim announced he was willing to resume suspended inter-Korean talks.
So now comes the guessing at what sort of message Kim is to deliver after his 2017 visit, believed to have taken place after the South Korea and US militaries conducted the largest-ever aerial combat drill from Dec. 4 through Friday.
North Korea ledaer Kim Jong-un. Yonhap
“Our great leader (Kim Jong-un) paid a visit to Baekdusan after accomplishing ‘great success' in November,” the state-run Korean Central News Agency said Saturday, referring to what they saw as the successful launch of the Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile.According to the statement and photos released by the KCNA, Kim, standing behind the crater lake at the mountain, recalled the “emotion-charged” days when he realized the country's success of completing its claimed “nuclear force.” The KCNA did not reveal the specific date of the trip.Experts said the visit could have given him the opportunity to clear his mind before laying out his national vision for 2018, as North Korea is seeking to become a full-fledged nuclear state and achieve the goal of mastering nuclear-strike capability.And such messages would be incorporated into Kim's address on New Year's Day, experts added. In his 2017 New Year's address, Kim said the North was “in the final phase” of conducting its first intercontinental ballistic missile test.“Ascending to the top of Baekdusan, Kim Jong-un is thought to have reported to his predecessors about North Korea's nuclear progress and made the commitment to his endeavor,” commented Yang Moo-jin, a professor at the University of North Korean Studies.“Next year, North Korea is likely to focus on improving their economy through self-reliance measures, enhancing its leverage against the US for nuclear talks and showing proactive moves toward inter-Korean relations.”By Yeo Jun-suk ( jasonyeo@heraldcorp.com
Marco Faraone is a prolific and versatile producer whose incendiary live sets have earned him the attention of all the right people. The Italian techno artist has recently had his music released through labels such as Drumcode, Desolat, Sci+Tec, Get Physical, and more. As a DJ his residency at Tenax in Florence has played host to the likes of Adam Beyer, Loco Dice, Ricardo Villalobos, Dixon, Marcel Dettmann, Ben Klock, and more.
Hailing from Tuscany, Italy, Faraone grew up immersed in music – his father was a DJ in the 80s, working for a local radio station, whilst his grandfather was also a folk singer and a musician. Surrounded by these diverse musical influences, Marco started playing around with hiphop records from the likes of Run DMC and Tupac, graduating into drum n bass when he wanted something a little “freakier”. His talent didn't go unnoticed for long, as Faraone landed his first gig at just 14 years old.
As his style developed, Marco became fascinated with the 90s house championed by Masters At Work and Todd Terry, whilst admiring Laurent Garnier for his ability to effortlessly play diverse sets.
Developing his production skills led to his first release in 2008, ‘Arabia' on Tenax Recordings. Although this effort was well received, it took a further few years of hard work and sending out demos before Faraone's “big break”, with the 2010 EP ‘Strange Neighbors' on Moon Harbour. When label boss Matthias Tanzmann played the title track out at DC10 in Ibiza, it prompted a huge reaction with a dancefloor sit-down. Marco Faraone had arrived.
He's since developed a worldwide reputation as an extremely skilled producer, with releases ranging from the warm analogue house grooves of his most recent Moon Harbour EP ‘Next Level', to the relentless, hypnotic techno of his latest EP for On Edge Society, ‘Black Air'. It's thanks to this versatility that Faraone has released on so many respected labels in a relatively short period of time – Drumcode, Desolat, Be As One, Sci+Tec, Moda Black, Holic Trax, Get Physical and Truesoul have all provided a home for Faraone's productions.
As a DJ, Faraone is equally busy. His popularity back home in Italy is plain to see, with 3 years of a residency and counting under his belt at the famed Tenax club in Florence. Founded in 1981, the club's 16-year old Saturday night series ‘Nobody's Perfect' has played host to the likes of Adam Beyer, Loco Dice, Ricardo Villlalobos, Dixon, Marcel Dettman, Ben Klock, Carl Cox, Nina Kraviz, Solomun and Chris Liebing. Faraone believes “It's one of the best clubs in the world.”
He's managed to maintain the residency despite his increasingly packed tour schedule across the globe – a selection of recent highlights from his calendar include Belgian super festivals Tomorrowland and Extrema Outdoors, Barcelona's Elrow, tastemaking US clubs Output, Verboten and Stereo Montreal, and infamous Berlin techno havens Panorama Bar and Watergate, with BPM Mexico on the horizon for 2016.
Having earned his stripes as both trusted resident and a travelling headliner, Marco has now launched his own event series in Italy, ‘Marco Faraone and Friends'. The latest edition saw 4000 clubbers invading the beach in Sicily, demonstrating the extent of Faraone's loyal fanbase at home.
With so many high-profile dates behind him and the support of some of the most respected names in electronic music, Faraone is now perfectly placed to begin running his own imprint. Uncage Music will launch on November 16th, with Faraone's brand-new EP ‘Rotaryknobs'. Including an incredible extended Radio Slave remix of the title track and an edit from Markus Suckut, the EP has already been creating plenty of noise and attracting attention online.
Marco Faraone is an exceptionally multi-talented young DJ and producer, yet the launch of Uncage shows he is still adding strings to his bow – a sign of true staying power in this fast-paced industry
Marco will be playing Heart Nightclub on Saturday, June 17. To purchase tickets, visit https://www.residentadvisor.net/event.aspx?965638
Athletics: Bolt vows 'never again' after emotional London farewell
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 08:30 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Fans with a banner for Usain Bolt of Jamaica. REUTERS/Toby Melville
By Ian Chadband
LONDON (Reuters) - Usain Bolt took an emotional final bow on the track at the end of the World Championships in London on Sunday before declaring that, definitely and definitively, there was no way he would ever return to sprinting.
After embarking on a special lap of honour so slow that you could not believe that we were saying farewell to the world's fastest man, Bolt was asked by reporters already missing him whether he might ever change his mind.
"No, I've seen too many people come back and make things worse and shame themselves. I won't be one of those people who come back," Bolt said firmly.
Twenty four hours earlier, the 30-year-old Jamaican's matchless sprint career had ended painfully on the last leg of the 4 x 100 metres relay final as he crumpled to the ground in the London Stadium with a hamstring injury.
Bolt, who admitted that it had been a terrible end of a "stressful" championship for him after also losing his 100 metres crown, said he had felt consoled on Sunday when someone told him "Muhammad Ali lost his last fight too -- so don't be too stressed about it".
Already he was looking forward to an exciting future, he said, with his management camp talking to IAAF President Sebastian Coe, about what he might be able to do for the sport in an ambassadorial capacity.
He also revealed that his coach Glen Mills, the sage of Jamaican athletics, wanted him to become his coaching assistant.
"So we'll see how that goes," Bolt smiled about the man who has put him through a lifetime of pain.
And the great man even had reporters laughing when he gave them a vision of what a 50-year-old Usain Bolt might end up doing.
"I've no idea. Hopefully, with three kids, married, still in track and field, trying to help the sport, watching it grow," he said.
"I don't know if I'd take my kids to the track, though. I won't be one of those parents who force their kids into things they don't want to do."
WONDERFUL NIGHT
It was a wonderful night of celebration for athletics' greatest entertainer with Bolt honoured one last time at the stadium where he achieved the second of his three Olympic sprint doubles.
Coe and the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, presented him with a piece of the 2012 track as a memento before he embarked on his celebration lap, slowly soaking up all the non-stop cheers from the 56,000 full houses - all to a Bob Marley soundtrack.
He went over to the 200 metres and 100 metres start lines, knelt down and crossed himself.
"I was saying goodbye to my fans but to my events also," he said, admitting he had been close to tears.
And after taking rather longer than the 9.63 seconds it took him to win the 100 metres crown here in 2012, he eventually stopped at the finish line and gave everyone his trademark lightning bolt impression.
Before he had set off on the lap, he had told the crowd he just wanted to entertain and put on a show.
He did just that before also getting a rare round of applause in the press room from "some of you guys who wrote bad things about me".
Asked what he hoped his legacy would be, he paused for a moment before saying: "I've proved with hard work anything is possible. I personally think this is a good message to the kids. 'Push on, be strong, be as good as you can be' - that's a good legacy to leave'."
He was also adamant that he would "preach" to youngsters about avoiding the evil of performance-enhancing drugs.
"The sport hit rock bottom last year and the year before and now we're on the way back up," he said.
And his immediate aims? In typical Bolt fashion, he just smiled and declared: "The first thing I'm going to do is have some fun. Have a party and have a drink. I need to chill."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
2018 NBA Finals: 5 Things the Cleveland Cavaliers must do to beat the Golden State Warriors
It might look lop-sided but with a superhuman LeBron James, the Cavs can pull off an upset. We discuss 5 ways to do that.
Yash Matange SENIOR ANALYST Feature 30 May 2018, 12:21 IST 684 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
LeBron James and Kevin Durant in Game 5 of the 2017 NBA Finals
So for a fourth straight year, we have the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors facing off in the NBA Finals representing the East and West respectively.
The matchup might seem redundant but this year, it's earned. Unlike last year, when the Warriors went 12-0 in the West and the Cavs dropped just one game in the East Playoffs, this year, both teams have had to slug it out by playing and winning Game 7 of the Conference Finals on the road.
Through the previous three Finals, the Warriors lead the head-to-head 2-1, with the Cavaliers' lone championship coming in 2016 when they became the only team in league history to overcome a 3-1 series deficit in the NBA Finals.
Having said that, never have these teams sort of had the same roster in two straight Finals. In 2015, the Cavaliers played without Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving in five of the six games. In 2016, everybody was healthy on both teams and then in 2017, the Warriors returned to the Finals stage after adding 2014 league MVP Kevin Durant to their roster the previous summer.
And again, this year it's different again with the Irving being traded to the Boston Celtics. Anyways, it is what it is. So, although it might feel one-sided, let's break it down and tactically analyze everything the Cavaliers need to do to beat the defending champions:
Note: This is taking into consideration the team's role players' potential and not necessarily how poorly they have performed against the Celtics.
#5 Rebound the ball & slow the pace down
Kevin Love fights with Al Horford for the rebound.
Yes, LeBron James surrounded with four shooters is an unstoppable line-up but that might be the case only in the East. Trying to outrun and outgun the Warriors at their own game has historically not proven to be such a good idea.
The Cavaliers with their big men - Kevin Love, Tristan Thompson and some of Larry Nance Jr. - have an advantage on the boards. The 2018 postseason numbers wouldn't show that of course as Cleveland has predominantly started and played small with Love at center. For the Playoffs, despite playing 18 games, by average the Cavaliers are ranked 11th (out of 16) in RPG at 40.2. However, in the Conference Finals, against the Boston Celtics, where they were playing a rejuvenated Tristan Thompson, Cleveland averaged 43.0 rebounds per game.
You won't find Thompson atop any of the offensive rebounding categories this season as he hardly suited up for the team and when he did, his performance way below par. However, he has been on some sort of resurgence since Game 7 of the first round against the Indiana Pacers.
So they certainly have it in them to crash the glass, especially the offensive one, which is known to be a profound weakness of the Warriors and something that Tristan is really good at. And this isn't just for Tristan. Rebounding, even for the team's guards, should be a priority in an attempt to slow the pace down.
The Los Angeles Chargers kicked off their chapter in their new home in Sunday's preseason opener against the Seattle Seahawks, and it is safe to say that things didn't go according to plan.
Although the Bolts loss 48-17, it is after all just the first week of the preseason which means the game doesn't truly count, and the final score certainly holds no real value.
Backup quarterback Kellen Clemens did not look good enough to solidify his No. 2 job, but considering the lack of accuracy quarterback Cardale Jones displayed, the Bolts may not be ready just yet to bump the former Ohio State Buckeye up.
On the flip side of that equation, starting quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates looked like they haven't missed a beat. The dynamic duo connected for a touchdown on the team's first drive but once the starters left the game, things went downhill for the Chargers in a hurry.
While Chargers rookie coach Anthony Lynn would like to quickly forget about the result, he and defensive coordinator Gus Bradley got an opportunity to see how some rookie defensive players look in live-game action.
Fourth round rookie safety Rayshawn Jenkins had six combined tackles and fellow first-year player Desmond King had four combined tackles and one interception.
King showed off some good athleticism and ability to play the ball on his interception. Given the amount of misfortune the Chargers have dealt with injuries recently, King has a good chance of hitting the field come Week 1.
Ultimately, what derailed the Bolts' effort on Sunday was their five turnovers.
The team lost three fumbles which were later converted into scores, and Clemens tossed two interceptions. The defense got gashed 133 yards on the ground and four touchdowns, while its secondary was torched for 325 yards through the air.
For the Chargers home debut at Los Angeles, the Seahawks did a good job of crashing the party. This isn't how the team wanted to kick off its Fight For L.A. campaign, but fortunately for Chargers fans, the starters did look very good. Thus giving fans something to hang their hats on until next week's game.
Rashid Latif takes U-turn, calls Virender Sehwag a 'great player'
Latif also labels Virat Kohli as the best batsman in the world.
by Ram Kumar Breaking 14 Jun 2017, 19:50 IST
Sehwag's humorous comment had sparked a verbal tirade from Latif
What's the story?
The war of words between Rashid Latif and Virender Sehwag took a different turn as the former Pakistan captain heaped praise on the Indian batting icon's career. Backing the Indian team to reach the final of the Champions Trophy, the 48-year old also labelled Virat Kohli as the best batsman in the world.
Rashid said, “I wanted to warn Sehwag a lesson after his comments on Pakistan. We should respect each other. Sehwag was a great player who scored two triple centuries. But he must understand he should not disrespect a country. I am not talking only about Pakistan but he should not disrespect teams like Sri Lanka or Bangladesh.”
He added, “I would like to congratulate India. They have a good chance of making it into the finals. Virat Kohli is the best batsman in the world. (Anil) Kumble has played against me. He is a very honest person.
“Also, the others who have played against me or I have heard about them are Harbhajan Singh, Yuvraj Singh, Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly, Ajay Jadeja, (Mohammad) Azharuddin, (Javagal) Srinath, (Krishnamachari) Srikkanth. I would like to congratulate them all.”
The Background
It all started when Sehwag sent out a humorous tweet referring to Bangladesh as ‘grandson' and Pakistan as ‘son'. Taking offence to the comparisons, Latif lashed out at the 38-year old for his remark before going on a tangential rant pertaining to the history of the Indian subcontinent.
The heart of the matter
Latif had earlier claimed that India would return home after losing to South Africa in the virtual knockout game at The Oval. In what was a sharp contrast to his prediction, the ‘Men in Blue' decimated the Proteas by 8 wickets and booked a place in the semi-finals.
With his assessment going wrong, the erstwhile wicket-keeper batsman changed his tune and congratulated the Indian team for their performance.
Surprisingly, Sehwag chose to respond to Latif's rant in a subtle manner. He sent out a tweet pointing to the power of meaningful silence over meaningless words. However, discarded Indian batsman Manoj Tiwary jumped into the spat and slammed the Pakistani veteran for his ‘shameful act‘.
What's next?
India takes on Bangladesh in the second semi-final at Edgbaston Stadium in Birmingham on Thursday. With a place in the final at stake, a packed crowd is expected to greet both teams at the venue.
Author's Take
Admittedly, Sehwag's tweet on India's neighbouring countries was morally wrong. But Latif's initial response was even more disconcerting. Hopefully, the issue is now resolved after the gloveman's reversal.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Artell said Crewe Alex have to roll their sleeves up and dig themselves out of relegation trouble, after a fourth straight defeat on Saturday.
The Railwaymen lost 4-1 at promotion-chasing Notts County. Manager Artell felt his side played well at times but were punished by soft defensive mistakes.
Now he called on his players to undo the damage created.
Artell said: "We had enough of the ball to create more, we were very good for half an hour. They scored a screamer, then a scrappy second, but we were the better team I felt, we certainly weren't outplayed.
"The third goal changed things massively, that was far too easy, then we chased the game. The last 20 minutes looked worse than what it was.
"Whether you all us ambitious or foolish, we'd rather lose 4-1 than 3-1 as long as we are trying to get back in the game.
"We've conceded 10 goals in three games, that's ridiculous. It's not acceptable, it's got to stop.
"It'll take hard work and practice, you only get better if you practice properly, that's what we have to keep doing.
"It's not a case of feeling sorry for ourselves, we have to get on with it and work our socks off to get ourselves out of the hole we are digging for ourselves.
"We have to get points against anyone we we can get them from, we can't just think we can get them from the Yeovils (Crewe's next opponents) of this world.
"We didn't come here just to turn up, we came to try to win a game of football and it hasn't quite worked out. We have to make sure whoever we play against we try to win the game, that will always be the aim."
There were 1,450 travelling Alex fans at Meadow Lane, and Artell praised their support.
He also apologised for a lack of appreciation shown to them at the final whistle.
Artell added: "They (the fans) were very good, I just wish we could have given them more to cheer about.
"I went down the tunnel, and I should have made sure we did (thank the fans). I apologise for that, it should have happened. I'll make sure it happens because we normally do.
"We are in it together, players, staff, fans, the board, loacal businesses, we all have to be in it together. I apologise to the fans on behalf of the players and myself, we should have gone over."
Sandoval: Boston just never felt like home
Following his return to the San Francisco Giants, MLB All-Star Pablo Sandoval revealed he never felt at home in Boston.
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 04:55 IST
Pablo Sandoval
Anyone with even a passing familiarity with the Boston sports scene could have warned Pablo Sandoval he was in for significant culture shock after signing a five-year, $95million deal with the Red Sox after the 2014 season.
Trading the feel-good atmosphere of a San Francisco Giants team that had just won their third MLB World Series in five years for the suffocating pressure of Boston with a contract that made him an instant target turned out to be a colossal mistake — aside from the not-insignificant factor of all of that guaranteed money.
Now safely ensconced back in San Francisco, three-time World series champion and two-time All-Star Sandoval felt compelled to share his feelings about the situation.
"At the end of the day, I just never felt comfortable in Boston," Sandoval wrote for The Players' Tribune.
"It had nothing to do with the organisation, or my team-mates, or the fans, or the city. Everybody was great to me. I think it was just something that happens sometimes — you don't feel comfortable somewhere, or you don't fit in, even if you're in a place you chose to be.
"In Boston, I was lost. It just never felt like home."
Only 28 years old when he signed his megadeal, Sandoval said he came to believe his career was "over" as he suffered through by far the worst season of his career in 2015, then played in only three games in 2016 before having season-ending shoulder surgery.
His final slash line for his 161-game Red Sox career: .237/.286/.360, with just 14 home runs.
Injuries certainly were a factor, but Sandoval said there were intangible factors at work, too.
"I had the greatest times of my life in San Francisco," he said. "And when I chose to leave, I left the special group of guys that I had shared those times with. I left behind the chemistry I had built with my team-mates. I left behind a dynasty.
"And I think that's another reason I struggled so much the last couple of years: Because every day I spent in Boston, my heart was still back in San Francisco."
A Seattle Police Officers Guild official says many officers are leaving the city's police department because they're "fed up" with Seattle's politics.Rich O'Neill, the group's vice president, said Sunday on "Fox & Friends" that "a number of issues" are weighing down on the city's officers, causing them to find work elsewhere.According to Q13 FOX , 41 officers have left the city's police department this year, many of whom frustrated by the city's politics.O'Neill said Sunday that Seattle Police Department officers have not received a pay raise in more than four years, even while the city is "booming."He said that the officers see more money being invested in social programs.He added that there are many homeless citizen "encampments" and tents and "open-air drug markets" on the streets."It's just like lawlessness," he said. "As our officers encounter them they don't want shelter, they don't want help."O'Neill said that as many officers leave the department, it's difficult to find people who want to join the force because of "all the anti-police rhetoric that's out there."
COLUMBUS, Ga — The Columbus Police Department confirms a local man wanted for his 4-year-old son's murder has turned himself in to face charges.
Lieutenant Greg Touchberry says 35-year-old Nathaniel Washington-Ghant III was arrested at the Columbus Public Safety Center Tuesday night at about 6 p.m. Ghant was charged with second-degree murder in the death of his son, Nathaniel Washington-Ghant IV.
Police say the toddler was found dead in his home back in September. A GBI medical examiner says the little boy died from “delayed complications to traumatic brain injury”.
His father, Ghant, had also been arrested and charged with cruelty to children back in 2012.
He remains in Muscogee County Jail until his Recorder's Court hearing Thursday at 9 a.m.
Realtor Mike Donia of Re/Max Realty, who specializes in Asian buyers, says he has not seen any waning interest in Toronto real estate.
"I'm still getting the same amount of calls, the same amount of leads. In fact, even more," he said in an interview, adding that interest is growing because of anti-Trump sentiment.
The foreign buyers tax had an initial impact on "mom and pop" buyers, but most Chinese will just purchase through a corporation to bypass the penalty, Donia added.
More than half of Chinese buyers considering Canada were motivated to invest for their own use, nearly 26 per cent for investment and 17 per cent for education, said Juwai.
Chinese parents often buy properties for their children studying overseas. Canada is a top education destination for Chinese students, hitting a record 138,467 in 2017 or 28 per cent of the international student population, said the report.
More than 40 per cent of wealthy Chinese buy property abroad to live in. Six in 10 intend to buy overseas properties over the next three years.
Canada is the second most popular emigration destination for high net-worth Chinese, with 64 per cent having already migrated or planning to move overseas.
Nearly ninety per cent of Chinese interest came from 153 cities in China, led by Beijing and Shanghai. Almost seven per cent lived in Canada.
Ontario attracted the most interest with inquiries for US$500 million worth of properties. The top four cities were Toronto, Ottawa, Waterloo and London.
It was followed by British Columbia at US$328 million with Vancouver leading, followed by Victoria, Richmond and Kelowna.
Quebec attracted views of US$112 million of properties. The largest interest was in Montreal and then Lachenaie northeast of Montreal, Laval and Westmount.
Inquiries in Alberta increased almost nine per cent last year, worth US$56 million, after increasing by 223 per cent in 2016.
The most viewed property listing was a Vancouver mansion listed at C$18.8 million, with other property listings ranging in price as low as C$500,000.
5 players who missed out on a spot in the ODI and T20I squad to face Sri Lanka
These five players were unlucky to not have made the cut for the upcoming series.
@srihari_93 by Srihari Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 02:33 IST
Despite an impressive showing in the A-series, Iyer missed out
On the verge of whitewashing Sri Lanka in the Test series, India announced their ODI and T20I squad that will take on Sri Lanka. Although not known for making wholesale changes to the squad, India did just that as they rested several stars, including much of the bowling department in Umesh Yadav, Mohammed Shami, Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja.
That meant that there will be a new-look bowling line-up for the series that will include the likes of Axar Patel, Yuzvendra Chahal, and Shardul Thakur. Dinesh Karthik, who was brought in as an injury replacement for Manish Pandey, made way for the Karnataka batsman, who topped the scoring charts in the recently-concluded A team Tri-series in South Africa.
While there were some surprise picks, there were also some who were unlucky to miss out on a spot in the side. Here are 5 players who were unlucky to miss out on a spot in the ODI and T20I squad to face Sri Lanka:
Shreyas Iyer
While some players have taken the IPL route to the Indian team recently, Shreyas Iyer has been knocking on the door of national selection after consistent performances for Mumbai in the domestic circuit. However, once again, he has failed to make the cut despite finishing as the third-leading run-getter in the A-team tri-series that India won in South Africa.
Having already been named in the Indian Test squad as cover for the injured Virat Kohli in the Test series against Australia, Iyer has already had a taste of international cricket, albeit from the sidelines. While he will find it incredibly difficult to break into the settled Test side, he must have thought he had a chance of making the ODI squad, especially after his impressive performance in the recently-concluded tri-series in South Africa.
After scoring an unbeaten century in the final against South Africa A, the 22-year-old showed that the big occasion doesn't faze him at all. He will be hoping that it is a question of when and not if he will play for India.
TOYOTA, Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for his seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
"We may have won but it was not easy at all," Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. "New Zealand defended very well."
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
By The Associated Press
Manchester United and Manchester City face ongoing recriminations from Sunday's derby as they prepare for fresh challenges in the midweek round of Premier League matches.
The Football Association has given both clubs until Wednesday to reply to a request for observations following reports of ugly scenes after City's 2-1 win at Old Trafford.
United manager Jose Mourinho and City goalkeeper Ederson are reported to have had a confrontation after the game, while it is claimed Mourinho had milk and water thrown at him from the away dressing room.
United are understood to have taken exception to City's post-match celebrations and an altercation - involving up to 20 players and staff in the crowded corridor leading to the dressing rooms - is believed to have left City coach Mikel Arteta with a head wound.
United host Bournemouth while City head to Swansea on Wednesday night, but Tuesday's press conferences to preview both games will doubtless be dominated by questions about the Old Trafford incident, which was not seen by referee Michael Oliver so not included in his report.
The incidents occurred after a fiery end to the much-anticipated derby clash.
An already feverish atmosphere threatened to boil over on the pitch in the closing minutes when United midfielder Ander Herrera was booked for diving in the box after a tackle by City defender Nicolas Otamendi.
"It is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game," said Mourinho.
Most neutral pundits, however, agreed with Oliver's decision.
City won with goals from David Silva and Otamendi, with Marcus Rashford replying for United. The victory was City's 14th in succession in the Premier League and extended their lead at the top of the table to 11 points.
Mourinho conceded afterwards that City's advantage in the title race was now at a "significant distance".
Asked if it could be clawed back, he said: "I don't know. We are going to work and fight for it. That is the only thing I say."
Having no time for Mourinho's moans, City manager Pep Guardiola said: "We won because we were better, in all departments."
Neither club has commented on what happened after the match yet.
126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin (Photo: Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate)
Many would agree that the heart of the Brandywine Valley rests near the intersection of Adams Dam Road and Route 100, where the verdant vistas, stone fences and farmland are a blend of Brandywine Creek State Park and private estates. Available property here is hard to find, which makes this immaculate home at 126 Adams Dam Road so exceptional. Located on 2 acres, it is surrounded on three sides by the state park and has uninterrupted views of the rolling hills.
126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin (Photo: Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate)
Don't expect a farmhouse with cramped rooms. This home has an open, modern layout. Described as a “raised ranch,” the floor plan has just five steps leading to a partial second floor that contains four bedrooms. (A fifth is on the finished lower level.)
The current owners undertook massive renovations soon after moving into the home to update and enhance the ambiance, layout and systems. The end result is a home designed for smart everyday living and easy entertaining.
Situated across from the state park entrance, the property has a courtyard-like entrance with a circular drive for plenty of parking. Note the durable clay tile roof and handsome double front doors.
126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin (Photo: Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate)
Inside, the grand entrance hall has gleaming tile floors. (The entire home has radiant heated flooring and every room has own thermostat.) Original wood latticework delineates the formal living spaces while still allowing guests to see into one room from the other. A powder room down the entrance hall boasts faux finished walls and an Old World-style vanity.
Santos cherry mahogany floors shine in the living room and formal dining room, which have open arched entrances into a sunroom so large that there is a seating area and another dining area.
The owners took their time picking the tile accent rail and the sconces on the sunroom wall—everything had to be perfect. A bank of windows with sliders looks out on the terrace and the landscaped backyard, making this a restful space to sit and socialize no matter the season. (Owners have replaced all the windows with Marvin or Pella products.)
126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin (Photo: Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate)
The kitchen project, which was truly a labor of love, included the raising of the ceiling to 12 feet and the painstaking search for granite with a sense of continuous motion. Beautiful cabinetry includes a built-in china cabinet on one wall and a contrasting island with lots of storage space. Wraparound cabinets lead to a coffee and bar area with its own sink, a 24-bottle Sub-Zero wine fridge, a refrigerator drawer and a freezer drawer.
Other high-end appliances include a Wolf six-burner gas stove with grill and pot-filler faucet, a Sub-Zero fridge, Wolf double ovens and an Asko dishwasher. A walk-in pantry provides more room for dry goods and serving dishes, although there's already a copious amount of storage in the cabinets.
The adjoining family room, which also has 12-foot ceilings, has a raised wood-burning fireplace, built-in bookcases and French doors leading to a private outdoor area.
126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin (Photo: Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate)
The main outdoor living space is perfect for parties, from formal receptions to casual barbecues. A dramatic stone wall defines the perimeter, and on one side, a custom built fountain is perched above a round swimming pool with built-in benches. Its delightful gurgle creates a sense of calmness only enhanced by the rural landscape that surrounds the property. Strategically placed outdoor lights and an indoor/outdoor sound system can create the perfect mood for parties.
Back inside, reach the partial second level via steps covered in Jerusalem tile and flanked by custom wrought iron and brass railings. To the left is the owner's suite, which has numerous closets and built-in drawers. The private bathroom, linked to the dressing room and bedroom, features a Jacuzzi tub and separate shower. Two bedrooms share a Jack-and-Jill bathroom, and the fourth has its own bathroom and a balcony with spiral stairs leading to the backyard. This floor also has a walk-in cedar closet and laundry room.
Owners also finished the lower level, where there is a private space for a fifth bedroom and a spacious full bathroom. There's room for billiards and game tables near the kitchen, which has a microwave, oven, full-sized fridge, sink, dishwasher and 45-bottle wine fridge. Near the bathroom is a space that the owner's use as a gym. A six-seat theater with a 100-inch screen and projector completes this entertainment hub. However, this level could also serve as an au pair or in-law suite.
French doors under an elegant arch lead to a level custom stone patio with a stone bench. The property has been graded with custom drains and a catch basin to efficiently take care of runoff and keep the lower level dry.
126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin (Photo: Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate)
This home has not only experienced significant improvements but it's also been lovingly maintained. The stucco exterior was redone in 2008. The water supply to the kitchen and bathrooms flows through PEX tubing to avoid metal-oxides in the water. There is a high-efficiency boiler, 1,000-gallon stainless steel oil tank and 1,000-gallon stainless steel propane tank. The HVAC was replaced in 2005. A large-capacity generator can handle most of the home if needed.
Few residences in this area have bragging rights to so much form and function. This is the home for those who want a classic location and modern conveniences.
LOCATION: 126 Adams Dam Road, Montchanin
STYLE: One-and-half-story raised ranch on 2 acres; 5 BR, 4.1 b; two-car garage
PRICE: $1,495,000
SCHOOL DISTRICT: Red Clay and near Tower Hill School, Wilmington Friends and other private schools
NEARBY SHOPPING LOCATIONS: Route 202, Greenville
DIRECTIONS: North on Route 100 to stop sign on Adams Dam Road. Right on Adams Dam Road. First house on the right across from the entrance to the park.
For more information, call Shana Delcollo or Diane Salvatore with The Delcollo & Salvatore Real Estate Team of Patterson Schwartz Real Estate at (302) 275-8509. Or visit: DelcolloSalvatoreRealEstate.com.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/marketplace/real-estate/2017/10/06/brandywine-valley-beauty/740406001/
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
OTTAWA — The governments of Canada, Ontario and Quebec are partnering with some of the world's digital heavyweights to usher in the next generation of wireless technology.
A $400-million public-private investment will create a corridor of 5G wireless test beds through Canada's two largest provinces, aimed at giving companies a chance to experiment with new ideas and products that are only now becoming possible thanks to recent breakthroughs in telecommunication technology.
While many estimates it will take years before 5G is widely rolled out to the Canadian mass market, it's being billed as the wireless backbone to futuristic technologies including driverless cars, remotely controlled complex surgeries, and download speeds up to 100 times faster than today's 4G networks.
"5G is the gateway to the future and we are just on the brink of this technological revolution," Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains said Monday at a funding announcement in Ottawa.
The new project is called ENCQOR — Evolution of Networked Services through a Corridor in Quebec and Ontario for Research and Innovation — and will allow an estimated 1,000 small and medium-sized businesses to plug into an early 5G platform for research and development.
Ontario, Quebec and the federal government have each pledged about $67 million, while the remaining $200 million will come from five private-sector partners. Ericsson, Ciena Canada, Thales Canada, IBM Canada and CGI will lead the public-private partnership, which is expected to "secure" more than 4,000 jobs, 1,800 of which will be specialized in 5G.
Karl Sasseville, a spokesman for Bains, clarified that those jobs are made up of existing positions within the five private-sector partners that will be repurposed for the project.
Borje Ekholm, CEO of Swedish telecom giant Ericsson, said Canada is "leapfrogging" to the front of 5G technology with its commitment to wireless innovation. When people think of national infrastructure they often think of roads and streets, Ekholm said.
"We believe the future highways will all be digital," he said.
Ekholm said he expects the test-bed technology to be deployed later this year and become operational by early 2019.
Roelant Oltmans' job safe despite poor Champions Trophy outing: PHF
The Dutch coach has been blamed heavily for Pakistan's underwhelming performance in the tournament
Karachi, Jul 4 (PTI) Under-fire Pakistan hockey coach, Roelant Oltmans, will continue to remain at the helm despite critics calling for his head in the aftermath of the national team's last-place finish at the just-concluded Champions Trophy in Breda, Netherlands.
The Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF) has lent its support to the Dutchman, who is facing severe criticism from former players after Pakistan finished with just a win over Olympic champions Argentina in the final edition of the prestigious six-nation event.
Former international player Zahid Sharif blamed Oltmans for the disappointing performance in the Champions Trophy and even accused him of fixing the round robin match against India.
"He (Oltmans) has been with the Indian hockey team and the Federation for a long time and his decision to withdraw the goalkeeper against India was to fix the match and allow the Indians to win," Sharif alleged.
Former Olympian and captain Samiullah warned that if the performances of Pakistan in the Champions Trophy were an indicator, he feared the national team would even find it hard to beat minnows like Thailand and China in the Asian Games in August.
"I see no improvement in this team at all. We just went from bad to worse. The experiment with handing over all charge to Oltmans and his foreign coaches has not worked at all," he lamented.
The PHF, however, has not bothered to take these allegations seriously. PHF officials have expressed overall satisfaction with the performance of the team, although Pakistan won just one game in the competition.
A PHF official said that Oltmans had been in charge of the team just for four months and in two events and it would be unfair to judge him on that basis.
"There is no going back. Oltmans will remain in charge for the coming Asian Games and World Cup, the official said.
Veteran Pakistan goalkeeper, Imran Butt, too, backed Oltmans, who has decided to remain back in the Netherlands for a few days.
"True we finished last but we put up good showings against top teams and there are visible signs of improvement in our set-up and thinking now," Butt said.
Pakistan's caretaker government, however, has taken the team's poor show very seriously and have asked the PHF for a detailed report, warning them that special grants for hockey could be stopped immediately.
Meanwhile, the Pakistani players made a quiet return home from the Netherlands last night amidst growing calls for the sacking of Dutch head coach and other support staff
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Allardyce may not be loved by Everton fans, but Michael Keane has credited him for helping him through his baptism of fire.
Keane struggled to live up to his £25million fee as Everton's form collapsed in the first half of the season and he admits it was tough dealing with the first major setback in his career.
The former Burnley centre-half is returning to his best under Allardyce and says the Blues boss has helped him understand his role better.
“I felt comfortable at Everton straight away,” said Keane. “I settled in nicely, but then things did not go well for the team for a few months.
“It was a tough period for everyone and I was part of that. Hopefully I'm coming out of that now and I feel I have been doing consistently well over the past month or so.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
“Those tough experiences can only make you stronger and more determined not to go through the same thing again.
“I've been a lot more settled since the manager came in and I know what my role is in the team.
“You want to be clear-minded and understand your role and responsibilities going into a game. That's how it is with the manager here.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Keane, 25, says he has also learnt from old heads, such as skipper Phil Jagielka and Ashley Williams.
“There are people at the club who have a lot of experience, the likes of Jags and Ash, Leighton Baines as well, and I take things from them,” he said.
“They speak a lot of sense about the game and just watching them in training every day, I feel I can take little bits from them.
“Analysing my own game is important. I know what I am good at and what I can do better.”
(Image: AFP)
Keane's loss of form has cost him his England place and ironically ex-Clarets team-mate James Tarkowski, who replaced him at Turf Moor, took his spot in Gareth Southgate's last squad.
Yet the former Manchester United trainee refuses to give up on his World Cup dream and Southgate witnessed his solid display in the Merseyside derby earlier this month.
“While I was really disappointed not to be in the last England squad, it just gives you the motivation to work harder and want to get into the next one,” he said.
“I feel like I'm still in the manager's thoughts for the World Cup. I've been in a lot of squads in the past year or two. I know if I play to my ability for the rest of the season, I will have a good chance. It's up to me to do that.”
If you can't hear, you're not truly living.
This is my personal experience. It is something that creeps up on most people as they age. It begins by saying,”Pardon me,” or, ”Would you mind speaking a little louder?” It comes to a head when you accuse your spouse of always shouting at you. When she responds, “You need a hearing aid,” you know the game is over.
For us seniors, this is a justice issue. Would you believe, I invited a 100-year-young lady who used to teach English in Salmon Arm, to critique this letter. More and more of us are living 25+ years after we have lost our hearing. We would like to continue to be part of society, not dumped on the scrap heap. Many of us have hearing aids, but they are not all that good. Some of us learn to cope by lip-reading, or pretending that we do hear. Then someone repeats the question, so we simply withdraw into our own little world. But it doesn't have to be that way. There are other options.
New technology is being developed everyday. Imagine, you can touch a small brooch-like gadget attached to your shirt, and say,” Hi, Siri, call Mom,” and within 10 seconds Mom is speaking to you right in your ear. “ Impossible,” you say?
Come, find out for yourself. An experiential workshop, sponsored by: Deo Lutheran and First United churches; Shuswap immigrant services; and MacQuarrie Institute; titled,” Keep us in the LOOP,” is scheduled for Oct. 20, at First United Church.
You will be truly amazed when you try on the latest equipment. The workshop is free. Register early as there is limited room. Call 250-804-2726.
Dan MacQuarrie
"Oklahoma's louder, A&M's louder, Texas is on the bubble, Nebraska was definitely louder. ... LSU's is louder. I never went to Alabama. We beat Alabama, but it was at Kentucky," he said. "Depending on or not whether you add the cowbells, Mississippi State's comparable, Georgia's louder, Florida's louder. Definitely that one end zone of South Carolina's louder. Tennessee's louder."
"Little Rock Arkansas, that's the loudest place I ever played. Entirely concrete structure. It's as if you held a football game in the neighbour's basement and all the kids were yelling louder than hell," he added.
The Cougars have piped in noise at practice to prepare. Leach said the team is always working on its nonverbal communications.
ANOTHER LEACHISM: Washington State fans rushed the field in Pullman following Friday night's victory, and Leach drew laughs when he described the celebration.
"It's like Woodstock, except everybody's got their clothes on," he said.
In the end, though, the Pac-12 fined Washington State $25,000 for the postgame celebration. The league cited safety in adopting a rule last year on fines for both court and field storming.
WOUNDED DUCKS: In addition to Herbert, the Ducks lost running back Royce Freeman and receiver Dillon Mitchell to injury in the first half against Cal. Both Freeman and Mitchell are starters. Oregon was already missing receiver Charles Nelson because of a right ankle sprain.
Taggart officially listed those players as "day-to-day" earlier in the week, although Freeman practiced on Thursday. Herbert's broken collarbone will keep him out for "a while," the coach said.
Junior linebacker Kaulana Apelu fractured his ankle against the Golden Bears and is out for the season.
CHEESEBURGER, CHEESEBURGER: What does going on the road mean to Cougars running back Jamal Morrow? Cheeseburgers.
The team is treated to burgers on its Alaska Airlines flights for road games. "I'm really excited to play an away game," Morrow said.
___
AP Sports Writer Nick Geranios in Washington contributed to this report.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. — A video of a Kentucky man using Walmart's intercom system to ask for help has gone viral.
Forrest Hunter posted the video to Facebook on Friday and it already has 39,000 shares and 1.9 million views as of Tuesday afternoon.
The video, captioned “When you get sick of waiting on somebody at Walmart,” shows Hunter in the sporting goods section of the store. He picks up the store telephone and uses the intercom.
“Customer needs assistance in sporting goods please. I'm the customer,” he said.
Hunter told WKYT a Walmart associate came over to help him afterward and was a little embarrassed. He said he didn't get in any trouble for using the intercom.
WWE News: Jerry Lawler claims he's wrestled over 100 matches since his heart attack
The King doesn't look to be slowing down any time soon.
@JamesJVaccaro by Jamie Vaccaro News 15 Feb 2017, 14:28 IST
WWE Hall of Famer, Jerry Lawler
What's the story?
According to a story from prowrestlingsheet.com by Ryan Satin, Jerry Lawler doesn't have plans to retire from the ring anytime soon. Here is the video of Lawler's interview with Bill Apter.
In case you didn't know...
Before his career as a color commentator, Jerry Lawler was one of the most popular wrestlers in the United States. Throughout his career, Jerry Lawler had 168 different Championship reigns throughout all of the territories he worked in. Lawler still wrestles occasionally on the independent circuit.
Most recently, Jerry Lawler was part of an angle on Smackdown! Live that saw Dolph Ziggler superkick him in the chest, playing back to the heart attack that Lawler suffered on-air in 2012, after a match in which Lawler partnered with Randy Orton to defeat CM Punk and Dolph Ziggler.
Lawler was also part of the commentary team for the 2017 Royal Rumble match.
The heart of the matter
Lawler said that he got into the professional wrestling business to wrestle, not to be a color commentator. Jerry was recently interviewed by Bill Apter, who is one of the most prominent wrestling writers in the industry.
“I still love to climb in the ring as often as possible because, simply, that's why I got into this business. I never started in this business thinking about being a commentator or doing announcing in wrestling matches, I got into this business to wrestle.”
Lawler also noted that the commentary part of his career just kind of fell into his lap. Lawler also revealed that he will take part in WrestleMania weekend this year. He also added that he has wrestled in about 134 matches since suffering a heart attack during Monday Night Raw in 2012.
When asked about wrestling in regards to his health, Lawler stated that wrestling and being active was great for your heart.
What's next?
According to the interview, Jerry Lawler will be part of WrestleMania festivities during the last week of March and the first weekend in April.
Sportskeeda's take
If you can do what you love, and you're medically cleared to do so, why should anything stop you?
“Bullet” Bob Armstrong wrestled in a match last year at the age of 76! (For reference, Armstrong is 10 years older than Lawler, who is 67 at the moment.) If Lawler is in good health and gets clearance from doctors to do what he loves, he should absolutely continue to do so until he doesn't want to get in the ring anymore.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Online shopping in South Korea reached a fresh record high in November, a government report showed Monday, in the latest sign that a growing number of South Koreans are using computers or mobile devices to buy goods.Total online transactions reached a record 6 trillion won ($4.9 billion) in November, up 23 percent from a year earlier, according to the report compiled by Statistics Korea.Purchases made through smartphones, tablets and other mobile gadgets also soared 40.5 percent on-year to a record 3.4 trillion won, accounting for 56.4 percent of all online sales in November.Demand for clothes jumped 31.6 percent on-year to 887.9 billion won and online sales of cosmetics surged 44.4 percent to 480.9 billion won, while online food delivery vaulted 37.1 percent to 573.1 billion won. (Yonhap)
How These Entrepreneurs Managed Team Dynamics As Their Companies Grew
Often, it's easy for a small startup team to work together effectively. It's only when the company grows that the troubles begin.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Barton Hill man faces a jail sentence of at least 15 years after being convicted of raping an unconscious woman.
The woman claimed Muhammad Ali raped her when she was sedated on the tranquiliser Valium, a form of diazepam.
She told police she found a video on her phone of Ali having sex with her while she was unconscious.
Bristol Crown Court was told the 34-year-old defendant also recorded the abuse on his own mobile phone, where police found video and pictures of his offences.
Ali, of Canterbury Street, denied four charges of rape.
On Friday, February 2 a jury of six men and six women convicted him of one rape charge, after just over five hours of deliberation. The jury cleared him of the other three charges.
Judge Julian Lambert remanded Ali in custody until he is sentenced at a later date.
The judge told Ali he was considering a starting point of 15 years. The maximum jail term for rape is life.
(Image: Google)
During the trial, the jury watched a video interview the complainant had with police.
She described how she woke one day in November 2016 with sore private parts.
She told police: “I was scrolling through my phone and I watched a video.
“I was laid on my front.
“I heard him (Ali) saying ‘I'm f-ing you when you're asleep'
“He was sleeping with me from behind and I just felt really sick.”
The woman said that at one point she was so sedated she was drifting in and out of consciousness as Ali abused her.
During the trial the jury had to look at the video and stills retrieved from Ali's phone and his victim's phone.
The woman claimed that at one point Ali spat in her mouth and called her a “dirty slag”.
Ali had claimed the woman had given her consent for him to have sex with her while she was asleep, telling the jury she told him: "Do what you want".
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City chief executive Mark Ashton has been speaking about the successes of the January transfer window for the Robins.
Lee Johnson brought in three players to strengthen his side's play-off aspirations and the club managed to keep hold of their best players despite strong interest from a host of Premier League.
Speaking ahead of last night's 1-0 defeat to Bolton Wanderers, Ashton told BBC Radio Bristol that it was a job well done for the Robins.
He said: "I'm glad we got through the window, in what I would consider, decent shape.
"We had done a lot our work early in the window, with both ins and outs, and we made it very clear that we no intention of selling the players we wanted to keep and we achieved that. Our big guns all stayed which gives us a good competitive chance for the rest of the season.
"We had three principal targets at the start of the window and we landed them so all in all a good window."
Asked whether any clubs made late bids for the club's best players, Ashton explained how a long-term approach had prevented any major departures.
He added: "No club tested our patience as I think in December we met with our key players, representatives and made it very clear to the industry that we were not a selling club. When we got to January people knew what we were about, we were solid.
"I like to think there is respect between clubs, you can never say that a silly bid isn't going to come in but we sent out the right message and put ourselves in a strong position.
"As delighted I am with the three players we have got in, I am delighted that we retained the players we wanted to."
"I'm happy with the way we got through the window. We wanted to be competitive for the rest of the season and I think we have achieved that."
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo may land 12-match ban after referee shove
Cristiano Ronaldo could be hit with a 12-match ban after shoving the referee in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 13:43 IST
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo
Cristiano Ronaldo is facing up to the possibility of a 12-match ban after his shove on referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea during Real Madrid's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana win over Barcelona.
The Portugal star endured a dramatic outing at Camp Nou on Sunday, coming off the bench to score before getting booked for removing his shirt in celebration.
He took a tumble in the box soon after and earned a second yellow card for an apparent dive, but Ronaldo allowed his anger to get the better of him as he pushed the official, who then included the incident in his match report.
"Player: Cristiano Ronaldo Dos Santos Aveiro. Once the red card was shown, the player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement," wrote the referee.
That leaves Ronaldo open to sanction under Article 96 of the Royal Spanish Football Federation's (RFEF) laws, which recommends a suspension of 4-12 matches for players found to "grab, push or shake" an official in a manner that is "slightly violent".
The 32-year-old is already due to serve a one-game ban following his dismissal. If the RFEF's competition committee applies a suspension of five games or more it will apply to all domestic matches. If the ban is four games or fewer, it will apply solely to the Super Cup.
Madrid host Barça in the second leg on Wednesday and begin their LaLiga title defence at Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday.
Market Overview:
Active Alumina is widely used in the end-user industries such as oil & gas, plastic industry, and healthcare among others. The Global Active Alumina Market is spanned across five regions of the world namely, Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific holds a major share of the global market and is projected to continue leading owing to the growing developments and industrialization in the developing countries of the region. The major countries attributing to this growth are Japan, China, and India. The growing population in the region has augmented the need for clean and safe water, which, in turn, is expected to boost the market growth during the forecast years. Moreover, the growing oil & gas sector mainly in India and China has positively impacted the Active Alumina Market Growth.
North America is dominating the market and is expected to retain its dominance over the forecast period. The developed end-use industry coupled with the increasing adoption rate is the major factor driving the market growth. Moreover, the increasing oil and gas activities post the shale gas boom is further expected to boost the market growth. European market of Active Alumina is set to grow at a steady pace during the forecast period. The developed healthcare sector has propelled the use of Active Alumina, especially in the bone and dental replacements. The key countries contributing to the growth of the market in this region are Germany, the U.K, and France.
Get a Sample Report for Brief Overview @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5593
Segmentation
The Global Activated Alumina Market is segmented into the application and end-user industry. On the basis of the application, the market is segmented into catalysts, desiccants, fluoride adsorbents, bioceramics, and others. On the basis of end-use industries, the Global Activated Alumina Market can be further bifurcated into oil & gas, water treatment industry, plastic industry, healthcare, and others.
Competitive Analysis
Some of the prominent players operating in the Global Activated Alumina Market are BASF SE (Germany), Honeywell International Inc (U.S.), Sumitomo Chemical Co (Japan), Porocel Industries LLC (U.S.), Dynamic Adsorbents Inc (U.S.)., Axens SA (U.S.), Shandong Zhongxin New Material Technology Co., Ltd (China), Huber Engineered Materials (U.S.), Jiangxi Sanxin Hi-Tech Ceramics Co., Ltd (China), Sialca Industries (India), and AGC Chemicals Pvt. Ltd (India)., among others.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/activated-alumina-market-5593
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
[Chicago Tribune] Pastors and politics: How to revise the rules against campaigning by churches
Donald Trump would once have been thought an unlikely champion of religious freedom. But he staked out his claim at this year's National Prayer Breakfast, vowing to liberate churches to use their voices in political campaigns. His administration, he promised, would “get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution.”
If you're not familiar with the Johnson Amendment, join a big club. It's an obscure tax law passed in 1954 under the sponsorship of a Texas Democratic senator named Lyndon B. Johnson and signed by Republican President Dwight Eisenhower. It bars tax-exempt churches and other charitable groups from “directly or indirectly participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for elective public office,” as the Internal Revenue Service explains. If they violate the rule, they can lose their tax exemption.
What's wrong with that restriction? Trump sees it as a gross infringement on the rights of the faithful. “Everybody in this country has freedom of speech, except for you,” he has told pastors. He has a point. But the risk of speaking out in a campaign isn't a jail sentence. It's merely the loss of a tax prerogative that the federal government has extended.
There is an excellent reason not to scrap the policy outright. Killing it would mean Americans could contribute unlimited sums to their churches for electioneering — and deduct the amount on their tax returns. It would privilege them over other political organizations, which can't offer such an incentive. It would effectively grant them subsidies for campaign activities, paid for by other taxpayers.
It could turn churches into the equivalent of super political action committees — and encourage super PACs to turn themselves into ostensibly charitable groups. The issue, as University of Virginia law professor Douglas Laycock told us, is preserving “a level playing field for the tax and regulatory treatment of political spending.”
Keep in mind that under the Johnson Amendment, churches are free to provide voter education sessions, do registration drives and invite candidates to speak. Members of the clergy have the complete freedom to rail against abortion rights, racial discrimination or immigration laws. Some, like Chicago activist the Rev. Michael Pfleger, don't seem to feel inhibited by it. And some clergy are grateful for the law, because it shields them from pressure to get involved in campaigns. Torching it “would usher our partisan divisions into the pews,” Amanda Tyler, executive director of the Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty, told the New York Times.
But the law as written does indeed sweep too broadly. To prevent churches from becoming engines of political spending is one thing. To penalize a minister for expressing a preference for one candidate in the course of a sermon is another. Most proposals to reform the Johnson Amendment keep the first limit while dispensing with the second.
In practice, the IRS appears to have already adopted this policy, more or less. Some pastors have invited action by preaching sermons that endorse candidates and even sending recordings to the agency. But it rarely takes action. Not since 1995 has it stripped a church of its tax exemption because of electioneering.
The Alliance Defending Freedom, a group that has long opposed the rule, has not gone as far as Trump did. It has endorsed legislation in the US Congress that would permit statements made “in the ordinary course of the organization's regular and customary activities” that involve no significant extra expenses — such as a pastor in the pulpit telling parishioners to go vote for Brother Smith.
That represents a sensible improvement in fundamentally wise policy. Trump has good reason to complain about the Johnson Amendment. We trust the legislature will keep him from taking a legitimate objection and getting carried away.
Editorial by Chicago Tribune
(Tribune Content Agency)
Has your young child ever asked you a question you just can't answer? You're not alone - nearly half of parents admit they often struggle to answer their youngster's tricky questions.
So what's the solution? Around 50% of parents confess to turning to the internet in the hope of finding an answer, while a third just make it up. The survey, by Argos' Chad Valley Toys, found children under six ask an average 73 questions a day - meaning a lot of Googling and on-the-spot answers for mums and dads!
Child psychologist Dr Sam Wass, from Channel 4's The Secret Life Of 4/5/6 Year Olds, says: "As children grow up, it's natural to be curious about the world around them, and as parents, it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.
"Using educational and visual aids, such as toys, can help soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects," he advises. "Familiar items can often help children's understanding."
To help parents withstand the daily question onslaught a little more easily, Dr Wass has come up with some handy replies for some of the toughest queries.
Here's how to answer nine of the most challenging kids' questions...
1. Is Father Christmas real?
On this question, you're often playing catch-up to what they've heard in the playground. "So much of childhood is losing its innocence, so we try to keep hold of what we can," says Dr Wass.
Ask them what they think, and if they suggest reasons Father Christmas is or isn't real, discuss these with them - and perhaps ask how mummy and daddy could possibly afford all their presents if Father Christmas didn't provide them.
2. Why do people die?
It can be tempting to soften the truth about death with a child. But telling them something like, 'Granny went to sleep', can backfire and cause more confusion later.
Often, grasping death in the context of nature can help: Compare a person's life to a tree's leaves, which bloom in the spring, then change colour and eventually die in the autumn. Or through animals dying, which for many children is their first experience of death.
If someone close dies, perhaps say something like: 'Granny was very old and sick. She doesn't talk or eat or breathe any more, and we won't see her again. But the love we had for her will stay with us forever.'
3. Where did I come from?
For many children, 'from mummy's tummy' is an answer that satisfies them for years.
If they ask, 'How did I get into mummy's tummy?', go for something like: 'Daddy has seeds inside him called sperm. Mummy has eggs inside her instead. When grown-ups make a baby, the sperm from daddy needs to get to mummy's womb, so one can join up with the egg and fertilise it. That's the start of a new baby.'
4. What is God?
Don't be afraid to tell your child what you, personally, believe is the answer. It can also help to explain that different people have very different opinions on whether God exists, and, if so, what God is like.
5. What does 'we can't afford it' mean?
The answer depends on the age of the child. For an older child, this can be an opportunity to discuss why some people have more money than others. But for a younger child, it might be better to teach about budgeting, and planning, their resources. Tell them everybody has to decide what they most want, and has to save their money for important things.
6. Why do I have to go to school?
If your child asks this question a lot, try to find out why. If they just ask once, say school helps them practise using their brain, and make them aware of what they can use their brain for. Remind your child that mummy and/or daddy also have to go to work, to use their brain and earn money.
7. When you die who will I live with?
Reassure your child that it's very unlikely you're going to die soon, but tell them what would happen to them if you did, and that they'd live with someone they loved and trusted.
8. Why is the sky blue?
You need to know a bit of basic science for this one: Light from the sun looks white, but it's made from all the colours of the rainbow. The light travels in waves of different lengths, which are reflected off tiny bits of dust and other very small particles in the earth's atmosphere. Because blue light waves are shorter, they're more likely to hit the dust and other particles, and get reflected down to earth, making the sky look blue.
9. Why can't I stay up as late as you?
My instinct would be to use this an opportunity to teach a child about sleep.
Explain that sleep lets our bodies and brains rest, and when we're asleep and lying flat, our bones can grow. Because adults have stopped growing, children need more sleep than them.
Plus, when we sleep, our brains tidy themselves up and reorganise what we've learned during the day.
Children are learning new things very fast. For example, the average child learns 10 new words a day. Adults don't learn so fast, because they already know their words.
"I was a little bit surprised, but in a way both teams have a big game tonight so it's nice to have a little bit more of a break and maybe that's what they were thinking," said Jones, who has Shannon Birchard as a third — filling in for Kaitlyn Lawes playing mixed doubles in the upcoming Winter Olympics — second Jill Officer and lead Dawn McEwen on her team.
Jones had a 3-1 lead after four ends. Alberta scored one more point in the fifth end, then Manitoba rattled off three straight points.
In other playoff action, Nova Scotia's Mary-Anne Arsenault (8-2) scored a triple in the eighth end to put a dagger into B.C.'s Kesa Van Osch (4-6), 10-4.
Arsenault said she can't complain as everyone on her team is playing well and they secured a spot into the Page playoff.
"We seemed to have a bit of a lull in the middle ends where we didn't get our rocks perfectly placed, but luckily the other team wasn't able to take advantage of our error," said Arsenault, who plays with Christina Black (third), Jennifer Baxter (second) and lead Jennifer Crouse.
Nova Scotia doesn't plan to change how it plays and would like to continue getting early leads they can defend.
"It would be sweet if we could do that again," said Arsenault, who has received words of advice from former teammates.
Arsenault recently said one of the things she learned while playing for Colleen Jones, a six-time Scotties champ, is that patience is a "huge thing."
"She had the patience," said Arsenault, who won five Scotties with Jones. "No panicking. Just be patient. Be strong in the eighth, ninth and 10th. As long as the game is close and you play well in the eighth, ninth and 10th, you're probably going to win."
The top four teams advance to the Page playoff on Saturday. Semifinal and final action is on Sunday.
By Emanuel Sequeira, The Canadian Press
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index followed U.S. markets into the red as a Federal Reserve meeting looms and declines at Facebook over improper data use weighed on the tech sector.
The S&P/TSX composite index closed down 121.94 points to 15,589.39, led by declines in energy and base metals.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 335.60 points to 24,610.91. The S&P 500 index was down 39.09 points to 2,712.92 and the Nasdaq composite index was down 137.75 points to 7,344.24.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 76.46 cents US, up 0.05 of a US cent.
Brute Gains The chapters about nutrition are lots more useful and you will build muscle if you follow the theory taught however e-book. "No-Nonsense Muscle Building" has been used by university academics instead textbook for nutrition, since it is so concise and simple to grasp.
Sleep - When you are strength practicing the 1st stage it is very important to be certain that that the entire body is having the rest not wearing running shoes needs. Muscle Building Review Rrt'll ordinarily experience excess products you're taking previous in order to!
It is naturally occurring. The main factor that realize is that creatine occurs naturally within your body. It is an all-natural component your skeletal muscle mass produce. Is actually does is supply the muscle cells the energy they will be able to operate to info about the subject that they can. While it is true that all cells get their energy from such things as carbohydrates, the same also applies creatine in the instant it also is really a source for cellular energy.
For men and gaining muscle you want to pay attention to doing extraordinarily high weight and fewer reps. You just about be obliged to max out (meaning sort of lift the weight one more time) on majority of your last reps. https://gomusclebuilding.com/brute-gains/
Athletics: Obiri wins 5,000 metres with astonishing last lap
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 08:38 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 5000 meters victory ceremony – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Almaz Ayana (silver) of Ethiopia, Hellen Onsando Obiri (gold) of Kenya and Sifan Hassan (bronze) of the Netherlands stand on the podium. REUTERS/Matthew Childs
By Brian Homewood
LONDON (Reuters) - Kenyan Hellen Obiri produced an astonishing last lap to leave defending champion Almaz Ayana in her wake as she won the women's 5,000 metres at the World Athletics Championships and claimed her first major title on Sunday.
Ethiopia's Ayana, who led Obiri for more than half the race, was denied a double after winning the 10,000 metres with a devastating run earlier at the championships.
The pair broke clear of the pack after one third of the race and opened up a huge gap as they set a blistering pace.
Ayana led with Obiri on her shoulder into the final lap until the Kenyan, silver medallist in Rio de Janeiro last year, burst past with 300 metres left and stormed home to win in 14:34.86, more than five seconds clear of her rival.
Sifan Hassan of the Netherlands prevented an East African clean sweep by taking the bronze.
"I was telling myself to go. I could see Ayana was not going so I thought, why not?" said Obiri. "I am mentally strong so I knew I was capable."
It was always going to be an enthralling contest.
Obiri, 27, has steadily moved closer to a major title over the course of he career and had won all of her races this summer over 5,000 metres, clocking the fastest time of the year when she ran 14:18.37 in Rome.
Ayana was bronze medallist over the distance in Rio where she also won the 10,000 metres and set a world record. She has been plagued by injury this season and the 10,000 race on Aug.5 was her first of the season.
Obiri did not run the 10,000 metres last week and her decision to concentrate on the shorter distance paid off.
There was a cagey start with the first 400 metres taking a painfully slow 81 seconds before Ayana and Obiri took control.
Ayana seized the initiative with nine laps left, Obiri followed and after steadily increasing the gap, they were more than 50 metres clear with four to go.
The Ethiopian tried several times to pull away but Obiri responded each time before producing her deadly final push.
"It was a difficult race. I am better at leading it to get the win rather than challenging in a final sprint. It was difficult to push Hellen through to the finish line," said Ayana.
"Compared to Rio this is a bigger achievement. I've had many injuries this year so I am very happy with two medals."
(Editing by Ed Osmond/Rex Gowar)
A teenager was sexually assaulted by a man on a train in Weston-super-Mare.
The 19-year-old woman was travelling to Taunton when a group of four men and a woman boarded.
According to police, as the train approached Highbridge and Burnham, it jolted and one of the men from the group fell into the woman and then touched her inappropriately.
She shouted by the man continued to sexually assault her.
Members of the public then intervened and he stopped before leaving with the group at Bridgewater.
British Transport Police are now appealing for information following the incident which happened on Saturday, April 8, at around 4.45pm.
Investigating officer, Det Con Amy Perry, said: “I would like to speak to anyone who was on board this train who may have seen or heard what happened, or anyone who knows anything about this group of people or the incident described.
"Other passengers came to the victim's aid so they may be able to help with our enquiries and I would like to speak to them as soon as possible.
"We are working to establish the circumstances of this incident, and the victim is being fully supported by officers as the investigation proceeds.
“Please contact me if you have any information by calling 0800 40 50 40 or texting 61016, quoting reference number 148 18/04/17."
ENTERTAINMENT
A promotional image for the launch of BT21‘s character products (Line Friends)
(BT21`s Twitter)
BT21, a set of characters created by K-pop boy band BTS and Naver's Line Friends, will launch its character products in Seoul and New York.Line Friends said Monday that it would open a pop-up store for the character merchandise at Boon the Shop in Cheongdam-dong, Seoul from Saturday to Jan. 14, 2018. It will also open “BT21 Zone” in its flagship store in New York on Saturday.Character-related merchandise such as dolls, cushions and fashion items will be available at the stores. The Seoul pop-up store will also feature some limited item sets which include postcards and posters of the original drawings by BTS members, BT21's character cushions and bag charms.“We are confident about the successful launch (of the merchandise) as we have constantly received inquiries from the global fans on the BT21 character products since the characters' release,” Line Friends said.The BT21-themed products will become available early next year at Line Friends flagship stores here and its official online store. After their launch at the New York store, the character products will be sold at Line Friends' flagship stores in Japan, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Thailand.Inspired by the drawings of BTS members, BT21 consists of eight characters: seven correlating to each of the seven bandmates -- RJ (Jin), Shooky (Suga), Mang (J-Hope), Koya (RM), Chimmy (Jimin), Tata (V) and Cooky (Jungkook) -- and the final character Van representing the band and its fandom, Army.Since it was first unveiled in September, BT21 enjoyed high popularity, with over 200 million Twitter exposures while their “stickers” (Line App emoji) have been downloaded over 17 million times.By Kim So-yeon ( syk19372@heraldcorp.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vincent Kompany says Belgium will have “no fear” when they face five-time World Cup winners Brazil.
Belgium pulled off a stunning victory, coming from 2-0 down to beat Japan 3-2 in the last 16 to set up a quarter-final clash with the favourites.
But Manchester City skipper Kompany said Belgium's players believe the time has come to fulfil their huge potential and seize their chance.
"For this generation, this is the most important date with history,” said Kompany.
“The great thing about this generation of Belgians is that we're not afraid, that we have faith.
“We live to get the maximum out of this group, out of our potential, and this will be a special match.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
"We knew that with that by getting first place in the group we chose a more difficult route.
"I would have preferred Brazil in the final, but let Friday's match be our final."
Kompany also said his friendship with City team-mate and Brazil striker Gabriel Jesus will be put to one side as they battle each other.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
"I'll give Gabriel a hug before the match, after which the friendship will be over for a while,” said Kompany.
Belgium are blessed with an abundance of attacking talent that includes Premier League trio Eden Hazard, Kevin De Bruyne and Romelu Lukaku.
And Kompany, set to keep his place in defence after making his first start of the tournament against Japan, said Belgium won't change their style against Brazil.
"We have a certain way of playing that always remains the same,” said Kompany.
“We're strong offensively, but Brazil are the strongest team on an individual level that I've seen here.
“Their defenders are solid and they have very strong attackers. But it's a collective sport, so we can do something about that collectively.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For a World of Warcraft card game spin-off, Hearthstone sure has made a name for itself.
And with more than 70 million players worldwide, developers at Blizzard Entertainment must be doing something right.
Yet, unsurprisingly, there's a lot to consider when you're creating a new game for a global audience and a lot more headaches when trying to make it a reality.
In Hearthstone's case one of the unexpected and unique challenges being thrown into the mix of development was languages.
“It's not as simple as just flipping a switch and suddenly we're in Polish”, says art director Ben Thompson as he sits down with us to discuss the games the latest expansion Kobolds and Catacombs.
(Image: Hearthstone)
Thompson reveals his team has learned a lot about localisation from Hearthstone's launch in Thailand last year - a move which caused them to rethink how they designed their cards.
“Going into somewhere like Thailand and Thai as a language has a lot of inherent problems.
“I know our technical artist Kyle Harrison was cursing a lot trying to get the descenders and ascenders, on a language that is very tall, to work where we normally try to keep things to two or three lines on a card now suddenly it becomes cramped even then.
“Little things like that along the way are where we learn a lot in the process of making even individual cards up on to whole set of 135 of those cards.”
Language hasn't been the only unexpected and hard lesson the creative team have had to deal with in the past.
(Image: Hearthstone)
Kobolds and Catacombs, which launched in the UK and Europe on December 7, will see players pick up some of the strongest and most complicated cards in the game's history.
Not only that but it's giving every class a weapon for the first time.
But with the increased complexity and nuances hardcore gamers have been screaming for, Thompson says he still gets reminders to think about new players who might not necessarily want that level of depth.
“I ruined it for my wife early on by actually trying to do the over-the-shoulder experience, thinking I was helping her and it was another eight months before she ever opened the game again.
“I learned from that as well and taking that back to the team and be like 'how did I screw this up? How can we put this in a better way?'”
(Image: Gareth Dutton Photography)
Learning from the experience, he says there are plans to make Hearthstone more accessible and help those new to the game to quickly learn the ropes.
“Certainly, things like Standard and Wild was a big part of that for the game, the idea that as a new player coming in I don't feel compelled to have to collect that back catalogue of over a thousand plus cards has been one way we've addressed that.
“Artistically, I think that approaching it from a whimsical lighthearted viewpoint does make it more applicable to a wider audience,” Thompson explains.
The creative director elaborated further on why humour was so important to the online collectible card.
He says, “I think you get people like my wife for instance or others who are not typically fantasy sci-fi people that can get attracted to this because it's done in a more tongue in cheek lighthearted manner. There's less of a barrier for entry of a fantasy game solely and I think that's been very helpful.”
Adding to the already fully-loaded gameplay of Hearthstone, the latest expansion offers new players a bespoke, completely separate, free-to-play single-player experience called Dungeon Run.
“I think that Kobolds and Catacombs is a great example in the sense that by the introduction of this new solo player content in the form of a dungeon crawl that's a very attainable single player content in that you can just repeat that form of gameplay for just infinite numbers of times and have infinite numbers of experiences and it's a lot of fun for that.”
Kobolds and Catacombs is available now
Anurag Thakur responds to Supreme Court verdict
The ex-BCCI president said that his fight was never personal and was only to protect the autonomy of the BCCI.
@lsinghal11 by Lakshit Singhal Breaking 02 Jan 2017, 17:15 IST
Thakur said that he respects the Supreme Court and accepts the decision
What's the story?
Anurag Thakur has finally responded to the Supreme Court verdict that axed him and Ajay Shirke from their respective posts in the BCCI. Following the verdict, Thakur put up a video on his Twitter handle where he expressed his views and opinions regarding the decision.
My statement on the Supreme Court @BCCI verdict. pic.twitter.com/cXvEx6eIU4 — Anurag Thakur (@ianuragthakur) January 2, 2017
Thakur highlighted the fact that the BCCI is the best-managed sporting association in the country and Indian cricket has seen unprecedented administrative success over the years as a result of this.
He also stated that he respects the Supreme Court and accepts its decision wholeheartedly. The 42-year-old clarified that his fight was never personal and was only to protect the autonomy of the cricket body. According to Thakur, Indian cricket has been doing stupendously over the years and this has been possible because of the support from the BCCI.
In case you didn't know...
The sole managing cricket body in India came under the scanner after an infamous spot-fixing scandal broke out during the 6th edition of the Indian Premier League in 2013. Three players from Rajasthan Royals, namely S. Sreesanth, Ajit Chandila and Ankeet Chavan were booked for intentionally performing certain acts for money.
Increasing unethical practices in the sport forced the Indian judiciary to take control of the proceedings and prompted the Supreme Court to clean up the administration of the sport in the country.
Also read: BCCI vs The Supreme Court: A detailed timeline of everything as it happened
The Court formed the Lodha Committee, headed by the ex-Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, R.M. Lodha, to provide recommendations for reforming the practices of the board. The Committee submitted its recommendations in January last year and the court has been trying to implement ever since then.
The heart of the matter
Earlier on Monday, the Supreme Court sacked BCCI President Anurag Thakur and its Secretary Ajay Shirke for not complying with the Lodha Committee recommendations. The court also served them with show-cause notices asking them to explain why perjury proceedings should not be taken against them.
The Supreme Court, in its order dated July 18, accepted and ratified all the recommendations of the Lodha Committee and ordered the cricket body to implement them in its entirety.
BCCI accepted a few changes but objected to some of the recommendations that included an age-cap on the office bearers and one-state-one-vote policy. Their continuous denial to implement the changes forced the Supreme Court to speed up the reform process.
The matter will be taken up again on January 19, 2017 where the court is likely to have a discussion on the probable names who could act as the BCCI observer.
Sportskeeda's take
This decision is likely to impact cricket governance in India substantially. The judiciary's attempts will not only help clean up the sport but also restore people's faith in the game.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Perrie Edwards always said she was planning to make her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain work, despite him moving 220 miles away.
But it was soon reported the duo saw strain added to their relationship after the former Arsenal midfielder transferred to Liverpool - taking him further away from Perrie who lives in London.
Concerned Little Mix fans noticed a lack of loved-up selfies from Perrie and Alex in recent months.
But after weeks without a social media update about her footballer boyfriend, Perrie has proved that the relationship is still on track - despite the long distance.
Planting a kiss on Alex's cheek in her latest Instagram post, she wrote: "I shall call him SQUISHY and he shall be MINE and he shall be MY squishy!"
(Image: perrieedwards/Instagram)
(Image: perrieedwards/Instagram)
Back in September Perrie, 24, said she was ready for lots of two-hour train journeys to see him.
She said: “I don't think it will be difficult. It's going to be different – but that's not a problem.”
The singer added: “We'll be fine. I'm just really happy for him and very proud.”
(Image: USA Pro)
(Image: PA)
The couple's relationship has gone from strength to strength from when they first started dating in November 2016 - but his latest career move could put more pressure on the couple to take the next step.
Perrie hasn't been shy about going public with her love for the footballer.
She has also come under fire from furious Gunners who have been trolling her Instagram page with the snake emoji for supporting Alex in his transfer.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. (AP) -- The Detroit Lions have re-signed defensive tackle Christian Ringo.
Detroit made the move Monday, addressing a need by adding depth on the defensive line. Ringo has five career tackles and has forced one fumble.
He played in six games for the Lions last season.
Ringo was a reserve in eight games in 2016 with Green Bay. The Packers drafted the former Louisiana-Lafayette standout in the sixth round in 2015.
© REUTERS/ Peter Nicholls
© REUTERS/ Parliament TV
There's an embarrassing lack of hard evidence or credible logic to make the British claims stand up.
whose country has been illegally blowing up countries and killing millions of innocents for decades
It's just too much of a coincidence. The dramatic ramping up of Cold War-like hostility towards Russia by Britain and its NATO allies dovetails with major military setback for these same powers in Syria.The plausible connection is this: the attempted smearing of Russia over the apparent poison-assassination plot in Britain is being used by Britain and the United States to push their desired military intervention in Syria to topple the Assad government.Less coincidence; more synchronicity.In Britain, the apparent poisoning of a former Russian spy living in exile with a nerve agent is being sensationally blamed on Moscow. Moscow has rejected official British allegations that its state agents were responsible for the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal and his daughter in the southern English town of Salisbury on March 4.Suspicion stems from the whirlwind speed with which the British authorities have formulated their charges against Russia through a saturated media campaign.Where's the evidence for the alleged Soviet-era "Novichok" nerve agent that the British authorities claim to have detected? And indeed where exactly are the Skripal father and daughter, reportedly confined to hospital intensive care?Prime Minister Theresa May's dramatic announcement in the House of Commons this week blaming Russia for attempted murder and then expulsion of "Russian spies" from Britain, followed by an unprecedented joint statement of "solidarity" from the leaders of Britain, the US, France and Germany - all suggests a choreographed script to impugn Moscow as an international pariah.It's all sound and fury signifying nothing, as Shakespeare would say.But the wider, unspoken significance may be the huge strategic loss unfolding for Britain and its NATO allies in Syria. For the past month, the Syrian state forces and its Russian ally have been closing in on the last-remaining stronghold of the Western-backed militants occupying the suburb of Eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus.These militant groups - some of whom like al-Nusra Front are internationally proscribed terrorist organizations - have been holding Eastern Ghouta under a reign of terror for the past six years.Today, Western news media can no longer conceal the fact that tens of thousands of civilians are being liberated from terrorist-besieged Eastern Ghouta, just as they were previously in other cities like Aleppo and Homs.In desperation to salvage their regime-change plot, the US and its NATO allies have recently begun threatening to intervene militarily in Syria. The recurring pretext is the alleged use of chemical weapons by Syrian state forces.Earlier this week, American ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley warned that the US would unilaterally order military strikes against the Syrian "regime" on the basis that chemical weapons are allegedly being used against civilians. She said: "We warn any nation that is determined to impose its will through chemical attacks and human suffering, most especially the outlaw Syrian regime, the United States is prepared to act if we must."The British and French have made similar warnings of "striking" Syria over chemical weapons.Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov slammed Haley's remarks about unilateraland unacceptable. "May we remind you that any use of force against Damascus based on far-fetched pretexts is unacceptable," he said.Separately, Russia's top military commander, General Valery Gerasimov, also rebuked the Americans for their proposed military escalation in Syria. He said thatWashington and its British and French allies are intensely chafed by the fact that Russia is thwarting their imperialist scheming in Syria.This is where the chemical-weapon incident in Britain comes into play. The media campaign mounted by the British government is aimed at undermining Russia's moral and legal authority.In drumming up support this week, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson wrote a revealing opinion piece in The Washington Post. Johnson vilified Russian President Vladimir Putin for "reckless defiance of essential international rules." Which is rather nauseating comingAnyway, here's the revealer. Johnson accused Russia of "immense efforts to conceal the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime in Syria". Then he goes on: "How much easier does it become for a state to deploy chemical weapons when its government has already sought to hide their use by others? I would draw a connection between Putin's indulgence of Assad's atrocities in Syria and the Russian state's evident willingness to employ a chemical weapon on British soil."Never mind thatDamascus has repeatedly and unequivocally stated that it has not used these munitions; that its stockpile wasThe groups that have most probably used toxic substances against civilians in Syria are the NATO-sponsored terrorist proxies who have sought to stage "false flag" provocations as pretexts for military intervention by Washington and its allies.The American and British assertion that Russia has "concealed" the use of chemical weapons by Syrian government forces is an obscene distortion of reality -Ironically, the same provocation with chemical weapons is apparently being orchestrated in Britain. Assertion, allegation, innuendo, media saturation, bombast and barefaced lies are again employed to denigrate and demonize.The audacious thing is how the "dramas" are being synchronized in two different countries. Smearing and undermining Russia with alleged chemical-weapon attacks in Britain is being parlayed to over-ride Russia and the UN Security Council with regard to Syria.Taken together, the provocations in Britain and Syria are being engineered to give Washington and its NATO accomplices a license to kill in even greater numbers in Syria for their regime-change objective.
CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo. — Averyl Ugba tossed in 28 points and grabbed eight rebounds, Terry Taylor posted a double-double and Austin Peay cruised to a 96-81 victory over Southeast Missouri State on Saturday.
Taylor, a freshman who finished with 19 points and 12 rebounds for his 10th double-double, buried a 3-pointer on the game's first shot. Ugba scored the next 14 points for the Governors (14-10, 9-3 Ohio Valley Conference), who jumped out to a 17-9 lead on their way to a third straight win. Zach Glotta hit three 3-pointers and scored 19 and Dayton Gumm hit both of his 3-pointers and scored 14. Austin Peay shot 58 per cent from distance (11 of 19).
Ugba and Glotta combined for 27 first-half points, but Denzel Mahoney scored 12 of his team-high 20 points and Ray Kowalski scored all 11 of his points to help the Redhawks (10-15, 4-8) pull within 51-49 at halftime.
Southeast Missouri State whittled the lead down to two points on three straight possessions early in the second half, but Gumm's 3-pointer ignited a 15-2 run and Austin Peay stayed comfortably in front from there. The Governors already have their most conference wins since the 2010-11 season and they are 2-0 in February for the first time since 2007-08.
Eric Dubin: Buying Into A Collective Economic Delusion by Rory – The Daily Coin
The people in charge of the financial and economic systems in the Western world have been able to stave off the Greater Depression for close to a decade. As we report everyday of our existence the system has been showing very severe cracks and dealing with mini implosions over the past several years. We stand-guard every single day for the inevitable transition that must occur. For today, the paper charade, lawlessness and corruption continue to work, but for how much longer will this system be allowed to survive?
I sat down with Eric Dubin to get a glimpse of what he sees as our economy continues to morph into something almost unrecognizable.
I thought it was going to blow this year [2017] For 4-5 years, now, I have been thinking 2017 would the year where the stresses would be too great. The very act of what we have seen that has created the ability for the powers that be to maintain the system and the house of cards that exist today has been a level of credit creation that is absolutely mind boggling. $300 billion per month, at times, through various ways has been pumped into world financial systems. ~Eric Dubin, The Daily Coin
We see other nations building out the necessary infrastructure to move away from the current world reserve currency global trade system. We also see a renegade, Venezuela, step in and shout from the roof tops their nation will leave the world reserve currency system and create a new commodity backed digital currency. If Venezuela actually pulls this off makes it happen – I'm not even sure what type of backlash this would cause. It would certainly have a huge impact on the global currency market and it could possibly be the spark to create global war. Eric offers his insight to this situation and it may be one of the best scenarios to play out for both Russia and China. This would be the distraction needed for China and Russia to put their few remaining pieces of the puzzle in place to take the next step(s) in rolling out a new global trade settlement system.
These various threats to global trade settlement we see arising from governments are the exact same threats we see coming from people around the world. Governments like the nations that form the BRICS, SCO, BRI and EAEU are all putting into place a new system. We also see the people rising up and making their voices heard in the same manner – enter bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market. We are not endorsing or saying that cryptos are going to “save us from the bankers” what we are saying is people around the world are now ready to experiment with just about anything that is not tied to a government (bank) issued currency and are willing to forge their own future. Are cryptos currency? According to Overstock.com and a growing number of companies around the world, bitcoin is in fact currency.
This is a really great show with just enough time for Eric and I to really dig into these topics without taking up too much of your valuable time. We're glad you pushed play and hope you laugh a little as you learn a little something.
﻿
loading...
Sharing is caring!
