CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Antwain Johnson had 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting and Nick King had his seventh double-double of the season to help Middle Tennessee hold off Charlotte for a 78-73 win on Saturday night.
King, a graduate transfer from Alabama, finished with 24 points and 12 rebounds and Johnson added three steals. Tyrik Dixon added 10 points, including a late 3-pointer, on 4-of-5 shooting for Middle Tennessee (18-5, 10-1 Conference USA). The Blue Raiders have won five in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Johnson hit a jumper to give Middle Tennessee a 12-point lead with six minutes to play, Jon Davis scored 10 points during a 14-5 run that trimmed Charlotte's deficit to 73-70 with 1:32 remaining. Dixon answered with a 3 and, after Najee Garvin converted a 3-point play with 49 seconds left, King capped the scoring with two free throws.
Davis had 20 points and Garvin scored 17 for Charlotte (5-16, 1-9).
Middle Tennessee used a 13-3 advantage on the offensive glass to outscore the 49ers 15-5 on second-chance points.
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; he won the point the first time, but not the other.
“I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff,” said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in his legs. “But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, ‘You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' He obviously wasn't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point.”
Donaldson said he has never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. He did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; he remains the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging his shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
“It was beautiful, right?” Dimitrov said. “He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard.”
Before his first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. He hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
After Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and serve for the victory, Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone run. He double-faulted. Then he tried his second underhand serve, dropping the point. Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 lead, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover and, soon enough, it was over.
“It wasn't that I was tired or anything,” Donaldson said. “It was just my leg muscles had reached their limit, basically.”
After the final point, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — thanking his own legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
“I had quite a little bit left in the tank, so that was great,” said Dimitrov, who equaled his best French Open showing by reaching the third round. “And I think it meant a lot to the whole team, but especially to my fitness guy. … It's great to win a match in five sets. I think it stays with you. You keep it.”
——
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
——
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Is bitcoin in a bubble?
The price of bitcoin has been soaring this year, and last week alone it jumped from $11,000 to well over $17,000, according to Coindesk. It started the year below $1,000.
That rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down.
“We saw this in the 1990s,” says Barry Ritholtz, chairman and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. “Any of those things sound familiar? ‘This is unique, this will change everything?”‘
Like many others in finance, Ritholtz expects the bitcoin bubble to pop. The only question is when. “Some people think it's early days, some people think it's late,” Ritholtz said. “We'll find out in the not-too-distant-future who is right.”
Robert Shiller and Joseph Stiglitz, two Nobel-prize winning economists who've seen their share of speculative manias, recently have called bitcoin a bubble. Stiglitz went so far as to tell Bloomberg TV that bitcoin should be “outlawed.”
Bitcoin was created in hopes it would become a new kind of currency that people could use outside of the traditional banking system, without backing from any country or central bank. It was also supposed to operate outside of government oversight, which has raised concerns that it will be a haven for criminals.
Unlike traditional currencies, bitcoin doesn't have a country backing it, a central bank, interest rates, or a long history of exchange rates against other currencies, making it extremely difficult to place a value on. Its value is tied only to what people believe it's worth at any given time.
Despite the growing interest, bitcoin still is not widely accepted in stores to buy merchandise, and you can't deposit it at a bank. One of the problems with using it as a currency is that its value keeps bouncing around, sometimes very suddenly.
“We have seen bitcoin more as a speculative investment rather than an equivalent to cash,” says J. Craig Shearman, spokesman for the National Retail Federation, the world's largest trade association of retailers. “Even if it were a foreign currency, you need to dependably know what the exchange rate is, and bitcoin doesn't meet any of those tests.”
Backers of bitcoin say it's about time for a new kind of currency that can be exchanged in private and secure ways. Its promoters include internet entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
This week mainstream financial markets are for the first time allowing investors to make future bets on the direction of bitcoin, but bitcoins themselves will be continued to be traded only on private exchanges, which are mostly out of reach of regulators.
Mark Fratella, a teacher who lives in Elmhurst, Illinois, bought some bitcoin “for the novelty of it” back when it was worth $700 or $800.
Fratella is holding onto his bitcoin, and buying a little more from time to time. He's also buying other cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum and Litecoin. He's heard the talk of a bitcoin bubble.
“But I have also seen a few analysts talk about how, in the grand scheme of things, there are a relatively low amount of people into bitcoin and there is a huge potential for growth,” he said. With the futures trade starting, Fratella thinks people who have been leery of its decentralized, deregulated nature will start buying into it too.
The futures also give investors the opportunity to “short” bitcoin — that is bet that its price will go down — which presently is very difficult to near impossible to do.
While the value of bitcoin itself may be inflated, even some of its biggest critics say that the technology that's behind bitcoin has promise. That technology is called blockchain. It's a kind of digital ledger that securely records transactions and prevents the same bitcoin from being spent twice.
Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan Chase, has called bitcoin “a fraud” that will eventually “blow up.” But Dimon also said he thought the blockchain technology was “good” and could be used to make transactions faster and easier.
For now, people keep buying bitcoin, even with all the talk of a bubble. To Ritholtz, the enthusiasm is a combination of the novelty of bitcoin, the built-in scarcity of it — only 21 million of them will ever be created — and the psychology of people being attracted to assets whose prices appear to keep going up.
“One of the first rules of investing is, only invest in things you understand,” Ritholtz said. “If you want to speculate in a cryptocurrency and you don't understand it, you might get lucky for a while but those sorts of speculations don't work out well.”
——
—-
AP Technology Writer Barbara Ortutay contributed to this story.
Line of Duty's AC-12 are tasked with investigating a fatal shooting by an armed response unit.
So who's back – and who's new – in the third series of Jed Mercurio's superior police thriller?
Daniel Mays – Sergeant Danny Waldron
Following Lennie James and Keeley Hawes into the spotlight this time around was Daniel Mays as Danny Waldron, an ambitious sergeant in a police armed response unit whose file crosses AC-12's desk after the fatal shooting of a criminal suspect. It turned out that Waldron was on a mission of his own but one that was cut short by his mysterious death, surrounded by armed members of his own squad.
Mays is one of Britain's most in-demand actors. Most recently seen as Private Walker in the big-screen remake of Dad's Army, he played train robber Ronnie Biggs opposite Sheridan Smith in Mrs Biggs, and diarist Samuel Pepys in ITV's The Great Fire.
Prior to that, he was revealed to be the Devil himself – and the cause of all Gene Hunt's woes – in Ashes to Ashes, played a dad who'd unwittingly adopted an alien in Doctor Who, and starred with Anna Friel in the 2012 drama Public Enemies.
Feature films include Made in Dagenham, Welcome to the Punch and Atonement, while one of his earliest roles was as a pilot in Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor.
Martin Compston – DS Steve Arnott
“Steve's got a moral centre and he's good at his job – but he's arrogant and annoying.” That's Martin Compston's verdict on AC-12's dogged investigator, who's back for a third case.
Inverclyde-born Compston – who worked hard to master an English accent for Line of Duty – was previously a professional footballer, having helped Greenock Morton to relegation from the Scottish First Division in the 2001-2002 season. He got his acting break in Ken Loach's acclaimed Sweet Sixteen, before taking a regular role as Ewan Brodie in the BBC's Monarch of the Glen.
He appeared alongside Robert Downey Jr in A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints, and was nominated for a Scottish Bafta for his role in Andrea Arnold's Red Road.
Vicky McClure – DC Kate Fleming
Series 2 saw undercover cop Kate Fleming's personal life unravel so badly, she ended up sleeping in her car. When we meet her this time, she's got a roof over her head and is working with a new team, so things are clearly looking up.
Vicky McClure came to prominence through her work with Shane Meadows, who cast her in his first film, A Room for Romeo Brass, after approaching her in a pub in their native Nottingham. Her role as former skinhead Lorraine “Lollipop Lol” Jenkins in Meadows' This Is England series earned her a clutch of awards, including a Bafta for Best Actress.
Off-Duty, she's probably best known for playing nosey tabloid journo Karen White in Broadchurch. Later this year, she'll be reunited with This Is England co-star Stephen Graham for a BBC adaptation of Joseph Conrad's Victorian spy thriller The Secret Agent.
Adrian Dunbar – Supt Ted Hastings
AC-12 boss Hastings spent much of series 2 trying to stop his own life becoming a focus for police investigation – and things aren't looking any easier for him this time round.
Adrian Dunbar found fame as the lead and co-writer of the 1991 film Hear My Song. The following year, the Enniskillen-born actor appeared in Neil Jordan's The Crying Game, and in 1993 was the focus of Robbie Coltraine's first case as the prime suspect in the opening episode of Cracker.
Since then, he's barely been off our screens, juggling a hugely acclaimed stage career with appearances in everything from A Touch of Frost to Death in Paradise.
One place he wasn't on screen, though, was in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace: his role as Princess Leia's adoptive father, Bail Organa, was cut from the film, and re-cast with Jimmy Smits for Episode II. Consider it a lucky escape.
Craig Parkinson – DS Matthew Cottan
Matthew “Dot” Cottan is the rotten apple at the heart of AC-12. Will series 3 finally see him get his comeuppance? We've got everything crossed.
Craig Parkinson's first TV role was in a 2001 episode of Dalziel and Pascoe, and he made his big screen debut as Factory Records guru Tony Wilson in Anton Corbijn's Ian Curtis biopic, Control. He played lecherous probation worker Shaun in E4's Misfits, and beat Tom Hardy to the punch – literally – playing boxing twins Jimmy and Johnny Kray in ITV's Whitechapel.
The 6' 4.5” actor is married to Susan Lynch – most recently seen wielding that shotgun in Happy Valley.
Keeley Hawes – Lindsay Denton
Where to start? DI Lindsay Denton was sentenced to life in prison for conspiracy to murder at the end of two, a conviction she succeeded in quashing in a shock return for series three. Now she's attempting to rebuild her life – but with a criminal conviction for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice, will her dream of rejoining the police force ever be realised?
Keeley Hawes first made her name playing a young Diana Dors in The Blonde Bombshell before Tipping the Velvet, Ashes to Ashes and Spooks put her name firmly on the map. The actress met her husband, Matthew Macfadyen on the latter and went on to star in the BBC's short-lived adaptation of Upstairs Downstairs between 2010 and 2012.
But it was Line of Duty that delivered a role which allowed Hawes to showcase her full dramatic range. The question of DI Denton's guilt captivated TV audiences during the drama's second series and earned Hawes a Bafta nomination. Since then, she's gone on to appear in The Casual Vacancy, Doctor Who and The Durrells (currently airing on ITV) and will next be seen in The Hollow Crown alongside Benedict Cumberbatch and Judi Dench.
Polly Walker – Gill Bigelow
Warrington-born Walker landed a plum first acting job when she was cast in the title role of ITV's 1990 adaptation of Lorna Doone, co-starring Clive Owen and Sean Bean.
She appeared in the films Enchanted April and Patriot Games, with Harrison Ford, and played John Simm's wife Anne in Paul Abbott's State of Play. She's also had regular TV roles in Rome (which earned her a Golden Globe nomination), Battlestar Galactica spin-off Caprica, The Syndicate and Mr Selfridge (pictured), where she played Delphine Day.
Jonas Armstrong – Joe Nash
Jonas, like Danny, was a young resident of Sandsview children's home and a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of Ronald and Linus Murphy and – in particular – Dale Roach. Haunted by his experience, Jonas is working with DC Arnott to bring the perpetrators to justice.
Jonas Armstrong first appeared in Teachers and The Ghost Squad but is best known to many as Robin Hood, appearing in the BBC drama for three series before departing in 2009.
He has since gone on to act in The Body Farm, Prisoners' Wives and Ripper Street and will next be seen in ITV's Joanne Froggatt drama Dark Angel.
Will Mellor – PC Rod Kennedy
Rod Kennedy was a member of Danny Waldron's emergency response squad and present during Waldron's death. Caught up in the investigation – and conflicted by his relationship with colleague Jackie Brickford – Rod was found hanged in an apparent suicide, although it was subsequently proven that he had been murdered.
The former Hollyoaks heartthrob (he once had a number 5 hit with a cover of Leo Sayer's When I Need You, you know) plays a member of Danny Waldron's armed response unit in the new Line of Duty.
Mellor has been a regular TV face for more than 25 years since making his debut on Children's Ward, with roles ranging from Jack Vincent in Casualty to 10 years as Gaz Wilkinson in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps.
More recently, he played Steve Connolly in Broadchurch, and starred in two series apiece of comedies White Van Man and In with the Flynns. Other career highlights include voicing a dog in the CITV series Barking!, winning the first series of Comic Relief Does Fame Academy, and modelling for Topman.
Arsher Ali – Ali PC Harinderpal ‘Hari' Bains
Royal Shakespeare Company regular Ali – who plays another member of Waldron's firearms team – came to prominence as a would-be suicide bomber in Chris Morris' Four Lions.
Since then, he's had major roles in the likes of Beaver Falls, Complicit and The Missing, co-starred alongside Martin Clunes in ITV's adaptation of Julian Barnes' Arthur & George, and appeared in last year's watery Doctor Who two-parter Under the Lake / Before the Flood.
Leanne Best – WPC Jackie Brickford
A veteran of such Brit TV staples as Casualty, New Tricks and Doctors, Leanne Best – here playing a firearms officer – is probably best known as Jane Cobden in Ripper Street, Celia Donnelly in Fortitude and teacher Teresa Fenchurch in ITV's Home Fires.
She also has a blink-and-you'll-miss-it role as Min Sakul in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
George Costigan – Retired Chief Supt Patrick Fairbank
Retired from the force, Fairbank becomes a person of interest for DC Arnott and DS Fleming. But will his personal connections protect him from their investigations?
On television screens since 1978, George Costigan first found fame as adulterous businessman Bob in Rita, Sue and Bob Too. He's since gone on to appear in The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes, Kavanagh QC, Inspector Morse and New Tricks, plus a guest role in the 2007 Doctor Who Christmas special.
In the theatre, he originated the role of Mickey Johnston in Blood Brothers. He also spent six months appearing on Emmerdale in 2009 and most recently played Nevison Gallagher in both series of Happy Valley.
Shaun Parkes – Chief Supt Terry Reynolds
Following roles in the likes of Soldier, Soldier, Casualty and Heartbeat, Shaun Parkes got his big break in the movie Human Traffic (pictured). Other film work includes The Mummy Returns, Things to Do Before You're 30 and Notes on a Scandal.
He played Rocco in Russell T Davies' Casanova, and reunited with David Tennant for The Impossible Planet / The Satan Pit – the 2006 Doctor Who two-parter that gave the world the Ood. In 2009, he played the title role in BBC2's acclaimed detective thriller Moses Jones, assisted by another Time Lord, Matt Smith.
Aiysha Hart – DS Sam Railstone
Another new cast addition, Hart is best known for playing Ariadne in the BBC's short-lived sword and sandals fantasy Atlantis (pictured).
The daughter of English and Saudi Arabian parents, Hart – who says she's “semi-fluent” in Arabic – also took the lead in the 2014 thriller Honour, co-starring Paddy Considine.
AKRON, Ohio — Tre'Shaun Fletcher had 23 points, nine rebounds and five assists, Jaelan Sanford added 18, seven, and five, and Toledo beat Akron 55-36 on Saturday.
Fletcher and Sanford each hit three 3-pointers for Toledo (16-7, 8-2 Mid-American Conference), which had its season-high seven-game winning streak snapped on Tuesday against Ball State. Fletcher is the lone player in the MAC's top 10 for points, rebounds and assists at 18.6 points (second), 8.5 rebounds (third) and 4.2 assists (fourth).
The Rockets, who have won seven of their last eight away from Savage Arena, lead the MAC's West Division and Buffalo sits atop the East.
Toledo opened the second half on a 20-9 run — with eight points by Sanford — for a 19-point advantage.
Daniel Utomi led Akron (10-12, 3-7) with 17 points. Virshon Cotton chipped in 12 and Jimond Ivey scored 10. The Zips were 2 of 7 from the free-throw line.
HONG KONG — Amid fears that North Korea is rapidly developing its submarine-launched ballistic missile technology, the United States, Japan and South Korea are teaming up for a drill to track such hard-to-detect missiles, military officials said Monday.
The drill is taking place over two days in waters between Japan and the Korean Peninsula, said South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff, and will involve destroyers from the three nations doing computer-simulated training to track submarine missile launchings by North Korea.
The drills come in the wake of news reports that North Korea is making progress developing submarine-launched ballistic missiles, or SLBMs. The website 38 North, based at the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University, obtained images of cylindrical objects, evidence that “suggests construction of a new submarine” at a facility on North Korea's east coast.
Any North Korean capability to field submarine-launched ballistic missiles in open waters would be particularly worrying for the United States and its allies, since such missiles are hard to detect before launching. In August 2016, North Korea successfully tested such a missile from near its submarine base in Sinpo, sending it 310 miles toward Japan in a launch that came after several failed tests.
The military maneuvers come a week after the United States and South Korea began holding joint drills that included flyovers of advanced stealth fighters and B1-B Lancer bombers over the Korean Peninsula, exercises that led North Korea to accuse the United States of pushing the region “to the brink of nuclear war.”
To step up pressure, South Korea on Monday imposed a new round of sanctions on 20 North Korean groups and 12 individuals. The sanctions, an effort to curtail North Korea's missile and nuclear weapons programs, were imposed in retaliation for the North's launching of a missile in late November that experts said was capable of hitting much of the continental United States.
Separately, Nikki R. Haley, the U.S. envoy to the United Nations, said over the weekend that the United States would send a full delegation of athletes to the Winter Olympics in South Korea in February. Her remarks on “Fox News Sunday” came days after she sowed doubt about participation in the games by saying it was an “open question” whether American athletes would participate, given the tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
For Electric Cars To Take Off, They Need Charging Stations
Around the world, support is growing for electric cars. Automakers are delivering more electric models with longer range and lower prices, such as the Chevrolet Bolt and the Tesla Model 3. China has set aggressive targets for electric vehicle sales to curb pollution; some European countries aim to be all-electric by 2040 or sooner.
Those lofty ambitions face numerous challenges, including one practical consideration for consumers: If they buy electric cars, where will they charge them?
The distribution of public charging stations is wildly uneven around the globe. Places with lots of support from governments or utilities, like China, the Netherlands and California, have thousands of public charging outlets. Buyers of Tesla's luxury models have access to a company-funded Supercharger network. But in many places, public charging remains scarce. That's a problem for people who need to drive further than the 200 miles or so that most electric cars can travel. It's also a barrier for the millions of people who don't have a garage to plug in their cars overnight.
"Do we have what we need? The answer at the moment is, 'No,'" says Graham Evans, an analyst with IHS Markit.
Take Norway, which has publicly funded charging and generous incentives for electric buyers. Architect Nils Henningstad drives past 20 to 30 charging stations each day on his 22-mile (35-kilometer) commute to Oslo. He works for the city and can charge his Nissan Leaf at work; his fiancee charges her Tesla SUV at home or at one of the world's largest Tesla Supercharger stations, 20 miles away.
It's a very different landscape in New Berlin, Wisconsin, where Jeff Solie relies on the charging system he rigged up in his garage to charge two Tesla sedans and a Volt. Solie and his wife don't have chargers at their offices, and the nearest Tesla Superchargers are 45 miles (72 kilometers) away.
"If I can't charge at home, there's no way for me to have electric cars as my primary source of transportation," says Solie, who works for the media company E.W. Scripps.
The uneven distribution of chargers worries many potential electric vehicle owners. It's one reason electric vehicles make up less than 1 percent of cars on the road.
"Humans worst-case their purchases of automobiles. You have to prove to the consumer that they can drive across the country, even though they probably won't," says Pasquale Romano, the CEO of ChargePoint, one of the largest charging station providers in North America and Europe.
Romano says there's no exact ratio of the number of chargers needed per car. But he says workplaces should have one charger for every 2.5 electric cars and retail stores need one for every 20 electric cars. Highways need one every 50 to 75 miles, he says. That suggests a lot of gaps still need to be filled.
Automakers and governments are pushing to fill them. The number of publicly available, global charging spots grew 72 percent to more than 322,000 last year, the International Energy Agency said. Navigant Research expects that to grow to more than 2.2 million by 2026; more than one-third of those will be in China.
Tesla Inc. -- which figured out years ago that people wouldn't buy its cars without roadside charging -- is doubling its global network of Supercharger stations to 10,000 this year. BMW, Daimler, Volkswagen and Ford are building 400 fast-charging stations in Europe. Volkswagen is building hundreds of stations across the U.S. as part of its settlement for selling polluting diesel engines. Even oil-rich Dubai, which just got its first Tesla showroom, has more than 50 locations to charge electric cars.
But there are pitfalls. There are different types of charging stations, and no one knows the exact mix drivers will eventually need. A grocery store might spend $5,000 for an AC charge point, which provides a car with 5 to 15 miles of range in 30 minutes. But once most cars get 200 or 300 miles per charge, slow chargers are less necessary. Electric cars with longer range need fast-charging DC chargers along highways, but DC chargers cost $35,000 or more.
That uncertainty makes it difficult to make money setting up chargers, says Lisa Jerram, an associate director with Navigant Research. For at least the next three to five years, she says, deep-pocketed automakers, governments and utilities will be primarily responsible for building charging infrastructure.
There's also the question of who will meet the needs of apartment dwellers. San Francisco, Shanghai and Vancouver, Canada, are now requiring new homes and apartment buildings to be wired for EV charging.
But without government support, plans for charging stations can falter. In Michigan, a utility's $15 million plan to install 800 public charging stations was scrapped in April after state officials and ChargePoint objected.
Solie, the electric car owner in Wisconsin, likes Europe's approach: Governments should set bold targets for electric car sales and let the private sector meet the need.
"If the U.S. were to send up a flare that policy was going to change... investments would become very attractive," he says.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Davido's 2nd Baby Mama To Be, Amanda Shows Off Her Baby Bump.
Davido is reportedly expecting his second child with Atlanta-based girlfriend, Amanda (Mandy to loved ones). In a matter of weeks, Davido will be the proud dad of a bouncing new baby as Amanda is getting to the final stage of pregnancy. The 24-year-old Atlanta USA – based Amanda shared a new photo of herself on…
The post Davido's 2nd Baby Mama To Be, Amanda Shows Off Her Baby Bump. appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHARLSTON, S.C. — Joe Chealy scored 20 points with four 3-pointers and five assist as Charleston defeated Division II North Greenville 92-60 on Sunday to run its winning streak to five.
Ten players scored for the Cougars (7-2), with Cameron Johnson adding 12 points, Grant Riller and Marquise Pointer 11 each, Nick Harris scored nine with 12 rebounds. Charleston's 92 points is a season high.
Pointer and Jaylen McManus hit back-to-back 3s to spark a 10-0 run giving Charleston a 25-14 lead midway through the opening half and the Cougars pushed it to 53-33 by halftime. Charleston knocked down 13 treys in the game and ended up shooting 52 per cent from the floor overall (31 of 60).
Jalon Cokley led the Crusaders (3-8) with 15 points, while DJ Brooks scored 13.
The larger, deeper Charleston team outrebounded North Greenville 41-31, and its bench outscored the Crusaders' 29-10.
But the drive to win China's consumers has had its notable failures.
Like tampons.
Most Chinese women use sanitary pads because they believe tampons are invasive. In 2016, China spent $136 million on tampons, only a fraction of the $4.9 billion annual sales for sanitary pads and towels in the country, according to data from Mintel, a consulting firm.
Procter & Gamble, the American consumer products company, gave up on Tampax in China in 2000, though it relaunched the brand last year. In a statement, Li Fengting, China director for the Tampax brand, said it had reintroduced the product in hopes of attracting a younger generation of women.
Then there's Weetabix. Bright Food, a Shanghai-based company, bought a majority stake in the maker of the oblong staple of British breakfasts in 2012, hoping the cereal biscuits would find their way onto the Chinese family menu. It sold the stake to an American firm five years later, after what analysts said was a lackluster performance. A Bright Food spokesman, Pan Jianjun, said the decision to sell was part of the company's international strategy but declined to comment further.
Companies like Apple and Starbucks have prospered in part by selling aspirational products to Chinese consumers who want to show the world that they have made it. That task is tougher for products that nobody sees.
“It has to be something visible or something you can smell,” said Ye Tan, an independent economist in Shanghai. “Deodorant fails partly because it is invisible.”
The products have their Chinese adherents. Cai Qianyi, a 38-year-old media professional in Beijing, started using deodorant in 2006, when he was studying in France. He doesn't think he has body odor but sees a problem with sweat stains.
“Sweat leaving wet spots on your T-shirt in the summer is extremely ugly, especially around the armpits, which could be really socially embarrassing,” Mr. Cai said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But most of his family and friends have no idea what deodorant is, he said. Once, a cousin mistook his deodorant stick for perfume and asked him why it was solid.
When global deodorant makers began their foray into China, they highlighted the social embarrassment caused by perspiration. Their central message was a proven winner in the West: Sweating will get you shunned socially and ruin your chances for romance.
Photo
That pitch fell on deaf ears in China, said Lucia Liu, a skin care assistant manager at Unilever who was involved in Rexona's marketing between 2011 and 2016.
“The traditional thinking here is that sweating is good because it helps people detox,” said Ms. Liu. “There is a marketing barrier that is really hard to overcome.”
Indeed, Chinese health websites have long promoted the benefits of sweating, ranging from a boost in immunity to memory enhancement to skin rejuvenation. To many Chinese, perspiration is a natural part of metabolism that should not be blocked.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There's another reason few Chinese consumers buy deodorant: basic biology.
Scientists in recent years have shown that many East Asians, a group that includes China's ethnic Han majority, have a gene that lowers the likelihood of a strong “human axillary odor” — scientist-speak for body stink.
That lowers the likelihood that they will use deodorant to begin with, according to a 2013 study by researchers at the University of Bristol and Brunel University in Britain, after a survey of nearly 6,500 women of various backgrounds.
“It is likely that deodorant usage is not widely adopted because there is, for much of the East Asia population, no need for it,” it said. (For those curious about such matters, that same genetic difference also leads to drier earwax.)
Unilever was not deterred. It deployed a range of traditional marketing tools, including signing top celebrities to appear in TV ads, in-store product sampling and sweat tests, and concert sponsorships.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Many of its efforts seem tone deaf in retrospect.
A series of Rexona print ads portrayed a person's armpits as potential threats to others. In one, a gunslinger — his armpit hovering over the scene in the foreground — appears to take down his opponent without touching his revolver. In a similar ad, a boxer appears to knock out his opponent with little more than his aroma.
Ng Tian It, a Singaporean creative director who oversaw the ad campaign, was proud of the look. But he said the ads appeared to be out of touch with many Chinese consumers unfamiliar with Old West shootouts, professional boxing and the prospect of offensive underarm smells.
“The series of advertisements we designed relied on the Western sense of humor,” he said. “Not many Chinese would understand this.”
Deodorant sales in the United States reached $4.5 billion in 2016, according to Euromonitor, a market research firm. China's total: $110 million. Deodorant also does not sell well in other East Asian markets: Japan's sales that year were about one-tenth those of the United States.
Companies hoping to sell deodorant in China have had to appeal to other senses. Nivea, a brand owned by Beiersdorf A.G. of Germany, has tried to lure female Chinese consumers by rolling out deodorants with whitening functions, to cater to a market where fair skin often confers social status.
Simon Cao, Nivea's China marketing director, said that the deodorant was popular but that “the room for growth is very limited.”
“We will not spend too much energy on deodorant, because the investment is not proportional to the return,” he said.
The dearth of deodorants in China has forced some expatriates to hoard.
Alex Stevens, a 26-year-old American former public relations professional who left Beijing last year after living there nearly a decade, said he loaded up on deodorant every time he was back in the United States.
“It's really become the only thing I stock up on when I go back home,” he said, “and I don't give any away to friends, not even for a price.”
The second match of the Six Nations 2018 kicks off at the Stade de Paris
Time to warm yourself in the scrum of a full pub and stoke the flames of national pride: the 2018 Six Nations is here.
Advertisement
The controlling influence of half backs Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton will be invaluable against the – yes, say it again – unpredictable French. Ireland's final game against England is already being touted as a Championship decider, but there's a lot of ground to cover before then.
bby Logan presents coverage of the match from the Stade de France in Paris, as the opening round of fixtures continues. Ireland recorded a 19-9 home win when the sides met last season, but France claimed a narrow 10-9 victory when the nations last faced each other here in 2016. With commentary by Eddie Butler and Brian Moore, and analysis from Paul O'Connell and Jeremy Guscott.
What time is France v Ireland on TV?
The second match of this year's tournament kicks off at 4.45pm, with live coverage on BBC1 from 4.15pm.
Where else can I follow the match?
Advertisement
Radio coverage, will be live on BBC Radio 5 Live Extra from 4.15pm.
MIAMI — A Frenchman arrested when he arrived in the United States for a world beard-growing championship will plead guilty in federal court on drug charges.
The Miami Herald reported that Gal Vallerius is charged with drug conspiracy and money laundering in South Florida federal court. Investigators say he moderated online sales of cocaine, methamphetamine and oxycodone. He faces at least 20 years in prison. He had an alias of “OxyMonster.”
According to a DEA affidavit, Vallerius was detained in Atlanta in 2017 and his laptop was seized. He was en route to the World Moustache and Beard Championships in Austin, Texas, where he hoped his red whiskers would win the “full beard 30.1-45cm” category.
The computer contained the Tor browser, which allows users to conceal their true internet addresses on that network; his log-in credential for Dream Market, the eBay-type marketplace for illegal narcotics and drug paraphernalia; and $500,000 worth of the digital currency bitcoin.
“In connection with his role as a ‘senior moderator,' (Vallerius) also sold controlled substances to other members using the website, receiving payment for these sales through the use of a bitcoin ‘tip jar,' or electronic depository,” according to a magistrate judge's summary of the prosecution's case. “It was through this tip jar that law enforcement officials became aware of Vallerius' true identity.
“After locating the bitcoin depository allegedly belonging to the user ‘OxyMonster,' agents tracked several incoming payments and outgoing deposits from the tip jar to various ‘wallets' controlled by Vallerius.”
DEA agents soon found that Vallerius had Instagram and Twitter accounts. They compared the writing style of “OxyMonster” on the Dream Market forum to the writing style of Vallerius on his social media accounts. “Agents discovered many similarities in the use of words and punctuation, including: the word “cheers,” double exclamation marks, frequent use of quotation marks, and intermittent French posts.”
Last August, DEA special agent Lilita Infante contacted Homeland Security Investigations to find out whether Vallerius might be travelling to the United States. That agency said he was flying from Paris to Atlanta on Aug. 31, 2017. Infante asked the Homeland Security's border officials to flag him and pull him aside for questioning at customs.
During a court hearing on the admissibility of certain evidence, Infante testified she did not know what Vallerius would be carrying with him but that in her experience, users of the Dark Web often conducted their business on laptop computers. She said she hoped that a search of Vallerius' belongings, including his laptop, upon entering the United States might reveal additional links between him and his suspected Dream Market activities.
The DEA agent's hunch proved to be spot-on. Vallerius, who was with his wife, possessed a laptop computer, cellphone and iPad tablet. A Homeland Security agent asked him for the passwords to the electronic devices as a “routine inspection” at the border.
DEA agents, waiting in a nearby room at customs, used the passwords to gain access to Vallerius' computer and search its contents. And that was how they directly linked Vallerius to the Dream Market.
——
Read more here: http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/crime/article212144194.html#st http://www.
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
Founder of Apostle Safo Technology centre, Apostle Kwadwo Sarfo Kantanka
Founder of Apostle Safo Technology centre, Apostle Kwadwo Sarfo Kantanka has urged the President-elect, Nana Akufo-Addo to prioritize science and technology in his administration. According to him, the country had great potential for the development of science and technology however not much has been done over the years.
In a speech read on his behalf by his daughter and Member of Parliament for Dome-Kwabenya, Adwoa Sarfo at the 37th annual technological exhibition of the Apostle Kantanka Technology Centre on Sunday, Apostle Kantanka called for government support the various technological products in the country especially from his technological centre.
The Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana, Professor Ebenezer Oduro-Owusu, who chaired the event challenged the incoming Nana Akufo-Addo administration to undertake educational reforms that would shift the country's development policy to focus more on Science and Technology development.
He warned that Ghana will not develop as fast as it hopes to if technology is not given priority in government policies.
The President-elect, Nana Akufo-Addo in his address said, called on Ghanaians to work hard and in unity to ensure the vision of the country will be achieved.
He called for Unity and harmony among all Ghanaians and pledged to be a president for all.
He pledged to be a president for all and ensure that every Ghanaian has his share of the national cake. “This government will not be a selective one but it will be all-inclusive.
I wasn't voted for to take care of just my party folks. I was voted into power to lead all Ghanaians and that is exactly what I will do for the progress of the country.” “Every Ghanaian has a share in the future we are creating for this country. And we are going to ensure that every Ghanaian get money, freedom and jobs.”
He added that, “I also need your help, your prayers, good counsel and that is what will make me a good leader. You helped me get into the leadership position, but don't leave me there, help me, so we build this country.”
Nana Akufo-Addo further announced his nomination of renowned Ghanaian surgeon, Professor Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng as Minister for Environmental, Science, Technology and Innovation.
Ambien maker Sanofi released a statement on Twitter in response to Roseanne Barr blaming the sleep drug for the racist tweet that got her show cancelled.
Tweeted Sanofi: “People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
May 16th and 17th 2017 saw Eskenzi PR stage its 11th 2-day IT Security Analyst Forum, as usual, in London. The morning of the second day (which was a Wednesday) was the customary CISO (chief information security officer) roundtable. A coming together of 20 or so IT security leaders from blue chip UK enterprises and public sector organisations to share their views with the analysts and IT security vendors that sponsor the event.
The timing was interesting, as although no one knew it in the run-up, the event took place just after the WannaCry weekend (the global release of a worm carrying ransomware that infected certain unpatched and unprotected devices running Microsoft Windows). Speculation was rife on the Tuesday night that there would be gaps in the CISO line-up as some absented themselves to deal with the aftermath. Not so, they all turned up.
The CISOs had plenty of other things to talk about. The impending GDPR (the EU General Data Protection Regulation) inevitably came up a few times. However, as Quocirca speculated in its recent Computer Weekly GDPR buyer's guide, most CISOs felt their organisations were well on their way with their GDPR compliance plans. Generally it was considered that personal data has already been secured to deal with existing requirements, so the main new challenges were around data processing rules. There was a generally positive view of the regulation's enhanced privacy aims and, for the record, the CISOs did not think Brexit would make much difference to UK data privacy laws.
Read the entire article here, WannaCry? Not really. A report from the 11th Eskenzi PR IT Analyst and CISO Forum
via the fine folks at FSLogix
WTS - Lyman Ideal Sharps with Extras WTS - Lyman Ideal Sharps in 22 Hornets with Hornady dies, Lyman neck expander, Sierra .223 bullets, 157 new brass, and 18 shot once brass.
Price is $995 shipped to your FFL within the CONUS.
Lyman's New Ideal Model is a continuation of where the historic Sharps Rifle Series left off. Co-developed in partnership with Chiappa Firearms, this elegant rifle is scaled down in size and weight, making it a superior hunting rifle in the renowned. The streamlined lock profile and vintage-style laser engraving are exclusive to this Lyman's Ideal Model and unavailable elsewhere. Further, Lyman's proven tang sight and globe front sight combine with the rifle's double set triggers to deliver the full measure of accuracy this premium rifle offers.
Lyman Specification Bore Dimensions
Custom Lyman Tang Sight with Target and Hunting Apertures
Precision Lyman Globe Front Sight With Inserts
Receiver Profile featuring original Lyman Stylized Engraving
Vintage Style Laser Engraving
 Overall length: 42"
 Weight: 6 lbs
 Barrel length: 26" Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
355th TFW __________________355th TFW
Fulfilling a promise made during 2015's General Election, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has introduced a bill in Parliament that would legalize recreational marijuana throughout all of Canada:
OTTAWA — Fulfilling a campaign pledge, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau introduced legislation on Thursday to legalize the recreational use of marijuana in Canada. Many nations have either decriminalized marijuana, allowed it to be prescribed medically or effectively stopped enforcing laws against it. But when Mr. Trudeau's bill passes as expected, Canada will become only the second nation, after Uruguay, to completely legalize marijuana as a consumer product. “Criminal prohibition has failed to protect our kids and our communities,” said Bill Blair, a lawmaker and former Toronto police chief whom Mr. Trudeau appointed to manage the legislation. Mr. Blair said at a news conference that the government hoped to begin allowing legal sales by the middle of 2018. While the government's plan has been broadly shaped by a panel of experts, many issues still need to be ironed out. “We do accept that important work remains to be done,” he said. While the federal government will license and regulate growers, each of Canada's provinces will need to decide exactly how the drug will be distributed and sold within its boundaries. The government will have to develop the marijuana equivalents of breathalyzers so that drivers can be checked for impairment at the roadside and workers can be tested for safety on the job. Diplomats will have to address conflicts with international drug treaties. And many in the medical field are concerned about the long-term health effects of increased use of marijuana by Canadians under the age of 25. Though eight American states have legalized marijuana to various extents, the drug remains illegal under federal law. Mr. Trudeau's move eliminates any such ambiguity in Canada. It follows a court-mandated legalization of marijuana for medical purposes, which was introduced with tight controls in 1999 and later broadened by further court orders. While the new legislation will take Canada beyond its medical marijuana system, it stops far short of creating an open market. The law will require purchasers to be at least 18 years old — though provinces can set a higher minimum — and it will limit the amount they can carry at any one time to 30 grams, about an ounce. Households will be allowed to grow up to four marijuana plants. But the legislation seems built on the assumption that most users will be supplied by commercial growers, who will be licensed and closely supervised by the federal government. Growing, importing, exporting or selling marijuana outside licensed channels will remain serious crimes, according to Mr. Blair and Ralph Goodale, the public safety minister. Each province will decide where and how marijuana may be sold, and will set prices in conjunction with the federal government. How much marijuana will cost and how heavily it will be taxed will be influenced by Canada's experience with tobacco, which is also tightly regulated. When the country tried to discourage smoking by sharply increasing cigarette taxes, it inadvertently created a growing black market for cigarettes smuggled from the United States and elsewhere. Since one of the government's main aims with the new law is to wipe out — or at least reduce — illicit marijuana dealing, it will want to avoid measures that spur its growth. It is unclear where users will be able to buy the drug. Several provinces restrict alcohol sales mainly to government-run liquor stores, and a similar arrangement may be used for marijuana. But a federal task force that released its findings late last year recommended that marijuana not be offered in shops that also sell alcohol.
As I said above, this move fulfills a promise that Trudeau's party made during the 2015 General Election and which became apparent last month when the government announced that a legalization bill would be introduced in April with the goal of complete legalization coming in 2018. Given the fact that Trudeau's party has the majority in Parliament, it's essentially guaranteed that the new law will pass into law relatively easily. The main question will be how heavily regulated the sale and marketing of marijuana will be, but it appears that this is a matter that the proposed legislation will likely leave to the discretion of the individual provinces and territories, much like Federal law here in the United States leaves much about the marketing and sale of alcohol and cigarettes to the individual states. Ideally, this is how it should be in the United States. The Federal Government should not be taking any role in deciding the legal status of marijuana, or how it is sold and distributed where it is legal.
As I noted back in March, the significance of this move by Canada should not be underestimated. Recreational marijuana is already legal in eight states, the District of Columbia, and on a number of Native American Reservations, and polls indicate that the majority of Americans approve of legalization, with only Republicans and voters over 65 among the major demographic group where there is still any significant opposition to the idea. At that rate, it's likely that legalization in the United States will take much the same path that legalization of same-sex marriage did, with some state leading the way while the others take longer. The only difference is that there isn't really a basis for challenging laws against recreational marijuana in Court, so the process is likely to take more time than legalization of same-sex marriage did. Of course, the process could be sped up significantly with a few minor steps by the Federal Government. As I've noted before, marijuana is currently listed as a Schedule I drug by the Drug Enforcement Administration, meaning that it is considered as dangerous as “hard” drugs such as cocaine and heroin. Medical professionals, though, tend to agree that this designation is rather absurd and not supported by any real evidence regarding the effects and dangers of marijuana itself. If that designation were to change, it would likely spur more states to act to legalize at a far more rapid pace. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem likely that this would happen under the current Administration, so we'll have to rely on action at the state level to repeal laws that never should have been passed in the first place.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — The Minnesota Vikings haven't had a player with 1,000 yards receiving since Brett Favre's sensational season in 2009.
Stefon Diggs and Adam Thielen are on track this year to give them two.
A deep track.
Making difficult catches in tight sideline coverage or breaking open underneath the secondary, Diggs and Thielen have emerged as one of the NFL's best wide receiver tandems. Diggs leads the league with 391 yards and Thielen is third with 358 yards, sandwiching Pittsburgh's three-time All-Pro Antonio Brown .
“If both of those guys are singled there's a good chance I'm probably going to throw it their way,” quarterback Sam Bradford said, “just because I do feel very confident they're going to go out and get it.”
The Vikings have completed nine passes of 30-plus yards in four games, a pace that would double last season's total of 18. They had 53 successful throws that covered at least 20 yards last year, and they're already at 21 through the first quarter of the 2017 schedule.
With an offensive line contributing vastly improved pass protection and a productive running game forcing defences to honour play-action fakes, the Vikings have so far displayed a dynamic, creative, versatile attack under offensive co-ordinator Pat Shurmur in his first full season at the play-calling helm.
“When we have an opportunity, we've got to make the most of them,” Thielen said. “Because we don't know when we're going to have those shots and when they're going to come up.”
Bradford, who has missed the last three games because of a left knee injury, set the NFL record for completion percentage last year out of necessity behind a struggling offensive line. The running attack was nonexistent, too. Going deep was hardly possible, even if Diggs and Thielen had the ability to turn such play calls into momentum-changing completions.
“Pat's just drawing it up, what he sees and what he likes. He's letting Adam do some great things. Adam's got some great hands. He runs some great routes,” Diggs said. “So I just feel like it happened organically.”
Don't get too comfortable, Cris Carter and Randy Moss. Diggs and Thielen have begun to push their way toward the top of some of the lists of the franchise's all-time leaders.
Sidney Rice was the last 1,000-yard receiver in purple, in 2009. Before that, Moss in 2003 completed a streak of 11 straight seasons with at least one. Seven of those featured two: Carter and Jake Reed each year from 1994-97, and Carter and Moss from 1998-2000.
The primary difference with Diggs and Thielen — both a bit undersized by NFL standards — is that they had to work harder to reach this status. Diggs was a fifth-round draft pick out of Maryland in 2015 and a healthy scratch the first three games of his career. Thielen famously signed out of an undrafted tryout camp in 2013, spent a season on the practice squad and another couple of years primarily on special teams until his breakout in 2016.
But they're both exceptional route runners, with an ability to line up inside or outside and make a shallow cross or a deep post work whenever the situation calls for it. With Brown as an example, the league has seen more and more versatile wide receivers who can confuse and confound defences by moving all over the formation rather than being limited to either the outside or the slot.
“When a quarterback is in trouble, they'll come down with the ball,” said wide receiver Michael Floyd, who's coming off a four-game suspension and set to join the Vikings as another dangerous down-field option when they play at Chicago on Monday. “That's expected in our room.”
Diggs broke out ahead of Thielen, but he said he's looked up to his teammate as an example of precise route-runner. Shurmur likened Thielen to an outfielder in baseball for his ability to judge the ball and adjust to it in flight for a catch even if he hasn't separated himself from the defender. Both Diggs and Thielen have a keen sense for how to bend a route away from a cornerback to make an interception impossible and a difficult reception look routine. Diggs in particular has a reputation among the Vikings defence for being relentlessly competitive.
“He won't ever stop. He catches a ball in practice, he'll run all the way to the end zone,” cornerback Xavier Rhodes said.
The key for the Vikings will now be to keep up this deep passing game with the loss of running back Dalvin Cook , whose early success was setting up those play-action fakes.
“But also, it's part of what they do now,” Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said last week, before his team beat the Vikings 14-7. “Before they had been getting the ball out fairly quickly, intermediate passes and those kinds of things, and occasionally down the field. Well now they're attacking down the field with that real strong running game, so that's what's made the difference. Those guys are running really good routes, catching the ball well.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
After vowing for weeks to deliver a fully costed platform, Ontario's Progressive Conservatives on Wednesday quietly released a compilation of their campaign promises that doesn't say how they will pay for their pledges.
Posted on the party's website, the updated “Plan for the People” lays out how much each initiative is expected to cost but not where the money will come from, nor does it explain the billions in so-called “efficiencies” Tory Leader Doug Ford has promised to find.
When asked whether the document was the party's final plan, Ford's spokeswoman Melissa Lantsman said in an email: “Correct. This is our plan. Costing of each promise included.”
“We've been talking about our plan every day and it's all there in one spot to show Ontario voters the stark choice between a responsible and modest spending of a PC government and a radical NDP who will be disastrous for the people of Ontario,” she said. “We are going to balance the budget in a responsible way.”
Ford repeatedly promised to bring forward a costed platform before the June 7 vote and faced increasing criticism for not doing so earlier in the campaign, with NDP Leader Andrea Horwath and Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne deeming it disrespectful to voters.
Look: This is not a fully costed plan, it's not coherent. All of the things that Doug Ford has said would add up to a $40-billion hole and they have no idea how they would find that
Both Horwath and Wynne heaped scorn on the notion that Ford had released a full plan Wednesday.
“Look: This is not a fully costed plan, it's not coherent,” Wynne said at a stop in Markham, Ont., where she pushed her government's transit record. “All of the things that Doug Ford has said would add up to a $40-billion hole and they have no idea how they would find that.”
Horwath was equally jaundiced, saying it wasn't good enough for Ford to write a “list of things he might do and put it on the internet.”
People should know what Ford's plans are, what he's going to cut and what services might be at risk, the NDP leader said.
“His list of things-to-do that he put on his website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what's their best interest in this campaign,” Horwath said. “What's worrisome is we have a leader who's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he's not being honest with people.”
The Tories began the campaign with a significant lead only to find themselves now battling the NDP for first place in the polls, which also show the Liberals falling further behind both.
With the election roughly a week away, Wynne travelled to the heart of her NDP rival's riding on Wednesday to portray herself as the only seasoned stateswoman in the campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray.
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant, she attacked both Horwath and Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs.
“On the one end of the spectrum, you have Doug Ford — he's expressed his admiration for (U.S. President) Donald Trump, despite the chaos, the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario,” Wynne said. “On the other extreme, you have the NDP, who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position.”
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis. The exemption is due to expire Friday.
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada, Wynne played up her own efforts.
“Over the past year, I have met with 37 governors, I have met with senators, I've met with congresspeople, I've met with senior members of the U.S. administration, all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border,” said Wynne, who has been trailing behind her rivals in recent polls.
“We were assertive, we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario's case to those decision makers. That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off.”
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees, business leaders, and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Voters have a choice between her and her two inexperienced rivals, she said.
“They're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials,” Wynne said. “That's the reality of the role premier (and) we cannot let ideology get in our way.”
Horwath, who portrayed herself as a champion of steel and steelworkers, rejected Wynne's comments as “trying to stir up some trouble.” She said she had been vocal in her support of the industry.
“Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen,” Horwath said. “It has literally, not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation, but it has absolutely and completely … built my city.”
Last week, CEO Sundar Pichai told employees that the company wanted to develop principles that "stood the test of time," according to those present for his remarks, and Google told the New York Times that those guidelines would prohibit the use of AI in weaponry. How they will do that is currently unclear, but employees said they expected the principles to be announced internally within the next few weeks.
Whatever these guidelines turn out to be, it wouldn't be surprising to see a continued backlash to the company's contract with the Pentagon. Banning collaboration on weaponized AI may not be enough to quell concerns if there's a chance that the "non-offensive" involvement, as Google calls it, could lead to offensive actions, such as drone strikes. "Amid growing fears of biased and weaponized AI, Google is already struggling to keep the public's trust," the Google petition read. "The argument that other firms, like Microsoft and Amazon, are also participating doesn't make this any less risky for Google. Google's unique history, its motto Don't Be Evil, and its direct reach into the lives of billions of users set it apart."
Earlier this month an employee who left Google due to the contract told Gizmodo, "I wasn't happy just voicing my concerns internally. The strongest possible statement I could take against this was to leave."
Mohamed Salah has become the first player to score 10 goals in Europe in a single season for Liverpool.
The Egypt star struck twice in the first half of Tuesday's Champions League semi-final first leg with Roma at Anfield.
Salah curled home a spectacular opening goal 35 minutes in, before a delightful chipped second made it 2-0 at the break.
Pick that one out!
Absolutely nothing Alisson can do on this inch-perfect shot from Mohamed Salah. 😱😱 pic.twitter.com/zn2OjWMhzb — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
It means the 25-year-old is the first Reds player to reach double figures for goals in a European campaign, while he is also the first African player to score at least nine in a single Champions League tournament.
Salah, who was crowned the PFA Players' Player of the Year on Sunday for his Premier League performances, has now hit 43 goals in all competitions in his first season with Liverpool.
SALAH MATCHES PREMIER LEAGUE SCORING RECORD
He is just four goals short of equalling the record for goals in a season, set by Ian Rush in 1983-84.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — In a season of broken records and firsts for the Columbus Blue Jackets, one of the most important eluded them again: winning a playoff series.
The Blue Jackets' promising season fizzled out in Game 6 of their opening-round series against the Washington Capitals. They were stunning at times — like in the first two games, both won in OT — but glaringly not good enough the rest of the way. Columbus' power play went to sleep, and the Capitals took four in a row, capping it with a 6-3 victory Monday night.
Blue Jackets goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky made some acrobatic saves throughout the series, but he also allowed a goal or two he should have knocked down.
“We did not make big plays,” coach John Tortorella said. “At times, we didn't get a big save. That goes right on through the team. I'm not just saying (Bobrovsky), but the whole team. That's why you're out in six. It's tough in the playoffs. We have a number of things we need to get better at, as individuals and as a team.”
There are reasons to be optimistic about the future of this young team. It battled through slumps and myriad injuries to key players, climbing back in the Metropolitan Division race with a 10-game winning streak. It played its grittiest hockey in February and March and emerged as a wild card from a mix of teams that all came on strong to finish.
“I'm so proud to lead this team, but I just want to see something good happen for our team,” said captain Nick Foligno, who scored two goals on Monday. “I want us to realize the potential we have in here, and I want it to happen now.”
RECORDS AND FIRSTS
Columbus traded last off-season for forward Artemi Panarin, who became the star the team had hoped he would be. He broke Rick Nash's franchise record for points with 82 (27 goals, 55 assists).
He was great in the first three games of the playoffs but went quiet as Washington figured out how to pressure him.
The Blue Jackets sorely need another guy performing at Panarin's level. That could turn out to be Pierre Luc-Dubois, who broke franchise rookie records this season for goals and points (20-28-48). He centred the top line next to Panarin, and Tortorella said the playoffs contributed to his growth.
“At 19 years old, pushed into the forefront as far as being our No. 1 centre and coming into this series against a team that's pretty deep in the middle, he handled himself very well,” Tortorella said. “Were there some minutes he struggled? Yeah, but he's 19. It's just a great process for him to go through early in his career.”
SPARKLING BLUE LINE
The first-line defensive duo of Zach Werenski and Seth Jones again was one of the best in the NHL. Both set franchise scoring records for defencemen with 16 goals apiece. Werenski is just 20, and Jones is 23. That line should be strong for years to come.
QUESTIONS, QUESTIONS, QUESTIONS
After losing in the first round of each of four playoffs in its 17-season history, Columbus remains the only currently existing NHL franchise to never have won a playoff series.
What can get the Blue Jackets over the hump?
Another elite sniper to complement Panarin?
A much better season from forward Cam Atkinson? The former All-Star was the team's leading scorer last season but missed 17 games because of injury this time and never found his mojo. Other usually reliable forwards — including Foligno, Brandon Dubinsky and Boone Jenner — also were unspectacular.
Will the Blue Jackets pay up to keep Bobrovsky and Panarin? Both Russians have contracts that run through next season but are eligible for extensions in July. Panarin, who made $6 million against the cap this season, will be able to command a big raise.
——
Follow Mitch Stacy on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mitchstacy
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
HAPPY VALLEY GOOSE BAY, N.L. — A mayor of a Labrador community remains in hospital after being wounded in a hunting accident on Saturday.
Officials in Happy Valley Goose Bay, N.L., are confirming Mayor John Hickey was involved in a hunting accident but are providing few other details.
St. John's radio station VOCM is reporting Hickey suffered a gunshot wound to the face and underwent surgery on Sunday.
VOCM says RCMP indicated Hickey is sedated and unconscious in a St. John's hospital.
In a statement issued Sunday Happy Valley Goose Bay deputy mayor Wally Anderson says the community's thoughts and prayers are with Hickey and his family.
He says the council will continue to operate normally in Hickey's absence.
“At this time, we need to proceed with regular town operations as if Mayor Hickey were present,” Anderson said in the statement. “This is something council knows he would want, especially as we are in the midst of the 2018 budget process.”
The community is organizing a candlelight vigil for the community but a precise time and location haven't been determined yet.
Julian Assange sent his first tweet ever from a personal account back in February, and has been tweeting away since. But there's an impostor account that has been gaining steam recently. How much steam? Donald Trump Jr. just retweeted it.
A fake Julian Assange Twitter account tweeting about President Obama that was retweeted by Donald Trump Jr. on 14 August 2017 (Screenshot via Twitter)
The tweet from the fake Assange account reads, “Trump condemned hours ago. Did Obama denounce BLM or Antifa? Hillary? CNN? Double standard is driving the hate. True equality will fix it.”
And while it does sound like something the Wikileaks founder might say (he's kind of a dick), it's not actually from Julian Assange. That account only has 13,000 followers, not to mention the fact that it spells Julian's name with two N's. The real Assange has over 300,000 followers, and spells Julian correctly.
To make things more confusing for people on Twitter, Assange hasn't been verified. Getting verified doesn't mean much in the grand scheme of things, but Assange apparently believes it does and has added a blue diamond near his name. His diamond, which is fairly pathetic, is similar to the blue ticks that verified Twitter users have. The fake Assange account has an identical blue diamond, which again means nothing.
So, yeah. Assange tweets horrible things and is a huge asshole. (He has a way of making everything about himself.) But whoever's running @JuliannAssange isn't the real Assange. Literal fake news, as it were.
More Twitter Posts:
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. (WFLA) – April the giraffe suffered an injury at the Animal Adventure Park Monday morning, and viewer's constant emails to the park has the team ready to pull the live feed down.
April has a small twist of her leg and has been favoring it when she walks.
The park's veterinarian is aware of the issue, and the park said the injury is not unheard of in long-legged animals.
Related: April the giraffe gives birth: What to expect after the baby is born
The park posted on Facebook that they appreciate the concern, but they are being bogged down with emails regarding April's wellbeing.
“…but, the bogging down of email servers and other platforms is the exact reason the giraffe cam will need to be pulled,” the park posted.
The park did not say exactly when the feed would be pulled to YouTube.
The park is preparing to open for the season and said the emails are hindering their limited time.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
MOSOP flays delay in Ogoni clean-up
By Jimitota Onoyume
PORT HAR-COURT— Movement for the Survival of Ogoni People, MOSOP, has lamented the delay in effective take-off of Ogoni clean-up that was flagged off last year by the Federal Government.
Meantime, the United States of America has commended the Federal Government for initiating steps to resolve challenges of environmental pollution in Ogoniland.
US Ambassador to Nigeria, Stuart Symington, spoke yesterday, at MOSOP's office in Port Harcourt, Rivers State.
President of MOSOP, Mr Pyagbara Legborsi, told the envoy that the Federal Government had only put some official framework in place to drive the clean-up one year after it flagged off the exercise.
He decried the deteriorating security situation in Ogoni, saying the state and federal governments had not taken serious steps to resolve the challenge.
“Over the years, the state of insecurity in Ogoniland had sunk deeper without a commensurate response from the state and federal governments. At a point, we began to wonder whether the government was actually interested in furthering a successful clean up of Ogoniland with the levity being given to the security challenge in the area,” he said.
He said the amnesty granted repentant cultists in the state was likely going to be counter -productive because the government had not come up with a comprehensive and reintegration programme for those who embraced the amnesty.
The post MOSOP flays delay in Ogoni clean-up appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Wisconsin Rapids Police Department is helping to brighten spirits this holiday season, with the help of a local businessman.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Manchester United are hopeful of signing left-back Danny Rose from Tottenham Hotspur in the next transfer window, according to The Guardian.
Manager Jose Mourinho is looking to strengthen his options in both full-back positions and is ready to step up his interest in Rose.
The England international, aged 27, hinted he was interested in a move to Old Trafford last summer. In the same interview, given on the eve of the season, he questioned Spurs' transfer policy, wage structure and ambition.
Rose has had an injury-hit season. A knee injury sustained last season forced him to miss the start of the current campaign.
Without a pre-season under his belt, he has found himself behind Ben Davies in the pecking order for most of the season. Further niggles have not helped.
Mourinho was reportedly interested in moving for Rose in the January transfer window, but the former Leeds United youngster was injured again at the time.
He is keen to close the gap to champions Manchester City, who spent more than £100m on signing Kyle Walker from Spurs and Benjamin Mendy from Monaco last summer.
Rose, who is under contract until June 2021, would reportedly command a fee in the region of the £53m City paid for Walker.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Iowa linebacker says the Illini's switch at quarterback will change the game plan slightly Mark Emmert
Illinois Jeff George Jr. will make his starting debut against Iowa on Saturday. (Photo: Jasen Vinlove/USA TODAY Sports)
IOWA CITY, Ia. — Illinois is making a quarterback change for Saturday's game at Iowa, and it might play right into the Hawkeyes' hands.
Jeff George Jr. is set to make his first start this season when the Illini face Iowa in an 11 a.m. kickoff on what is forecast to be a rainy day at Kinnick Stadium.
George does not like to run. The quarterback he's replacing, Chayce Crouch, does. Based on recent games, that alone is an advantage for Iowa.
“We know where he's going to be,” Hawkeye defensive tackle Nathan Bazata said of George. “But just keeping him in there, that's kind of what we've been struggling with two weeks now.”
Michigan State's Brian Lewerke is tackled by Iowa's Ben Niemann during the first quarter of MSU's 17-10 win over Iowa on Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017, in East Lansing. (Photo: Kirthmon F. Dozier DFP)
The Hawkeyes won their first three games and held opposing quarterbacks to negative rushing yards in each. The past two weeks, both losses, Iowa has watched Penn State's Trace McSorley get loose for 61 yards on the ground and Michigan State's Brian Lewerke churn out 42 yards. Each quarterback had 15-yard gains in those wins that were deflating for a Hawkeye defense that otherwise held up well.
“We've had ends in the DMZ and tackles kind of getting pushed over to one side or the other. It's just really important for us to stay in our pass-rush lanes,” Bazata said.
DMZ?
“Dead Man's Zone,” Bazata clarified. “When (defensive ends) get past the quarterback, you're pretty much playing with 10 players.
“If we can get a three-, four-yard push as tackles and if the ends can squeeze the pocket, that will make him uncomfortable as he's throwing. That would be big for us.”
So that's where it starts for Iowa (3-2, 0-2 Big Ten Conference), which is looking to regain positive vibes heading into its bye week and is heavily favored to do so against an extremely raw Illinois team that has already pulled the plug on its starting quarterback.
READ HAWKEYE NEWS FOR FREE: Download the Hawk Central app on Download the Hawk Central app on iPhone, Android and follow us on Facebook
The Illini (2-2, 0-1) started 10 true freshmen in a Week 3 loss at South Florida. Before that, the most true freshmen to start games in an entire season for Illinois was nine in 1980.
“They have scholarship players just like us,” Iowa linebacker Ben Niemann reasoned, sounding like the senior he is. “You have to show up every game ready to compete or you're going to get exposed and give up big plays.”
Iowa blanketed Illinois 28-0 a year ago on a blustery day in Champaign.
Hawkeye middle linebacker Josey Jewell had 10 tackles in that game and recalled it as an efficient, balanced effort by the defense he leads. The Hawkeyes had seven tackles for loss and generated two turnovers, forcing Illinois to punt on its first 10 possessions.
That's the kind of performance Iowa is looking for again Saturday in less-than-ideal weather conditions. It's a chance for Iowa's defensive line to assert itself.
“We're not there yet,” Bazata said of a unit that goes eight players deep but has been disappointed to produce just 8 ½ sacks this season. “We need to take a big step forward this week so coming into our bye week, we can work on our technique more and hopefully keep climbing forward.”
Iowa isn't doing anything as dramatic as switching quarterbacks, but here are five Hawkeyes that might play a bigger role Saturday, and how that could help the team in a more challenging second half of the season:
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz addresses the possible game action junior safety Brandon Snyder could receive Saturday vs. Illinois. Chad Leistikow/The Register
Brandon Snyder
Last year's starting free safety was feared to be lost for the season when he tore an ACL in spring practices. Remarkably, the junior suited up last Saturday at Michigan State. Snyder figures to get on the field Saturday.
Buy Photo Brandon Snyder is shown walking out of the Iowa locker-room tunnel prior to the Sept. 23 game vs. Penn State. He was cleared to play last week vs. Michigan State and is expected to make his season debut Saturday vs. Illinois. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave, The Register)
“He's doing a good job in practice, and I think it's fair to say he may be out there. How much, I don't know yet,” Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz said.
Snyder was initially replaced by Jake Gervase. But Gervase was benched in favor of sophomore Amani Hooker the past three games and hasn't played a defensive snap in the last two. Snyder would give the Hawkeyes a veteran guiding hand in the back end of the defense, probably allowing for a three-man rotation at safety along with Hooker and senior Miles Taylor.
Toren Young
The redshirt freshman tailback saw his first game action in a Week 3 victory over North Texas. Starter Akrum Wadley tweaked an ankle in that game. Backup James Butler suffered an elbow injury that will sideline him for at least two more weeks.
But Young, after gaining 78 yards against North Texas, hasn't been seen since. Wadley has been spelled only occasionally by freshman Ivory Kelly-Martin.
Wadley said the plan is to get him some relief this week from both young tailbacks. Ferentz has been hinting at that for weeks as well.
“The other backs have to get ... more involved as we move forward,” Ferentz said. “You just kind of spread those touches around.”
With Butler's injury sounding as if it could be more serious than originally thought, establishing Young as a bruising change-of-pace back for the shifty Wadley could be more crucial than ever.
Levi Paulsen
Iowa's offensive line hasn't looked good in recent weeks, particularly against the Spartans, when Iowa was able to gain only 19 yards on the ground. Injuries have played a part in that, with tackle Ike Boettger lost for the season and guard Boone Myers dealing with a wobbly ankle that is limiting the push he can get.
Paulsen, a sophomore from Moville, played extensively in the win at Illinois last year but hasn't been used this season. This may be the week that changes, if only to try to get two weeks of rest for Myers.
“He's probably in the top seven right now, I think, based on our situation,” Ferentz said of Paulsen, who is listed as the second-string right guard. “He's fine physically now … he's in the equation for sure.”
Buy Photo Iowa's Tristan Wirfs (74) warms up before taking on North Texas at Kinnick Stadium on Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017, in Iowa City. (Photo: Brian Powers/The Register)
Tristan Wirfs
The hulking freshman offensive tackle saw a few snaps against North Texas but was injured in practice the next week and hasn't played since. The Hawkeyes are already playing two tackles who weren't listed as starters there heading into the season — redshirt freshman Alaric Jackson and senior Sean Welsh, whose best position is guard. So getting the 6-foot-5, 315-pound Wirfs into that mix could be extremely beneficial.
“We're not as deep as we thought we'd be or hoped to be” on the offensive line, Ferentz said. “I think we've seen (Wirfs) improve now the last couple weeks.”
Ryan Gersonde
For a while last week, it appeared as if Iowa might be making a switch to the true freshman punter. Sophomore Colten Rastetter has yet to distinguish himself (39.7-yard average) in his first year as the starter and had a particularly rough first half against the Spartans, leaving his team at a field position disadvantage. Gersonde, a Wisconsin native on scholarship, was warming up in earnest at halftime but Iowa punted only once in the second half, deep in its own territory, and Rastetter responded with his best punt of the game, a 40-yarder with solid hang time.
Still, a team that is struggling to run the ball and is relying on its defense to win games, could use more of a lift from its punter. Ferentz wasn't tipping his hand this week on who will punt, but did say “we're keeping an open mind.”
“We'll let the guys compete again in practice, see how it goes,” he added.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE IOWA FOOTBALL NEWS CONFERENCE: VS. ILLINOIS Akrum Wadley frustrated by Michigan State loss | 1:56 The Iowa tailback believes it was a winnable game, and everyone on offense needs to work toward a solution Mark Emmert 1 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE IOWA FOOTBALL NEWS CONFERENCE: VS. ILLINOIS Ben Niemann on new Illinois quarterback Jeff George | 1:29 The Iowa linebacker says Illini can't be taken lightly Mark Emmert 2 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE IOWA FOOTBALL NEWS CONFERENCE: VS. ILLINOIS Parker Hesse on the beauty of football | 1:19 The Iowa defensive end compares the game and approach to individual-based sports. Chad Leistikow 3 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE IOWA FOOTBALL NEWS CONFERENCE: VS. ILLINOIS Josey Jewell: ‘We've hit a couple bumps' | 1:34 The Iowa linebacker discusses how to practice better, improve faster. Chad Leistikow 4 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE IOWA FOOTBALL NEWS CONFERENCE: VS. ILLINOIS Boone Myers on trying to achieve blocking perfection | 1:29 The Iowa lineman realizes it's been tough to gain yards the past two weeks, but knows it is possible. Chad Leistikow 5 of 5 Last VideoNext Video Akrum Wadley frustrated by Michigan State loss
Ben Niemann on new Illinois quarterback Jeff George
Parker Hesse on the beauty of football
Josey Jewell: ‘We've hit a couple bumps'
Boone Myers on trying to achieve blocking perfection
ILLINOIS (2-2, 0-1 Big Ten) AT IOWA (3-2, 0-2)
WHERE: Kinnick Stadium, Iowa City
TIME/TV: 11:01 a.m., BTN (announcers: Brandon Gaudin, Glen Mason, Elise Menaker)
LINE: Hawkeyes by 17½
WEATHER: 69 degrees and rainy; winds from south-southwest at 15-25 mph
OF NOTE: Iowa is 13-5 in homecoming games under coach Kirk Ferentz
A tussle between a staffer at Rep. Dana Rohrabacher's Huntington Beach office and activists on Tuesday resulted in a 2-year-old girl being knocked in the head by a door and the congressman's 71-year-old district director being transported to a local hospital after falling to the ground.
Neither the child nor the aide was seriously injured.
Just before the early-afternoon incident, about 100 constituents gathered on the street and sent a group of about a dozen to Republican Rohrabacher's third floor office to deliver Valentine's Day cards asking the congressman to hold a town hall meeting. The strategy also was used at least two other Orange County Congress members' local offices Monday and Tuesday.
Finding the office doors locked, the activists shoved the cards under the door. The 2-year-old daughter of Megan Blash of Huntington Beach was adding a card when the door opened suddenly and the girl, who was bending over, was hit on the head. She began crying but was comforted by her mother and did not appear injured.
“She was just startled, mostly,” Blash said several hours later.
At least one of the activists then began tugging at the door while the woman on the other side, district director Kathleen Staunton, tried to close it. A male activist then grabbed the door and forcefully pulled it open. That caused Staunton, who was pulling from the other side, to fall.
She was then helped to her feet and returned inside the office, while the door was closed and locked.
Rohrabacher spokesman Ken Grubbs said Staunton later fell unconscious and was transported to a local hospital by paramedics.
“I don't think anybody from either side was trying to hurt anybody,” Blash said.
But Rohrabacher harshly condemned the activists.
“Deliberate or not, the incident came as part of a mob action that not only intimidates but coerces,” he said in a statement. “Though protesters think of themselves as idealists, they engaged in political thuggery, pure and simple.”
A large majority of those on hand were women, many of them senior citizens. They had planned to send people to Rohrabacher's office in groups of ten to avoid congesting the building's hallways, although police asked all activists to leave after the tussle.
A reporter accompanying the group up to the office heard one activist tell others in the group to be quiet.
“Try to keep it down in the hallways – there are other businesses here,” she said.
After the incident, Aliso Viejo jeweler Patti Jo Kiraly, 56, said, “We're all sorry that happened. That was very sad. We should all write apology letters.”
Activists belonging to a group called Indivisible have been calling on Republican Congress members nationwide to hold town hall meetings so they can express concerns with policies and appointments of President Donald Trump. It was the fourth visit the group has made to Rohrabacher's office.
None of Orange County's four Republican Congress members has publicly scheduled any town hall meetings since Trump took office.
Contact the writer: mwisckol@ocregister.com
“Even ‘rats' make babies,” Emeka Ike Shades Wife
Nollywood actor, Emeka Ike who has been in the news recently first for his war of words with major rival and actress, Ibinabo Fiberesima and later for his marital issues has thrown a major shade at his wife. Recall that news broke some weeks ago that the actor separated from his wife of 17 years,…
The post “Even ‘rats' make babies,” Emeka Ike Shades Wife appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's happening: The Spice Girls – all of them – have reunited to work on new projects.
Advertisement
Victoria Beckham (Posh Spice, obvs), Geri Horner (Ginger), Emma Bunton (Baby), Melanie Brown (Scary) and Melanie Chisholm (Sporty) confirmed they were reunifying the '90s girl power five-piece for “incredible new opportunities together”.
“We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls,” the group said in a statement confirming their reunion.
“The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together. We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
Just before the news was announced, the five Spices were pictured and videoed together, alongside the band's former manager Simon Fuller.
Each of the band members posted the reunion pics alongside some Spice-tastic captions: Bunton told her followers that the “future is looking spicy”, while Horner said “#girlpower is alive and well”, and Beckham posted “Love my girls!!! So many kisses!!!”.
And fans including Rylan Clark and Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown (who, at 13, was four years old when the Spice Girls first broke up in 2000) were very happy about the news.
Stop right now thank you very much🆘🚑🙏 pic.twitter.com/6x8nM5NxwP — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) February 2, 2018
Advertisement
The band – famous for singles such as Wannabe and Who Do You Think You Are – have sold over 85 million records worldwide, one of the best-selling pop groups of all time. They last worked together in 2012 for the London Olympic closing ceremony. Before then, the group reformed for a 2007 world tour to accompany the release of their greatest hits album.
NIAGARA, N.Y. — Jamaal King scored 26 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer in overtime, Keith Braxton added 24 points to go with 12 rebounds and St. Francis (Pa.) edged past Niagara for a 93-87 win Sunday.
St. Francis (4-5) opened the extra period with King's 3, his second of the game, to spark a 7-0 burst that made it 85-78 and put the Red Flash in front for good.
Niagara (4-6) trimmed the gap back to four, 91-87, with its final bucket of the game, a 3-pointer from James Towns, but King stretched the advantage back to six with a pair of free throws with nine seconds to go and St. Francis hung on.
Andre Wolford finished with 16 points for St. Francis, which shot 52 per cent from the field, including 8 of 15 from long range, and controlled the glass 43-35.
Kahlil Dukes led Niagara with 25 points and 11 assists, Matt Scott added 22 points — including the layup at the end of regulation to tie the game at 78 and force OT — and Dominic Robb had 17 points.
MADRID — Spain's maritime rescue service says it has saved 104 migrants trying to make the perilous crossing of the Mediterranean Sea to Europe from North Africa.
The service says its rescue craft Guardamar Concepcion Arenal intercepted two boats carrying 53 and 22 migrants each overnight and early Sunday in the Strait of Gibraltar. The same rescue vessel also took on board another 25 migrants that a Civil Guard patrol craft had picked up at sea.
Another rescue craft, the Salvamar Denebola, later spotted a tiny rubber boat carrying four more migrants that it took to shore.
Tens of thousands of migrants try to reach Europe each year in small smugglers' boats unfit for the open sea, with thousands dying in the attempt.
Those who can stand the cold will have an opportunity this week to spy the year's best meteor shower.
The Geminids peak Wednesday night into Thursday morning. The meteors in this shower are often bright and numerous, with between 50 and 120 visible each hours during the peak, depending on how dark the sky is.
Heads up! With darker skies and high rates expected, this year's Geminids meteor shower is a can't miss! LEARN MORE >> https://t.co/q1frtwoPCX pic.twitter.com/Lh6mhiFWXB -- NASA Marshall (@NASA_Marshall) December 8, 2017
This year, the thin, waning crescent moon means the meteor shower won't have to overcome moonlight, according to NASA. But in the Lehigh Valley, sky watchers will have to time their viewing within an expected clear window between cloud cover.
The National Weather Service forecasts clouds will break up early in the evening, then begin building again after midnight. Conditions should be adequate for meteor-watching between 8 and 11 p.m. Wednesday, said meteorologist Michael Silva.
But make sure you bundle up: Lows that night are expected to dip into the 20s and upper teens in some places. And it could feel even colder due to arctic air and wind, according to AccuWeather.
To observe the Geminids, get away from bright lights and find a place with a broad view of the sky. Meteors will appear at any point in the sky, but those from the shower can be traced back to the constellation Gemini.
If clouds or cold prevent you from watching the meteor shower, NASA will broadcast it live online starting at sunset Wednesday.
The story of Bethlehem's star
These meteors are particles of an object called 3200 Phaethon, which is thought to be an asteroid or extinct comet that orbits the sun every 1.4 years. The shower happens when the Earth passes through the particle stream.
As a bonus this year, amateur astronomers can see a close pass of 3200 Phaethon on Saturday with a small telescope.
Steve Novak may be reached at snovak@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @type2supernovak and Facebook. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Hosting Macron, Trump rips into ‘disaster' Iran deal
US President Donald Trump pilloried the Iran nuclear deal as “insane” Tuesday and threatened “problems” if Tehran restarts controversial programs, exposing a deep rift with European allies.
Hosting French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office, Trump punctured a carefully choreographed display of trans-Atlantic camaraderie with an angry tirade against the three-year old nuclear accord.
The US leader groused that the agreement — inked by the United States, Iran, Europe, Russia and China — does nothing to tackle Tehran's ballistic missiles program or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
“People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never ever been made,” Trump railed. “It's insane. It's ridiculous.”
The agreement, still backed by Europe, gave Iran massive sanctions relief and the guarantee of a civilian nuclear program in return for curbs on programs that could be used to develop a nuke.
It did not tackle western complains about Iran's ballistic missile programs or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
Trump faces a May 12 deadline to decide on the fate of the accord and is demanding changes that European capitals believe would represent a legal breach.
Iran, meanwhile, has warned it will ramp up enrichment activities if Trump walks away from the accord, prompting Trump to issue a blunt warning.
“They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before. And you can mark it down,” he said.
Macron is visiting Washington, in part, to convince Trump not to walk away from the deal and scuttle years-worth of hard won diplomatic gains.
“The Iran deal is an important issue but we have to take a far broader picture which is security in the overall region,” he said Tuesday at the White House.
“What we want to do is to contain Iran and its presence in the region.”
For months American and European officials have been working behind the scenes to trying to find a compromise over Trump's demands to change the agreement.
Officials have toyed with the idea of a separate joint declaration: promising to tackle non-nuclear issues, while searching for a tougher successor agreement.
The challenge, they say, is to find a solution that allows the mercurial US president to claim a public victory, while keeping the deal intact.
More hawkish American officials accuse Europeans — particularly Germany — of putting business interests ahead of security, and of opposing a tougher stance against Iran to safeguard investments in the Islamic Republic.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bob Diamond Courts Pimco, Fidelity in Trading Push at Atlas Mara – Bloomberg
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND — Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant is out of the lineup against the Cleveland Indians two days after being hit on the head by a pitch.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon said before Tuesday night's game that the 2016 National League MVP has a cut above his left eye but no concussion after being hit Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
“I think he's fine, but getting hit in the head is a pretty traumatic experience,” Maddon said. “Fortunately, it never happened to me, but it happened to him.”
The pitch hit the underside of the flap on Bryant's helmet, and he was helped off the field. Bryant is batting .319 with two homers and 11 RBIs this season.
Tommy La Stella started at third base and batted fifth Tuesday. Second baseman Javier Baez batted second, in Byrant's usual spot in the lineup.
Shortstop Addison Russell was in the lineup after experiencing an allergic reaction to a postgame meal Sunday in the Cubs' clubhouse. Russell, who is allergic to shellfish, began eating what he thought was lemon chicken but actually was shrimp.
Russell spent the night in Denver after being hospitalized briefly and rejoined the team Monday.
“Being taken on a gurney by paramedics was pretty scary,” he said. “I went to the hospital, they gave me an IV, and three hours later I was fine.”
The Cubs are making their first appearance at Progressive Field since beating the Indians in Game 7 of the 2016 World Series to win their first title since 1908.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Below is a pool report from Thursday's Eagles' practice, written by Kimberly Martin and provided by the Pro Football Writers of America.
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Philadelphia Eagles were fully accounted for on Friday, the final full practice of the week before Super Bowl LII, head coach Doug Pederson said.
That includes veteran defensive tackle Tim Jernigan, who was a full participant in his first practice after being sequestered with an illness all week.
Running back Jay Ajayi (ankle) practiced fully, as did cornerback Ronald Darby (illness), defensive tackle Fletcher Cox (calf) and linebacker Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring).
It was a typical Friday practice for the Eagles, complete with their standard emphasis on red-zone drills, plus a final review of first-, second- and third-down, short-yardage and goal-line drills. "That's kind of the main focus every Friday," Pederson explained, "Just to tie up any loose ends maybe from the week."
So how does Pederson know he's done enough to prepare his team for the defending champion New England Patriots?
"I've been around these guys all year and I can tell by the way they practice -- the speed, the tempo, assignment sound, the energy level. Things like that lead me to believe because I've seen it all season," he said. "Now, that doesn't tell you how they're going to play. But it just tells you that they're prepared and ready to go into this game."
The final whistle blew at 1:50 p.m., roughly an hour and 20 minutes after the afternoon session began. Following the team's normal post-practice stretch, Pederson stood near midfield, surrounded by his players, coaches and front office executives, and delivered a lengthy speech. With it being the last full practice of the week, and the team's final Friday practice of the season, Pederson felt compelled to have "a private little moment." He stressed the importance of seizing the moment and also having fun.
"Play loose, have fun, enjoy the moment," he said, relaying what he told his players. "These opportunities, as you know, don't come around every year. Also, make sure just to reflect on this season, reflect on the journey that got us here. But just play for one another, have fun and enjoy it."
The next speech reserved for the Eagles will be a special one as well. Pederson's former Green Bay Packers quarterback and Hall of Famer Brett Favre is scheduled to land in Minneapolis on Friday, according to Pederson, and will address the team Saturday morning.
After three days of practicing at the University of Minnesota's Gibson-Nagurski Complex, the Eagles will hold a 30-minute walkthrough on Saturday at U.S. Bank Stadium, the site of Super Bowl LII.
Root-cause analysis (RCA) has its roots in incident management, but reports of RCA's demise may be greatly exaggerated. Being able to proactively identify the sources of event storms and performance anomalies will require automated, real-time root-cause analysis.
I think Enterprise Management Associates said it well:
“The data and metrics collected at instrumentation points across the application ecosystem are essential to performance monitoring and root cause analysis.
However, analytics capable of transforming data and metrics into an application-focused report or dashboards are what separates actual application monitoring from relatively simple silo monitoring.
Analytics add the context necessary to understand the role of each moving part in the end-to-end execution environment, a viewpoint that is absolutely critical for rapid – and eventually automated – problem determination and resolution.
Without this context, these solutions would simply be operational data stores versus true tools capable of insight into application ecosystems.”
– Sturm, Rick; Pollard, Carol; Craig, Julie. Application Performance Management (APM) in the Digital Enterprise: Managing Applications for Cloud, Mobile, IoT and eBusiness
So, this is why we're hearing so much about “analytics.” Root-cause analysis is, and should be, part of this discussion.
Read the entire article here, APM, Analytics and Root-Cause Analysis
Via the fine folks at eG Innovations.
CLEMSON, S.C. — Donte Grantham scored 16 of his 20 points in the second half to lead the Tigers to an 81-59 victory over Samford on Saturday.
All five of Clemson's starters scored in double figures. Shelton Mitchell also had 20 points, Gabe DeVoe scored 14 and Marcquise Reed and Elijah Thomas added 13 and 11, respectively.
The Tigers (8-1), who shot 42 per cent in the game, matched their longest winning streak of the season at four games and are off to their best start since the 2008-09 season.
“I'm pleased with the way our guys are handling their business. We're approaching things very well,” Clemson coach Brad Brownell said. “I'm excited with how this group has been coachable. We'll see where we go now.”
Samford (2-8) outshot Clemson at 45 per cent from the floor and led early in the second half before getting outscored 34-11 in the final 13 minutes.
Justin Coleman led the Bulldogs with 17 points and Demetrius Denzel-Dyson added 12. Samford lost the turnover battle 22-9, and Clemson scored 22 points off of those mistakes.
“We started off slow, but that's a real good team,” said Thomas, who added 11 rebounds to record his third double-double of the season. “We have to match their energy.”
The Tigers overcame a rough night of shooting from behind the arc. Seven of Clemson's first eight shots were 3-pointers, with only one falling. The Tigers shot 4 of 20 from behind the arc and made seven field goals in the first half. They finished 9 of 36 on 3-pointers.
Samford confused the Tigers with a zone defence that forced Clemson to take so many long shots.
“They were playing packed in a zone and we missed a million shots,” Brownell said. “That's not easy to coach or fix or play. We just had to stick with it.”
The Tigers, who led 35-30 at halftime, were able to eventually wear the Bulldogs down with their defence and transition offence in the second half.
Samford opened the second half with a 12-3 run and took its first lead since the 11:13 mark of the first half with a 3-pointer by Denzel-Dyson four minutes into the second half, forcing Brownell to have a heart-to-heart with his team.
“It was the first time in a while I really had to get after them a little bit,” Brownell said. “The game is not always easy. You better go figure out another way (to win) than just making shots.”
The teams traded baskets and the lead for the next three minutes, but Clemson went on an 8-0 run to go up 55-48 on a DeVoe 3-pointer. The Tigers eventually pushed their lead to double digits on a layup by Mitchell with 6:38 to play.
Clemson extended that run to 19-2 to go up 74-55 with 3:20 remaining and cruise to victory the rest of the way.
“All of us were kind of down because we felt like we were missing easy shots,” Mitchell said. “That negative energy kind of messed up our team defensively. Once we hit a couple shots and coach got on to us, we got our rhythm.”
BIG PICTURE
Samford: The Bulldogs, who were picked to finish second in the Southern Conference, wrapped up their games against teams from major conferences on Saturday. They lost to Arkansas and LSU by an average of 29 points before the 22-point loss at Clemson.
Clemson: The Tigers came into the game playing their best basketball of the season and raised their overall confidence with consecutive routs over Ohio State and UNC Asheville in part to improved defence and chemistry from last year, when they missed the NCAA tournament.
STAT OF THE DAY
Clemson's three points from its bench is the fewest of the 2017-18 season. Coming into Saturday, the non-starters combined to score as many as 38 in a game this season and as few as seven. A.J. Oliver hit a first-half 3-pointer as the Clemson bench was 1 of 4 from the field.
UP NEXT
Samford hosts Thomas University on Friday.
Clemson takes on No. 5 Florida in the MetroPCS Orange Bowl Classic on Saturday in Sunrise, Florida.
Kaduna govt. introduces residency card
Those staying in Kaduna beyond 180 days must get the card.
The post Kaduna govt. introduces residency card appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Brendan Pierson
(Reuters) - A former Turkish police investigator on Monday told jurors in the trial of a Turkish bank executive charged with evading U.S. sanctions against Iran that he found shoeboxes full of cash in the home of another high-ranking Turkish banker.
The investigator, Huseyin Korkmaz was testifying in Manhattan federal court for U.S. prosecutors in the trial of Mehmet Hakan Atilla, an executive at the majority state-owned Halkbank accused of taking part in a scheme to evade sanctions with gold trader Reza Zarrab.
Zarrab, a Turkish and Iranian national, has pleaded guilty and testified against Atilla for the prosecutors. Atilla has pleaded not guilty.
The case has strained ties between the United States and Turkey, both members of the NATO military alliance. President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has cast the trial as an attempt to undermine his country and its economy.
On Monday, Korkmaz told the jury that he began investigating Zarrab in 2012 for smuggling gold and money laundering. He said the probe quickly expanded to encompass government officials, including President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, then prime minister, and Zafer Caglayan, then finance minister, as well as former Halkbank general manager Suleyman Aslan.
Erdoğan has called the 2012-2013 investigation a "judicial coup" orchestrated by his political enemies, and has claimed the current U.S. case is politically motivated as well.
Reuters was unable to reach Caglayan or Aslan for comment. Halkbank has denied involvement with any illegal transactions.
Korkmaz testified that a search of Aslan's home had turned up shoeboxes full of cash, which Korkmaz said were bribes from Zarrab. The gold trader previously testified that he bribed Aslan.
Zarrab's influence with Turkish officials was such that he was able to have a police chief whom he did not like exiled, Korkmaz said.
U.S. prosecutors have charged a total of nine people in the case with conspiring to help Iran evade sanctions. Only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, have been arrested by U.S. authorities.
After jurors left the courtroom for lunch, U.S. District Judge Richard Berman said that Atilla's lawyers had told him they planned to move for a mistrial at the end of Korkmaz's testimony, on the grounds that it was irrelevant to Atilla.
Berman said he had concerns about the testimony's relevance as well.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Lockard, one of the prosecutors, said further questions for Korkmaz would address those concerns.
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Alden Bentley)
A female stunt driver was killed today in a motorcycle crash on the set of Deadpool 2, the Vancouver Police Department says.
Details are sketchy, but law enforcement in the hometown of star Ryan Reynolds first alerted the tragedy on social media this morning and has not identified the victim:
A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle. VPD & @WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene. — Vancouver Police (@VancouverPD) August 14, 2017
Witnesses told CTV News the crew was filming a stunt sequence involving a motorcycle at Jack Poole Plaza when something went wrong. A CTV reporter tweeted this from the site:
Stunt person hurt on set of Deadpool 2 loaded into Advanced Life Support ambulance that hasn't moved. Anxious crew looking on. @CTVVancouverpic.twitter.com/iTU2awp7Qs — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
Ambulance has left set of Deadpool 2 with injured stunt person. Lights and sirens were not on as it pulled away. @CTVVancouverpic.twitter.com/iMheLitA7q — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
Deadline has reached out for additional comment from Vancouver PD but has yet to hear back. In a statement, the film's distributor, 20th Century Fox, said: “We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning. Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
Today's accident marks the second on-set death of a stunt performer in North America in about a month; stuntman John Bernecker suffered massive head injuries in a fall July 12 on the set of The Walking Dead and later died at Atlanta Medical Center. It is believed to be the first stunt-related death in the United States in more than 17 years. AMC temporarily halted production on Season 8 of the zombie apocalypse series in the wake of the accident.
Reynolds had tweeted this last week, with the film's title obviously being a joke:
Thank you #VPD. And the great people of Vancouver for putting up with road closures and traffic delays as we film Spider-Man downtown. pic.twitter.com/EweL1TtM2k — Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) August 8, 2017
—Erik Pedersen and David Robb contributed to this report.
Related stories:
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock was obsessed with video poker, and it may have made him rich before he staged the deadliest shooting spree in modern American history, according to reports.
Read: Mom of 4, Husband Who Shielded Wife Among 59 Confirmed Dead in Las Vegas Massacre
The 64-year-old was a regular at the Mandalay Bay's "high-limit slots" room, where only high rollers are permitted to play. He spent 16 hours there the weekend of the massacre, according to a hostess who served him.
Video poker has been called "the crack-cocaine of gambling," and Paddock would sit at one of the machines for hours at a time.
He was focused and methodical and the only thing that moved were his fingers, working furiously as he played as many as 100 hands in an hour.
Former professional gambler Anthony Curtis spoke to Inside Edition about video poker.
"He was absolutely a high level video poker player in terms of the amount that he spent and the amount that he wagered,” he said. “Video poker is a game where you can do better than the guy next to you if you understand strategy."
Paddock was such a high roller that the luxury suite where he launched his shooting spree was comped by the hotel.
Last May, Paddock invited his brother, Eric, and a nephew to a free weekend at The Wynn Hotel where he had "chairman's club" status. They feasted on sushi dinners and saw a show. All of it was comped.
Forensic psychiatrist Dr. Keith Ablow spoke to Inside Edition about his disposition and why Paddock may have gravitated toward video poker.
"He wasn't playing poker sitting with people at a table. It might well be that he preferred video poker. What else do we know about this man? We know his neighbors said he lacked the social graces most of us have. More than one said that he would say hello to him – no hello back, no wave back.”
Watch: Food Truck Serves Hundreds of Free Meals Daily Following Las Vegas Massacre
Related Articles:
Bayern Munich sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon
Bayern Munich have signed Lyon star Corentin Tolisso for a fee believed to be in the region of £35million.
Tolisso passed a medical with the Bundesliga champions on Wednesday after an agreement was reached between the two teams and the player.
The club confirmed that Tolisso, 22, has signed a five year deal until 2022 after impressing in Ligue 1 last season.
He becomes Bayern's fifth signing of the summer already as Carlo Ancelotti strengthens the Bundesliga champions ahead of next season.
Ex-Arsenal winger Serge Gnabry has joined from Werder Bremen and Hoffenheim duo Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Sule agreed deals to move to Munich back in January. Kingsley Coman's loan from Juventus was also made permanent.
Tolisso was an unused substitute as France beat England 3-2 in a friendly at the Stade de France on Tuesday night.
The 22-year-old admitted earlier this month he was open to leaving Lyon after they failed to qualify for the Champions League and finished a disappointing fourth in Ligue 1.
He scored 14 times in 47 appearances for Lyon last season, earning him a call up to the France senior squad in March.
Fellow Lyon midfielder Maxime Gonalons' agent revealed in April that a deal to take Tolisso to Napoli fell though last summer due to concerns over living in Naples – associated with watching TV show Gomorrah.
Bayern won their fifth straight Bundesliga title this season and made it to the Champions League quarter-finals before losing to eventual champions Real Madrid.
The post Bayern Munich sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Many people expect to find sweet treats of chocolate and jellybeans on Easter morning, but one family in South Carolina woke up to a much different surprise.
Peter Cottontail didn't come knocking on the door of Steve and Susie Polston's back porch -- instead, it was a 9-foot alligator.
Describing the noise that drew her from bed, Susie Polston told ABC station WCIV, “It sounded like aluminum rubbing up against aluminum.”
One glass door was all that separated Susie and her husband Steve from the large reptile.
According to the Polstons, the intruding gator broke through a locked door before settling among patio furniture on their porch.
“We were in disbelief that he actually made his way up the stairs, because we didn't know alligators would climb stairs,” Susie said.
Responding wildlife specialists spent hours unsuccessfully trying to move the alligator into outdoor territory.
Deemed too much of a threat to handle by the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources, the alligator was eventually killed.
Yesterday, we got a look at a new Supreme collaboration dropping this Thursday as a homage to the classic horror flick Hellraiser. It was one that caught us by surprise – maybe even scared the shit out of a few people – but it definitely got us thinking of a few possibilities.
Take a look at 10 horror films that would make killer streetwear collaborations. Keep scrolling to peep our full casting call:
Child's Play x KITH Kids
Aside from the fact that KITH Kids is probably the only brand a Chucky doll can actually fit in for the lookbook, the accessories alone would make this the greatest brand mashup ever. Chucky Machete keychains? Life-size Streetwear Chucky? Copped!
Scream x A Bathing Ape
A brand that will never die meets a slasher flick franchise that refuses to die as well. A Bape Ape mask would be fire, and Ghostface tees would obviously sell out. Hey, maybe this could even be the perfect tie-in with the new Scream series on MTV so people will actually watch it.
Psycho x Anti Social Social Club
Norman Bates is the OG antisocial, so this collaboration is pretty much right on brand. The color theme: black and white. The standout piece: transparent shower curtains. Sold exclusively at boutique motels across America and a limited release overseas.
Halloween x The Hundreds
Remember that scene in Halloween II (SPOILER ALERT!) when Michael Myers is burnt to a crisp in the hospital? Yeah, that was the The Hundreds' signature bomb mascot working its magic. Now the two meet again for a “Halloween VS The Hundreds” end-all battle to the finish — complimented by a few coaches jackets and snapbacks for us to enjoy during the melee. Somebody get Universal Studios on the line!
Stephen King's It x Stüssy
We chose Stüssy because they're the only brand outside of Supreme that could sell red balloons for over $10 and the world will line up to cop them with no questions asked. Also, a yellow Anorak-style raincoat as a tribute to Georgie would definitely sell out ASAP.
Nightmare on Elm Street x adidas
We all know adidas is the ultimate brand for turning our streetwear dreams into realities, but imagine what warped up nightmares they could come with! Getting the granddaddy of night terrors in the mix would be perfect. Anything with Freddy Krueger's face on it, or even his menacing claw marks, will have people running for their lives just as equally they will be running for fitness.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre x Louis Vuitton
A leather goods brand that does wonders with streetwear collabs. A killer with the actual name Leatherface. Do we really need to state the obvious here? Besides, with the work that guy has done using only a needle and human flesh, we can only imagine what could come from a creative session alongside Virgil Abloh.
Saw x UNDEFEATED
With as many sequels that we've seen Jigsaw come back to life in — not to mention that 3D movie *face-palm* — there's no denying that he's the undisputed, undefeated killer of slasher films. If this one ever happens IRL, we wouldn't need a life-threatening booby trap puzzle to appreciate life.
Poltergeist x Patta
This one works strictly as a win for alliteration aficionados. On top of that, Patta is famous for dropping collaborations that have people possessed – err, we mean obsessed! – to get their hands on.
Nosferatu x Nike
If we're talking about the greatest, oldest horror to ever exist, you've got to pull out the big boys to get the job done. Nike will make a campaign video, a sneaker, an apparel line, and a landing page – and that's just for starters. All Nosferatu has to is sleep during the day and promote at night during a few dimly-lit events. Perfect if you ask us.
Got any ideas for a horror streetwear collab? Let us know over on Facebook and Twitter!
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — The Illinois governor's mansion is moving into a new phase as officials solicit volunteers to serve as greeters and docents when the mansion reopens this summer following a $15 million renovation.
The Illinois Executive Mansion had fallen into disrepair after years of neglect, the State Journal-Register reported. But with the financial support of the non-profit Illinois Executive Mansion Association, the “people's house” is almost ready to open once again to the public.
The Illinois Department of Natural Resources will oversee the mansion. The department said volunteers will play an important role in sharing the educational experience of the mansion with those who visit. Volunteer duties include welcoming guests, providing tourism information and creating a hospitable environment.
The restored mansion includes a visitor's centre on the first floor, which will provide space for orientations for large student groups and to show a short informational video before tours.
It also will include exhibits highlighting 1893's World Columbian Exposition, Illinois life during the Civil War, the children who have lived in the mansion and a project showcasing 80 pieces of fine and decorative art throughout the building.
“This is a very valuable part of the educational experience and the civic responsibility experience, which is also very new in terms of the educational offerings for the Executive Mansion,” said Justin Blandford, the site superintendent for state historic sites in Springfield.
——
Information from: The State Journal-Register, http://www.sj-r.com
$496m arms fund: Reps say Buhari has committed an impeachable offence
Members of the House of Representatives, in a rowdy session on Tuesday, accused President Muhammadu Buhari of committing an impeachable offence over the anticipatory approval granted for the release of total sum of $462 million for procurement of Super Tucano Aircraft from the United States Government.
The aggrieved opposition lawmakers, including a number of All Progressive Congress (APC) reps, alleged that President Buhari's action is an impeachable offence.
The lawmakers made their feelings known when a letter titled: ‘Supplementary input to the 2018 Appropriation bill: Purchase of Super Tucano Aircraft from the United States Government,' dated 13th April, 2018 was read on the floor.
In the letter Buhari disclosed that $1 billion was approved by the State Governors at the Federal Economic Council on 14th December, 2017 where a resolution was passed to buy arms to equip the security agencies in the country.
“With the Council approving that up to $1 billion may be released and utilized from the Excess Crude Account to address the situation. Subsequent upon this approval, we are preparing a comprehensive schedule of all the requirements for each of the security services for presentation to the National Assembly for consideration.
He explained that Nigeria had been in discussions with the US government for a number of years for the purchase of the Super Tucano Aircraft under a direct government-to-government arrangement, adding that the US government recently granted the approval with a deadline within which part payment must be made otherwise the contract would elapse.
“In expectation that the National Assembly would have no objection to the purchase of this highly specialized Aircraft, which is critical to national security, I granted anticipatory approval for the release of $496,374,470. This was paid directly to the Treasury of the United States Government.
“I am therefore writing, seeking approval of this House for the sum of $496,374,470 (equivalent to N151,394,421,335) to be included in the 2018 Appropriation bill, which the National Assembly is currently finalizing.
“The balance of the requirements for critical operational equipment is still being collated from different security services, and will be presented in the form of a supplementary Appropriation bill, in due course,” Bihari said in the two-page letter.
He also informed the House that the Minister of Defence and other appropriate officers will be available to provide further details as may be required by the Lower Chamber.
However, the ‘anticipatory approval' granted by the President generated a heated debate as some aggrieved lawmakers described Buhari's action as an impeachable offence and breach of the provisions of the 1999 Constitution (as amended).
Kingsley Chinda, chairman, House Committee on Public Accounts who raised a point of order, argued that “there's nowhere in our laws that talk about anticipatory approval, that's the content of the letter Mr Speaker just read.
“Last week, we asked our committee on ethics to look at the issue, but clearly Mr President has now said that it has been expended.”
“Is this National Assembly a rubber stamp? (Members shouted no). Let's even say there's something like anticipatory approval, what if we fail to approve?”
“This is an impeachable offence. There's no misconduct that's bigger than this kind of action. There's no country that will tolerate this. I think this is an indication of what has been happening.”
“I urge that we begin impeachment process on Mr President based on this offence,” the River State lawmaker proposed.
On his part, Ali Madaki (APC-Kano) who cited the provisions of Section 1 of the 1999 Constitution observed that the content of the constitution shall be binding on everybody, and that any other law inconsistent with it is null and void.
“So, I believe that even if our rules say so, this constitution overrides that.”
On his part, Shehu Garba who warned the House not to trivialize the issue at hand, maintained that all the Parliamentarians have sworn oath to defend the Constitution, hence should leave no stone unturned to commence the impeachment process.
He also argued that the House should not sweep aside the issue of N460 million fuel subsidies being spent by the present administration every day without the approval of the National Assembly. He said it further confirms the level of impunity being perpetuated by Buhari's government.
In his contribution, Sunday Karimi (PDP-Kogi), also expressed concern over the breach of the constitution.
“My colleague has raised a very crucial constitutional point, and I think we shouldn't waste time in acting. Mr President has accepted that he breached the Constitution and he should be ready to face the consequences.”
However, in his intervention, Pally Iriase, Majority Deputy Chief Whip and Mohammed Monguno (APC-Borno) pleaded that the debate should be allowed to scale through first reading and would be subjected to further debate when the bill is slated for second reading.
In the same vein, Chukwuka Onyeama, Deputy Minority Leader, argued that “it has been established that there's a breach of the constitution.”
“What we should be talking about now is to reply the Executive. Even in our homes, we don't do things like that. Such actions have consequences. A lot of things like this have happened in the past in this administration,” he noted.
In his remarks, Tajudeen Yusuf, chairman, House Committee on Capital Markets and Institutions argued that there was no justification for hurried payment of $496 million for a product that would be delivered in year 2020.
“I want to appeal that we shouldn't misinform ourselves. This is a letter telling us what has been done. I appeal that we should jettison the idea of being partisan in all matters. I stood here as a member of PDP during the 7th Assembly and raised a motion on subsidy, and heaven didn't fall.”
“The arms we are talking about will be supplied in 2020, so what is the urgency in it? This is an impeachable offence,” he observed.
Kayode Oladele, chairman, House Committee on Financial Crimes observed that the request should have been transmitted by the Executive earlier for consideration.
“I know that this is a very tensed matter, but let me say that the Executive should have brought this earlier for appropriation. We know that exigencies take precedence,” Oladele noted.
Other lawmakers who spoke in support of Buhari's action including: Yakoob Balogun (APC-Lagos), noted that the 2018 budget has not been approved. As far as we're concerned, the 2017 budget is still in operation.
On his part, Dan-Agundi maintained that “if an appropriation of a financial year has not been approved, the President may order for withdrawal of certain amount”
“I think the letter of Mr President has not violated any provision as long as the amount doesn't go out of the threshold.”
In his intervention, Emmanuel Orker-Jev, chairman, House Committee on Rules and Business, submitted that the letters of this nature should be allowed to go through first reading and not subjected to debate.
While ruling, Speaker Dogara assured that the bill will be subjected to debate next Thursday with the view to allow members to make input. Dogara observed that the 2017 budget will run up to May, 2018 so nothing affects that.
KEHINDE AKINTOLA, Abuja
The post $496m arms fund: Reps say Buhari has committed an impeachable offence appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
AFP - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warned the United States on Monday it was a "partner to bloodshed" after US President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
"With this recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, it (the United States) has become a partner to this bloodshed. We do not recognize this decision, we will not," he said.
What does Citrix Session Recording do?
Session Recording is a key component in Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop Platinum Edition that enables IT admins to record active virtual apps and desktop sessions, based on user, application or server and then save the recording file for future reference when needed.
For those legacy XenApp 6.5 admins, Session Recording is based on SmartAuditor technology, but Session Recording is exclusively designed for the XenApp and XenDesktop 7.x FlexCast Management Architecture compared to the Independent Management Architecture (IMA) in XenApp 6.5 and earlier. Please note that we are not only bringing SmartAuditor back, we also added new features and improvement in the new architecture.
Why would user sessions need be recorded?
Read the entire article here, Citrix Session Recording Helps Secure Delivery of Apps, Desktops & Data!
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
Kibo Platforms' Beta Version Be Launched in the Beginning of May
The Kibo Beta is a fully accomplished release of the platform. The first version of Kibo offers four types of lottery including several options like daily, weekly, and instant drawings having the embedded system of a daily bonus ticket for each player. However, since the Ethereum network still has the unresolved problem of scalability, several … Continue reading Kibo Platforms' Beta Version Be Launched in the Beginning of May
The post Kibo Platforms' Beta Version Be Launched in the Beginning of May appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Trudeau says the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations are meeting in Toronto.
Trudeau says Canada will do whatever it can to keep its citizens safe, while staying true to its values.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday, he said, "We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
By The Associated Press
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Elena De Soto
The RX is Uproxx Music's stamp of approval for the best albums, songs, and music stories throughout the year. Inclusion in this category is the highest distinction we can bestow, and signals the most important music being released throughout the year. The RX is the music you need, right now.
Debut albums are rarely fully-formed. Rather, they tend to act as a foundation upon which an artist can work on their craft and achieve their vision. It is for this reason that No One Loves You, the debut album from Atlanta's Blis. is all the more impressive: The record is immensely confident and immediately flooring upon the first listen, blurring the boundaries of emo, shoegaze, and even post-hardcore.
Perhaps well-roundedness can be attributed to the timespan within which the songs were written, some were penned up to three years ago and others coming about just before the band entered the studio. Although Blis. has existed in some capacity frontman Aaron Gossett graduated from high school, the full lineup of the band — which now includes Gossett, drummer Jimi Ingman, bassist Luke Jones, guitarist Josiah Smith — formed less than five years ago. Having a length of years between the oldest and most recent songs on No One Loves You allowed the band to really refine the sound they were going for, while consulting an incredibly wide range of musical influences for the record, from Nine-Inch Nails to Pedro The Lion to Brand New.
The record opens with “Dumb,” a track that shows the band's mastery of the loud-soft dynamic, with Gossett's whispered vocals turning quickly to impassioned wails that sound completely unique. “Dumb” sets the scene for eleven tracks that show a range of sounds that could seem inconceivable to a band releasing their first full-length record. Remarkably, Blis. makes it seem natural.
Take, for example, the album's fourth track, the interlude “Servant,” a short and absolutely breathtaking ambient number sandwiched between two of the record's loudest tracks. It's not very often that a debut album would experiment this heavily with a sound so different than the track both before and after. “It's nice because it's very vulnerable between the two songs,” frontman Aaron Gossett said over the phone. “It's that kind of calm to just take your mind out of the last song, and then it was a nice-length transition between the two.”
This interview will be on "St. Louis on the Air" at noon on Thursday; this story will be updated after the show. You can listen live.
The staff at the Soldiers Memorial Military Museum is busy working behind the scenes to collect oral histories of St. Louis-area veterans.
On Thursday's St. Louis on the Air, host Don Marsh will discuss the effort with two staff members at the museum: Julia Lacher, an oral historian, and Patrick Allie, the military and arms curator. Also joining the conversation will be Sgt. Clayvon Wesley, a Vietnam veteran who shared his story with the museum.
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer, Evie Hemphill and Lara Hamdan give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
Transcript for HPV test may be better than Pap smears at detecting early cervical cancer: Study
We want T Tur to a "Gma" health alert. A new stu could make the pap smear a thing O the past. Everyan said halleluj more than 1000 women will be diagnosed with cervical cancer th year and now a Massi clinical trial finds that the HPV test is better than the traditional pap smear in detecting early signs of the disease. Good morning. Tell about the study and whathis could really mean. Ts appeared in journal of the American medical association." A study done inanada and followed W over a fourear period and divided them into three groups. Wo screened using jus the HPV, THA the human papillomavirus test ane and women screened with tonal liquid bas pap and aafety ground the women sned just with the HPV test had a lower chance ofeveloping the precancerous lesion that we rry about passing to cervical cancer again the ce of the virus tended to trump the abnormal cells on the pap smear. Nicole wrote in to us on Twitter asking why isn't HPV testing standard during a pap if so much of the populatioas it? The good new for women listening for the most in this country already is. Womeould ask if their I autic reflex HPV testing. Notomething thetor has to say now I'll check you F HPV. It's done wi same instruments as the P. These are the instruments use a traditional pap smear. Nothing scary here, same instruments are done to do the hpest. Pap smear looks a cell and Ng look at DNA of virus which sexually -- Next time we go to the doctor do we ask for an HPV St? Yhould ask if reflex test something done when they geteened with a pap smear Beuse this is not going away. We still need more long-term follow-up and data they need to ask when my rest is back is it Normal O abnormal and ask for th specificerminology and management of abnormal pap smears is based on whether or not there's HPV there, T age of patient and that patience's pticular pap history. Anyth else women can doo lower their risk? There is and the single test advance for cercal is aside fromheap smear screg is the HPV vaccine. This ishat prove the majority O cervical cancer which is cau by this virus. So getti vaccinatedor women and mento the age of 26, very important and thensmoking, it's bad for the whole body but 'S really bad for the rvix. Gre informati as always. Gi.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
JOBS: Officer Language Specialists
JOB OPENINGS
Officer Language Specialists (4):
Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) is looking for competent, innovative and self-driven persons with proven integrity, problem-solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with ability to handle multiple tasks and work in teams. Interested persons with requisite qualifications and passion for excellence are hereby invited to seize the following opportunities;
1) Domestic Taxes Officers (21)
2) Officer Language Specialists (4)
3) Officers Taxpayer Register Expansion Program TREP (4)
4) Customs Officers (20)
TO APPLY Visit URA website: https//ura.go.ug and follow the link “CAREERS EXPERIENTIAL HIRING” to view detailed job description of the roles and responsibilities.
Ura Experiential Hiring and Trep Officers by The Independent Magazine on Scribd
The post JOBS: Officer Language Specialists appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BALTIMORE — An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school. But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs, fire officials discovered the source of the smell: a pumpkin spice air freshener.
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor. Several people reported difficulty breathing.
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called. Fire spokesman Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments.
Then, firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom.
Classes at the school resumed Friday.
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
ICT Sector Agog over Osinbajo's Executive Order
The executive order that was recently signed by the acting President Yemi Osinbajo which seeks to support local content development in the Information and Communications Technology sector, has continued to elicit stakeholders' reactions, writes Emma Okonji
Although the federal government had in 2006, through the then Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Ufot Ekaette, given a directive to all government Ministries, Departments and Agencies, (MDAs) to support locally developed software and hardware, the directive was not implemented. The order was meant to support local content development in the country. Also, former President Olusegun Obasanjo, had promised to give Software Nigeria, a wing of the old Federal Secretariat in Ikoyi, Lagos for software development. Again that promised ended only in paper work as the government neither renovated the place nor deployed the right facilities.
As a result of the failed promises of government, the ICT sector, has continued to suffer great setbacks, until penultimate week when Osinbajo eventually signed a new executive order to boost local content development and patronage.
Industry stakeholders have continued to hail the federal government on the recent plans to support local content development in the ICT sector.
Failed executive orders
Following several complaints from ICT industry stakeholders, calling for government's support in the area of policy formulation and implementation that will encourage patronage of locally developed software and hardware in the country, and at the same time boost local content development in the ICT sector, the federal government, through Ekaette had ordered all government MDAs to first consider patronage of local software and hardware, whenever the need to purchase software and hardware arose.
Giving details about the first executive order, the President of the Institute of Software Practitioners of Nigeria (ISPON), Olorogun James Emadoye, who raised a national concern when he led a team of ISPON executive on a courtesy visit to the Minister of Communications, Adebayo Shittu in Abuja last year, said on October 20th, 2006, Ekaette, wrote a letter with Ref No SGF/OP/1/S.3/VII/795, to head of civil service commission, and MDAs of government on the need to patronise made-in-Nigeria products, including procurement of locally assembled computers and locally developed software. He said the letter directed all federal MDAs to comply with the directive. However, Emadoye disclosed that the directive was not implemented.
The ISPON boss also cited how the federal government had promised Software Nigeria a wing of the old federal secretariat in Ikoyi, Lagos, by Obasanjo but never bothered to renovate the place and deploy the right facilities because of the weak implementation drive of government.
According to him, the wing of the federal secretariat would have been a mini version of silicon valley for Software Nigeria, where great software ideas would have been incubated and developed for national growth, if the federal government had deemed it fit to renovate and deplore the right facilities after donating the place for software development.
Emadoye, during the visit, drew the attention of the minister to seek immediate implementation of the guidelines and policy for national software infrastructure, declaring software as a critical infrastructure for nation building and development.
He equally called on government to revisit the 2006 circular on patronage of locally developed computer products and software products.
Latest executive order
Respite, however, came the way of ICT practitioners penultimate week, when Osinbajo signed a new executive order for the support of local content in public procurement, which seeks to boost local content development in the ICT sector.
The order dwells mostly on the preference for indigenous goods and services as well as the removal of bureaucracies which always stall businesses.
The executive order, as detailed in a document presented by Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Okechukwu Enelamah, states that all MDAs of the federal government shall grant preference to local manufacturers of goods and service providers in their procurement processes for a number of items including food and beverages, motor vehicles, ICT products, pharmaceuticals, construction materials, furniture and fittings, among others.
Stakeholders commend FG
The executive order signed by Osinbajo has continued to elicit responses from ICT stakeholders, who believed that the move, if well implemented, would boost patronage and local content development in the ICT sector.
President of the Nigeria Computer Society (NCS), Prof. Adesola Aderounmu, in a statement, aligned with the executive order.
According to Aderounmu, “to say the order is a welcome development is an understatement. Over the years, NCS has strongly advocated for the development of local content in ICT to drive growth, unlock youth potential and create jobs in Nigeria. The Executive Order was received by NCS with great expectations and elation. We are indeed pleased that all MDAs of the federal government are now mandated to grant preference to local manufacturers of goods and service providers in their procurement processes for a number of priority items including Information and Communication Technology (ICT) products.”
“This development should stop the wasteful and unsustainable importation and adoption of foreign expertise and solutions. Nigerian companies in the ICT sector have proven to be capable of delivering solutions needed in our public and private sectors. Deploying domestic products and services expands the local industry, fosters local job creation and boosts the local economy,” Aderounmu said.
According to him, “using innovation to bring efficiencies and create jobs in virtually all sectors, not just in ICT is critical to the success of the federal government's Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (EGRP).
The EGRP and sustainable development depend on having a vibrant and growing domestic ICT sector. Effective implementation of the Executive Order should therefore be a priority, he said in a statement.”
“NCS commends this bold and inspiring decision to support local initiatives and views the executive order as a welcome enabler. For the tech sector, the consistency is appreciated as the order builds on the existing guidelines on Nigerian Content in ICT, he said, adding that NCS is particularly pleased to note that heads of MDAs are required to assess the monitoring, enforcement, implementation and compliance with the executive order. We look forward to collaborating closely with government to ensure the successful implementation of the executive order. In addition, we assure government of the readiness of our group to collaborate on other important policy initiatives and issues in the ICT domain,”Aderounmu said.
The Chairman of Zinox Group, Leo Stan Ekeh, also commended the federal government on the recent signing of an executive order compelling all MDAs of the federal government to buy Made-in-Nigeria goods and services. He said the order would go a long way in boosting indigenous businesses and the local content drive in Nigeria.
Ekeh said it was a step in the right direction and a potential game-changer for many quality-minded local businesses in Nigeria.
“The announcement alone would have excited an army of 21st century young Nigerian entrepreneurs who have been facing depression based on rejection of their certified products by government agencies and parastatals. It is a great development in our new Nigeria and I pray the federal government demonstrates the will to implement this to the letter in order to activate real and progressive development in the country. As you know, this policy direction will potentially result in massive job creation for our youths,” Ekeh said.
“Granting preference to local manufacturers is a sure way of igniting the spirit of indigenous entrepreneurship. This is the standard the world over. Nigeria boasts a number of world-class companies whose products can compete favourably with those of their foreign counterparts. The problem has always been the right form of support from the government,” he added.
According to him, “Zinox, for instance, is patronised by a number of multinationals. Apart from Chevron Nigeria that remains one of our most regular customers, we have also enjoyed consistent patronage from other multinationals such as Total and Shell. Some of these companies – Chevron, Shell, Total have been patronising Zinox for over 14 years and this is based purely on service quality as we all know the high standards these companies aspire to.”
“I must commend the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari and the acting President, Yemi Osinbajo for this bold move which will certainly go a long way in strengthening our local industries, provide more employment for our youths and boost our local currency,” Ekeh said.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
the
Literary Saloon
the literary
weblog at the
complete review
the weblog
about the saloon
support the site
archive
2016: Year of hardship, little cheer…
The year 2016 will not be forgotten in a hurry. Of all the high and low moments, two things stand out – the year of Recession and the year of the retort, ‘Is this the Change we voted for.'
Five years ago, when the then president Goodluck Jonathan decided to shock Nigerians with a bizarre New Year gift by removing the subsidy on petrol, Lagosians rejected the gift vehemently by staging a never-seen-before rally at Ojota.
Thousands gathered daily for the Nigerian version of Occupy Protest, which was fast spreading across the world in the wake of the Arab Spring. Occupy Nigeria, championed by a coalition of civil society organisations called Save Nigeria, took Ojota square by storm for a week, which was later renamed Freedom Park.
The movement, the biggest non-violent protest the country ever witnessed began spreading to other cities and eventually forced the Federal Government to rescind its decision and return to status quo.
While the ‘occupation' lasted, citizens greeted each other ‘Save Nigeria' and the standard response was ‘Enough is Enough'. The Yorubas brought it further home with ‘Eku Subsidy' and the reply was ‘Reversal a ba wa laiye' meaning we would live to enjoy subsidy reversal.
In the outgone year, the refrain was ‘Recession' and ‘Change'. An exchange of pleasantries was incomplete without the word ‘Change' in reference to the evocative slogan that brought the present administration of the Progressives Congress (APC) to power.
The first half of the year was rough. In spite of government's assurances, Nigerians weathered the storm, bracing the challenge of petroleum scarcity, epileptic power supply amid increase in electricity tariff, removal of subsidy on petrol, hike in cost of food, goods and services, unprecedented scarcity of tomatoes, skyrocketing exchange rate of the naira to a dollar, backlog of unpaid salaries and mass retrenchment of workers.
Government kept repeating that the tide would turn once the 2016 budget was passed and the second half of the year would be better for the country and its citizens. President Muhammadu Buhari eventually signed the budget on May 6, raising the hopes of turnaround with the injection of government funds across critical sectors of the economy.
However, as the year wound down, it was a stark reality of a depressed economy staring Nigerians in the face as strange things began to be reported daily.
Organized and petty crimes were on the increase, unsecured pots of soup became endangered species, sale of human blood and organs for economic reasons was rife, and frustrations gave rise to rampant cases of domestic violence, child abuse and suicide.
First it was petrol scarcity, when a litre sold for as high as N300 in April; that gave way to tomato scarcity and tomatoes became gold as a result of ‘Tuta Absoluta', a ravaging insect pest which destroyed well over 40 per cent of harvest. Nigerians survived that and entered the rice shortage/hike season.
A bag which around this period last year sold for N10,000 was now selling for between N19,000 and N23,000. Rice still remains a scarce commodity despite the intervention of Ebonyi and Kebbi states that have painstakingly sustained a portion of the country with its harvest. The partnership between Lagos and Kebbi has produced the elusive and much sought after Lake Rice.
A public affairs commentator based in Kano State, Aminu Muhammad Ofs, once recounted his experience of the times, which went viral on social media. He said: “I was sitting with a guy who sells tea when an elderly man came and said ‘Give me ‘Buhari's mixture'. Without saying anything more, the man was given some tea and small bread for a sum of N40.
“I was baffled, so I asked the seller what the man meant by ‘Buhari's mixture'. He explained that it means tea without milk plus a small loaf of bread. Again the next day, I stopped by a small kiosk to get a battery for my wireless computer mouse. While I was leaving, a guy came who said: ‘Give me Buhari and Osinbajo. I waited to see what he meant and the seller handed him garri and groundnut.
“I inquired from the seller, who explained that garri is the street term for President Buhari, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is groundnut, while Senate President Bukola Saraki is sugar, slang for the staple foods the poor can afford.”
But beyond the depressing tales of hard times, 2016 also had its moments of cheer. The most inspirational, motivating and Cinderella-like story of 2016 was Olajumoke Orisaguwa's rise to fame! A bread seller turned model and internet sensation, all thanks to Gospel singer cum photographer, TY Bello, who searched for the mystery lady, who had earlier photo-bombed her shoot.
In just two weeks, she soared above her painfully obscure background. Her fortunes have changed from a bread seller on the streets of Lagos to a model. In local parlance, God picked up and answered the call of Jumoke in relation to Adekunle Gold's song entitled ‘Pick Up'. Pick Up, which is rendered in Yoruba, is a prayer asking for God's blessings. Modeled after a telephone call, the musician in the song implores God to ‘pick up' and answer his call.
Since Jumoke got her ‘pick up', her life has never remained the same. The mother of two instantly became the face of online shopping brand, Payporte and Stanbic IBTC Bank. She is also the proud owner of a luxury apartment in Lagos.
This was followed by the release of 14-year-old Ese Rita Oruru by her abductors. The kidnapping of Ese, the youngest child of Charles Oruru and Rose Oruru, occurred on 12 August 2015 at her mother's shop in Yenagoa local council of Bayelsa State.
Ese, who was 13 years old at the time, was abducted by a man named Yunusa Dahiru (alias Yellow) and taken to Kano, where she was raped, forcibly Islamized and married off without her parents consent. The conversion and marriage allegedly took place in the palace of the Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi. The internet went agog for over a month as the international communities beamed their light into the case after a newspaper report sparked national outrage. She was released in March.
The third cheering moments of the year was when the Facebook founder, Mark Zuckerberg visited Nigeria. Mark made a surprise visit to the country in August. What was more endearing was that he took to the streets jugging without security operatives or any air of a VIP.
After surviving a very rough year, it was a tale of more woes for over three million Nigerians who had subscribed to the Ponzi moneymaking scheme, popularly known as Mavrodi Mundial Moneybox (MMM). Panic spread across the land as the country woke up to the sad announcement on December 12 of a one-month freeze on withdrawals from the scheme, sparking fears of a collapse.
Hopefully, the year 2017 will begin on a good note for the millions of subcribers, who are eagerly hoping against all odds that the scheme would bounce back and they would recover all their invested funds.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2019: Senator Abaribe's constituents commence recall process
The people of Abia South Senatorial District, Tuesday, commenced the process of recalling Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, representing the area at the National Assembly. This followed a resolution reached by stakeholders from various political parties in the six local government areas in Abia South under the aegis of Coalition of Abia South Senatorial Movement. The leader […]
2019: Senator Abaribe's constituents commence recall process
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Angus Reid is the latest polling company to find Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's popularity in precipitous decline in the wake of his widely criticized trip to India.
Trudeau's net approval rating of -16 is well below Stephen Harper's rating of -1 at a similar point in his tenure. Fifty-six per cent of respondents says they disapprove of Trudeau at his government's 29-month mark, while 40 per cent say they approve. At Harper's 28-month mark, 47 per cent disapproved while 46 per cent approved.
An accompanying report from Angus Reid points to the India trip, where the government was criticized for the presence of a convicted attempted murderer at a prime ministerial event, and a recent report from the ethics commissioner on Trudeau's trip to the Aga Khan's private island, as likely sources of the decline.
Angus Reid had to go back to Brian Mulroney in 1988 to find a prime minister with approval numbers as low as Trudeau's at this point in their first term. Sixty-two per cent disapproved and 27 per cent approved of Mulroney at the 30-month mark of his first term.
Trudeau's Liberals can take some solace from the fact that Mulroney went on to win another majority the following year, although with a reduced seat count, in an election campaign centring on the North American Free Trade Agreement. Trudeau's government is currently engaged in talks to renegotiate NAFTA with Donald Trump's U.S. administration and Mexico.
The only prime minister in recent memory who enjoyed a positive net approval rating at this point in his tenure was Jean Chretien, with a +19 approval. Fifty-four per cent of respondents approved of Chretien in 1996.
It's not all bad news for the Liberals, though. The Angus Reid poll also finds that young people are still solidly in Trudeau's corner and that his electoral base is still relatively strong.
“The party remains either in the lead or competitive in vote-rich urban centres, where a red surge pushed the Liberals to a 2015 majority,” the report reads.
Andrew Scheer's Conservatives seem to gain the most from the Liberal declines, with 33 per cent of respondent saying they would vote for the Tories if a federal election were held tomorrow. Twenty-five per cent said they would cast a ballot for the Liberals and 16 per cent for the NDP.
Scheer is the only national leader with a positive net approval rating, although 28 per cent of respondents is still “not sure” how they feel about the Conservative leader.
Angus Reid also points out that Canadians aren't “locked-in” to any of these choices though, with 64 per cent saying they are only somewhat certain or don't really know which party they would support. And, in response to a question about which leader will make the best prime minster, 39 per cent of Canadians answered “not sure.”
• Email: sxthomson@postmedia.com | Twitter: stuartxthomson
WICHITA, Kan. — A trial begins this week for three members of a militia group accused of conspiring to bomb a mosque and apartment complex housing Somalis in the Kansas town of Garden City.
Patrick Stein, Gavin Wright and Curtis Allen are charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy against civil rights. Stein also faces a weapons-related charge and Wright has an additional charge of lying to the FBI.
The three men, who were indicted in October 2016, have pleaded not guilty.
Their federal trial in Wichita is expected to last six weeks, with jury selection beginning Tuesday before U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren.
The government said in court filings that a militia member tipped off federal authorities after becoming alarmed by the heightening talk of violence, and later agreed to wear a wire as a paid informant. The government's case features months of investigation captured on profanity-laced recordings that referred to the Somalis as “cockroaches.”
Earlier in the case, a judge denied a defence motion to expand the prospective jury pool to encompass more rural western Kansas counties where the defence believed residents would be more conservative.
Defence attorneys argued the case is “uniquely political” because much of the anticipated evidence is in reaction to the 2016 presidential election. They contended the case will require jurors to weigh evidence regarding whether the alleged conduct constitutes the crimes charged, or whether it is constitutionally protected speech and assembly and implicates the right to bear arms.
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. Yahoo, which is no longer publicly traded, neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate. The breach wasn't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later, when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon's acquisition of its operating business in 2016, the SEC said.
“Yahoo's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach,” Jina Choi, director of the SEC's San Francisco regional office, said in a statement.
Altaba spokesman Mike Pascale said the New York company declined to comment on the SEC settlement.
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., who urged the SEC in September 2016 to investigate whether Yahoo met its obligation to inform the public, said Tuesday that the company's failure to do so “didn't pass the smell test.”
“Holding the company accountable is important, and I hope others will learn you can't sweep this kind of thing under the rug,” Warner, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said in a tweet.
Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo eventually acknowledged that the 2014 hacking attack and a separate one in 2013 affected all 3 billion accounts on its service.
Yahoo ended up having to give Verizon a $350 million discount on their deal, reflecting concerns that people might reduce their use of Yahoo email and other digital services because of the breach, decreasing opportunities to show ads.
In scooping up Yahoo's digital services, Verizon's strategy was to meld the operations with its AOL division with an eye to becoming a bigger player in the growing market for digital ads.
Yahoo's most valuable parts — investments in China's e-commerce leader Alibaba, and in Yahoo Japan — were left in Altaba. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, a former Google executive who led Yahoo for nearly five years, did not join Verizon and was out of a job.
Prosecutors have said that two Russian intelligence agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses. In February 2017, they filed computer fraud and other charges against Dokuchaev, Sushchin and two other men — another Russian national, Alexsey Belan, and a Canadian named Karim Baratov.
A U.S. judge in San Francisco on Tuesday pushed back a sentencing hearing for Baratov, who prosecutors say was hired by Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from the massive Yahoo hack. Baratov pleaded guilty in November to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse and eight counts of aggravated identity theft.
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes.
Baratov's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months.
Chhabria stressed that Baratov was not behind the Yahoo hack. He continued the sentencing hearing to May 29.
Authorities have described Baratov as an “international hacker-for-hire” who hacked more than 11,000 webmail accounts from around 2010 until his March 2017 arrest and used the money he made — roughly $1.1 million at about $100 per hacking victim — to finance a $650,000 home and fancy cars, including a Lamborghini and Aston Martin.
Are Conditions Favorable for Lekoil Limited (AIM:LEK)? – Stanley Business News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Have your say
High winds and the risk of flooding on a road in Scarborough forced its closure early in the morning.
there is also a yellow weather warning still in place for the region as ice poses a risk on untreated roads and pavements.
Traffic and travle updates
Keep checking below for the latest on the roads as the morning progresses.
NEW YORK — If you've made changes to how you use social media since Facebook's Cambridge Analytica privacy debacle, you're not alone.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 7 out of 10 of online adults who've heard of the scandal — revelations that a data mining firm may have accessed the private information of some 87 million Facebook users to influence elections — have unfollowed accounts, deleted their profiles or made other changes in how they use social media.
And since 9 in 10 Americans have heard at least a little bit about Cambridge Analytica, this means the scandal has led to widespread changes in the use of social media among Americans. What's less clear is whether these changes are permanent, and whether they will affect business at Facebook, Twitter and other social media companies.
Facebook has said that it hasn't noticed a meaningful decline in usage since the scandal broke and it doesn't seem to have experienced much of an advertiser exodus, either. But that doesn't mean the social media giant is in the clear. Some high-profile tech luminaries such as Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak have disavowed Facebook, and a “DeleteFacebook” online campaign — even if it didn't lead to mass defections — has bruised the company's already-battered image.
Cole Bearden, 26, a musician and liquor store employee in Nashville, said he soured on Facebook a while ago, after his parents friended him and turned his app into “a perpetual recipe video-sharing machine.” That, along with his concerns about surveillance and advertisements, convinced him to drop the app from his phone a year ago. He said in an interview last month that he checks his profile only occasionally.
Still, Bearden says deleting his profile won't mean a lot unless many other Facebook users do the same. And even that, he says, may come too late.
“The real damage has been done. Our concept of open democracy has been undermined, subverted and potentially irreparably damaged,” he said.
Some people, though, were cautious long before Cambridge Analytica. Jessica Garcia, who lives in Homewood, Illinois, said she was already “pretty strict” with all her settings and she uses social media (Facebook, mostly) only minimally. She doesn't post much and stays out of politics.
Asked who bears the responsibility to protect people's online privacy, the poll found that vast majorities of Americans think both social media companies (84 per cent) and individual users (72 per cent) have a large share. Just short of half — 46 per cent — see that as a large responsibility of the federal government.
Garcia agrees with the majority and said it's a combination of individual and company responsibility.
“I don't feel like the government needs to step in and start controlling that,” she said. “If we can't make good decisions and people and they don't make good decisions as companies, it'll fall apart on its own.”
Americans who have taken some action after hearing about Facebook's recent privacy crisis include 29 per cent who have deleted certain social media accounts — the most drastic step. A larger number, 38 per cent, uninstalled apps on their phone, while 42 per cent said they used certain platforms less often. Nearly half, 47 per cent, unfollowed or unfriended certain people, and 41 per cent unfollowed groups or organizations.
Forty-five per cent reviewed or changed their privacy settings — something Facebook encouraged recently by sending a notice to users through their Facebook pages. First, it notified the 87 million people whose information may have been leaked to Cambridge Analytica. This week, it began sending all 2.2 billion Facebook users a more generic notice to review their settings that show what apps have access to their data.
According to the poll, women were more likely than men to have made at least one change, and younger people were more likely to say they have reviewed their privacy settings or uninstalled apps from their phones. Older Americans were more likely to say they have followed news of the scandal.
The Cambridge Analytica fiasco was not Facebook's first privacy scandal, though it may have been its worst. The poll also found that Americans have broader concerns about how their data is used by companies like Facebook, Twitter and Google. Sixty per cent said they were very or extremely concerned that such companies may not keep their personal information secure, and more than half said they were concerned that the companies might track their data even after they have tried to delete it.
African Americans were more likely to express concern about privacy than whites. For example, 72 per cent of blacks and 57 per cent of whites is worried about companies securing their personal information, while 62 per cent of blacks and 44 per cent of whites is concerned about companies tracking their location.
——
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4 percentage points
——
AP Polling Editor Emily Swanson in Washington and AP Business Writer Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this story.
——
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
A few years ago, when the officer kept showing up for various charity events, Peter Yuen asked himself, “Who the hell is Kenny Lam?”
The world knows now what Toronto Deputy Police Chief Yuen found out: Lam is the 42-year-old Toronto Police constable whose remarkable composure in peacefully arresting the alleged mass killer Alek Minassian Monday has police, security officials and citizens shaking their heads in admiration.
Ten people ranging in age from their mid-20s to 80s died in the carnage as a rented white van, allegedly driven by Minassian, zigzagged onto the busy sidewalks along the west side of Yonge Street.
“It's beyond ‘Serve and Protect',” Yuen, citing the force motto, said Tuesday in a phone interview. “It's beyond that. It's more than that.”
As evidence, he said, Tuesday morning — after a predictably sleepless night, thoughts racing through his mind — Lam made sure to call in for his 6 a.m. roll call at 32 Division in the city's north end.
“He wanted to thank the other officers, his uniform platoon.”
Lam, Yuen said, was the first officer on the scene at Poyntz Avenue, south of Sheppard Avenue West and Yonge Street. It was his good luck and his bad luck.
“Kenny was on day shift, patrolling Yonge Street. This (the alert about a van that had been mowing down pedestrians) was broadcast … We (police, fire and paramedics) run towards trouble and he responded to the area.
“There's no magic formula; he ran to the vehicle.”
As he arrived, about seven minutes after the first call for help, the suspect was out of the white cargo van, and as Lam, firearm out, began shouting commands, the man assumed a shooter's stance.
In fact, he assumed it several times, each time as if pulling something from his pocket. He, too, had something in his hands.
“Get down!” Lam shouted, but stopped quickly to turn off the siren on his cruiser, a classic “de-escalation” technique meant to calm an agitated suspect.
The man told him “I have a gun in my pocket” and asked him to “Kill me” or “Shoot me in the head,” but Lam quickly figured out that he likely didn't have a gun, and that whatever he was holding in his hand, it wasn't a gun. He put away his own firearm, got out his baton, and kept approaching, and the man surrendered.
Moments later, as Global TV captured, one of several astonished bystanders approached Lam to say he'd done a great job and shake his hand.
Lam shook it, then said, cool as a cucumber, “Guys, let's just clear the road, OK?”
He was less phlegmatic Tuesday. “He's a mess,” Yuen said, after meeting him. “Roller coaster, up and down, doubting himself, doesn't want the spotlight.
“It was life and death for him yesterday.
“This will remain with him.”
Yuen knows. In 1990, as an undercover officer, he was doing a play at an underground gaming house.
“The place got robbed,” he said, “and to make a long story shot, they found out I was a cop.”
The deputy chief is cut from the same modest cloth as Lam.
What he didn't want to say, and ridiculously abridged when pressed, was that the robbers found out by ordering the gamblers to toss their wallets in a pile on the floor. Spotting a police badge, they promptly threatened to shoot a person every minute unless the cop identified himself.
Yuen had the stones to immediately stand up and do that.
For his trouble, one of the robbers put a handgun in his mouth, to his head, and then in his mouth; he pulled the trigger, but the gun jammed. What saved his life, Yuen said, was that other officers arrived and the robbers knew they were surrounded.
It was almost 30 years ago, but Yuen said every time he drives by Finch Avenue East and Midland Avenue, where the gambling den was, he thinks, “This is the place I almost lost my life.
“Any time I hear an officer in distress, I feel it,” he said. “I don't wish it upon anyone.”
Back then, there was virtually none of what is now called “after care” for officers involved in profoundly traumatic events. Yuen drove himself home that night.
“The culture was different,” he said. He had only himself, and considers himself lucky to “get through it and progress in my career.”
Toronto, he said, now has the best such care in the country for its officers.
The two men have more in common: Lam was born in Toronto, Yuen in Hong Kong, but both have immigrant Chinese parents who left everything they knew to come to Canada to give their children a brighter future.
“His father still runs a restaurant,” Yuen said, “Just like my father.”
Lam went to university and graduated as an engineer. He was working for Bell Canada when, eight years ago, he decided he wanted more. That his father had been an auxiliary police officer in Hong Kong helped. Yuen calls it his defining moment, thinking, “What I'm doing is not enough. He asks himself ‘how can I help people more?'”
Yuen dropped out of university after two years, but he said, “My calling was the same.” He was watching the Chinese community – and other diverse communities in Toronto — grow, and he thought to himself, “it wouldn't be bad to be a part of it. I just wanted to be a good police officer.”
Lam is happily married, Yuen said, to his high school sweetheart. They have no children, but Yuen said Lam is the first officer out of the gate to help a colleague whose child is ill. He does special engravings on coins; he's a fixture at Cops for Cancer events. “That's how I got to know him,” Yuen said.
Way back, when Peter Yuen stood up in front of armed robbers and identified himself as a cop to save the lives of others, he was named Toronto's police officer of the year.
“Yeah,” he said with a laugh, “I should have been victim of the year.”
That honour isn't enough for Kenny Lam. As a command officer, Yuen said he's incredibly proud of him. His conduct in that life and death moment “speaks to his life experience. He's mature, he's able to assess, he was able to process his training.”
Yuen was one of about five Chinese Canadian officers in those days. Now, there are more than 100 and “I see them all flourishing.” He loves the diversity of the modern force.
“Send us your best and your brightest,” he said. “This is a worthwhile career.”
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
Chelsea skipper Gary Cahill says he is tired of being asked to prove himself.
The England defender has fallen down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge of late, but was back in the team for the FA Cup semi-final win over Southampton at Wembley last weekend.
Cahill, aged 32, is hoping that he can keep his place in head coach Antonio Conte's squad for the remainder of the season and earn a place in Gareth Southgate's squad for this summer's World Cup, having been omitted from the March friendlies.
But he also indicated that he found it tiresome to have to win over Conte, whose side he captained to the Premier League title last season.
He told The Guardian: “I realise the manager has decisions to make. I realise I'm not getting any younger. I don't feel like I need to prove anything. I've proven it before, time and time again. It gets tiring after a bit, if I'm honest. Maybe that's just football, maybe that's just the way my past has gone, I don't know.”
He added: “Everything is a possibility when you're playing, hence why I am happy. I am back out there and let's see what happens at the end of the season. We have gone into the final and the World Cup is coming, so let's wait and see.”
The former England vice-captain has 58 caps and four goals for his country to date.
He has made 278 appearances for Chelsea since arriving from Bolton Wanderers for £7m in January 2012. Since then, Cahill has won two Premier League titles, the Champions League, the Europa Cup, an FA Cup and a League Cup during his time at Stamford Bridge.
By National Newspaper Publishers Association (NNPA)
After the recent Starbucks incident involving the arrest of two Black men in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, most Black people had one of two responses: either boycott Starbucks or open our own coffee shops.
National Eat at a Black Coffee Shop Day combines the best of these ideas. On Tuesday, May 29, 2018, tens of thousands of Starbucks customers will try a new coffee experience at a Black-owned coffee shop.
Black coffee houses, coffee shops and tea houses, under the umbrella of The Black Star Project, have formed a federation to flex their collective and connective muscle in the competitive coffee marketplace.
They are working together to get out the word that their coffees are just as good, or better, than Starbucks.
These Black coffee houses expect to win significant market share on Tuesday, May 29, because that day Starbucks is closing more than 8,000 U.S. units for diversity training.
Phillip Jackson, Chairman of the Board for The Black Star Project says, “We expect substantially higher sales at each store and it is our intention to keep and grow any market share we earn on this day. Stores will be well-stocked with pastries, cakes, cookies, coffees and teas for the expected new business”.
In addition to regular business on Tuesday, May 29, Black coffee shops are being encouraged to offer evening “Black Economic Empowerment Forums” as a catalyst to spur economic development in Black communities across America.
All of this is part of the Campaign to “Circulate Black Dollars in the Black Community,” which is designed to raise the percentage of the $1.3 trillion spent in Black communities by Black consumers last year and to re-circulate those dollars back into the Black community.
Jackson also says, “If we can raise our spending with each other from our current 2 percent to a modest 10 percent, we would no longer require or need to ask for help from government, foundations or others.”
So far, more than 400 Black Coffee Houses, Coffee Shops and Tea Houses around the U.S. are expected to participate in “National Eat at a Black Coffee House Day.”
Visit www.blackstarjournal.org/2018/05/03/500-black-coffee-houses-and-cafes/ to see a list of 400 Black-owned coffee shops and cafes in the U.S. or go to www.blacktarproject.org for more information about this campaign, or call 773.285.9600.
CONCORD, N.H. — A life-size bronze statue of the famous comic book character Archie will soon greet visitors at a New Hampshire town in honour of the local man who illustrated the red-haired, freckled teenager.
Bob Montana, who was the first to draw original depictions of the “Archie” characters, lived in Meredith for 35 years until his death in 1975 at age 54. The Greater Meredith Program, a community development non-profit, raised $57,000 for the project. The statue will be installed Aug. 9 in Meredith's Community Park to coincide with the town's 250th anniversary.
Montana first drew “Archie” in a New Hampshire cottage in 1942.
His daughter, Lynn Montana, says it is a “dream come true” to have her father permanently honoured in Meredith.
The battle against climate change starts in your psyche
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
Metamorphosis
Studio 7
Opens July 13
Environmental documentaries are a tough sell. Our planet is collapsing in so many areas it's hard for a single film to cover the crises. On top of that, given that the news is immensely bad there's an inherent doom-and-gloom sentiment that's not particularly appealing.
The plucky NFB-backed doc Metamorphosis doesn't quite clear the hurdles but it stays more focused than most of its kind. Filmmakers Velcrow Ripper (ScaredSacred) and Nova Ami pick a metaphor and stick to it: the resilient monarch butterfly as a hopeful stand-in for mankind.
Like monarch larvae, humanity faces an inevitable metamorphosis. Climate change is putting people from around the world in critical situations, from Venice's population dwindling due to high tides, to California dealing water scarcity and wildfires, to Vanuatu getting decimated by a hurricane. A transformation is coming, and it's up to us to decide into what. Metamorphosis suggests that climate change plays in our minds as grief over the planet's mortality, often leading to denial. To overcome it, a psychological adjustment may be in order.
While the documentary hits some perfunctory notes (like the unavoidable hopeful ending), Metamorphosis remains grounded by linking factoids to human testimonies. The images of the planet in distress are stunning. Overall, it's a worthy effort that stops short of being preachy. It could've used a bit more flavour, though.
You likely won't see absolutely everything from a given artist, let alone every artist under the sun. As the Library's Megan Halsbland explains, it's more about representative works, including from cultural groups that don't get much attention in the conventional collection.
The institution isn't stopping there, either. It's also launching a Web Cultures Web Archive that will pick sites that document cultural development on the internet, such as legendary GIFs or memes. It'll join the Library's American Folklife Center, so those viral images won't be left in isolation -- they'll be treated with the same respect as a classic song and other slices of Americana.
Herdsmen: Fani-Kayode reacts to killing of Rev Fathers, 17 others in Benue
Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Tuesday reacted to the killings of two Reverend Fathers, 19 others in Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State by suspected herdsmen. DAILY POST reports that Rev Fathers, Gor Joseph and Felix were on Tuesday killed after suspected herdsmen attacked the village. Reacting through his Twitter handle, Fani-Kayode […]
Herdsmen: Fani-Kayode reacts to killing of Rev Fathers, 17 others in Benue
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Scottish synth-pop trio CHVRCHES have announced that they'll be touring in support of their third full-length Love Is Dead, due out May 25. After a bunch of summer festival appearances, the band embarks on a North American tour in September, beginning with a September 20 show at the Open Air Theatre in San Diego. Their North American journey ends at Boston's Orpheum Theatre on October 20. This outing marks the first time CHVRCHES will tour with a live drummer.
Tickets for the North American leg of the tour go on sale Friday, April 27 at 10 am. One dollar from each ticket sale will benefit Girls Rock Camp. The band's full tour schedule for 2018 is listed below:
05-26 Swansea, Wales – Radio1 The Biggest Weekend
05-31 Barcelona, Spain – Primavera
06-03 New York, NY – Governors Ball Music Festival
06-08 Hilvarenbeek, Netherlands – Best Kept Secret
06-10 Manchester, England – Parklife
06-17 Camden, NJ – BB&T Pavilion
06-22 Scheessel, Germany – Hurricane Festival
06-22-24 Nehausen Ob Eck, Germany – Southside Festival
06-29 Panensky Tynec, Czech Republic – Aerodrome
06-30 St Gallen, Switzerland – Openair St Gallen
07-06 Werchter, Belgium – Rock Werchter
07-08 Glasgow, Scotland – TRNSMT Festival
07-11 Linz, Austria – Ahoi The Full Hit of Summer
07-13 Alges, Portugal – NOS Alive
07-15 London, England – Citadel Festival
07-27 Yuzawa, Japan – Fuji Rock
08-02 Chicago, IL – Lollapalooza
08-03 St Charles, IA – Hinterland Music Festival
08-06 Denver, CO – Ogden Theatre
08-09 Ogden, UT – Ogden Twilight
08-10 San Francisco, CA – Outside Music and Arts Festival
08-31 Stradbally, Ireland – Electric Picnic
09-20 San Diego, CA – Open Air Theatre
09-26 Portland, OR – Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
09-27 Vancouver, British Columbia – Commodore Ballroom
09-29 Seattle, WA – Paramount Theatre
10-03 Saint Paul, MN – Palace Theatre
10-04 Milwaukee, WI – Riverside Theater
10-08 Birmingham, AL – Iron City
10-09 Asheville, NC – Thomas Wolfe Auditorium
10-10 Atlanta, GA – The Tabernacle
10-11 New Orleans, LA – The Joy Theater
10-15 Nashville, TN – Ryman Auditorium
10-16 Charlotte, NC – The Fillmore
10-18 Washington, DC – The Anthem
10-20 Boston, MA – Orpheum Theatre
CHVRCHES have released four singles off the forthcoming album, including “My Enemy,” a collaboration with The National's Matt Berninger.
It's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food. Sign Up Today!
Want to share a recipe?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site.
A sombre episode of Victoria tells the horrific story of an event that led to the death of a million people
ITV drama Victoria has taken a break from intrigue and power-play and costume balls. Instead, episode six sends us across the Irish Sea to see the horrors of the Great Famine, while the Queen berates her ministers for standing by and doing nothing.
Advertisement
What was the Irish Potato Famine?
The potato crop failed in Ireland between 1845 and 1849, leading to a period of mass starvation and disease which killed a million people out of a population of eight million. It also led to a mass exodus a huge chunk of the population emigrated to start a new life abroad – many of them in America.
The crop failures were caused by potato blight, a disease that destroys the leaves and the roots of the potato plant. The blight ravaged potato crops throughout Europe in the 1840s – but the situation in Ireland made it uniquely devastating.
In Ireland, almost half of the population was entirely reliant on calorie-rich, hardy, nutritious potatoes, and the rest of the population also consumed the vegetable in large quantities. So when the crop failed, people starved.
Irish Catholics had previously been prohibited by law from owning land. This changed earlier in the century, but land ownership was still concentrated in the hands of English and Anglo-Irish Protestant families (often absentee landlords) who had unchecked power over their tenants. By the 1840s, many tenant farmers existed at subsistence level on small allotments of land which barely provided enough food even in good years.
During the famine, the landowning class was still exporting grain from Ireland to Britain, benefitting from the Corn Laws which kept the price of bread artificially high. The Irish themselves could not afford the food that was being exported from their country.
The Great Famine became a rallying point for Irish nationalist movements and increased resentment about British rule.
Did Queen Victoria and Sir Robert Peel try to intervene in the Irish Potato Famine?
The British government made ineffective (and unenthusiastic) efforts to relieve the famine. Conservative Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel was unable to persuade his party to repeal the Corn Laws in 1845, but he did authorise the import of corn maize from the United States. This helped a little – but not enough.
Lord John Russell became Prime Minister in June 1846 as part of a new Whig cabinet. He wanted to use Irish resources for relief efforts, throwing the financial burden on the Irish landowners and British absentee landowners themselves. But with rents no longer coming in, the most common result was eviction.
Ultimately relief efforts were completely inadequate and half-hearted. Some British intellectuals followed the teachings of Malthus, believing that the crisis was simply nature's corrective to high birth rates and overpopulation, or that the Irish national character was to blame.
And Victoria? She had some sympathy for the horrors going on in Ireland and donated £2,000 from her personal resources (although there is a story that, when when Sultan Abdulmecid of the Ottoman Empire offered send £10,000 in aid, the Queen's ambassador asked him to tone it down to £1,000 so he wouldn't embarrass the Queen). She also wrote a letter on behalf of the British Relief Association, appealing for money to relieve the distress in Ireland.
Victoria's long-awaited first official visit to Ireland came in August 1849. It was arranged by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, perhaps to draw British politicians' focus to what was happening in Ireland but also as a propaganda exercise to shore up British rule.
The famine had a negative impact on the Queen's popularity, but her visit did seem to alleviate some of that hatred. The Earl of Clarendon wrote: “The people are not only enchanted with the Queen and the gracious kindness of her manner and the confidence she has shown in them, but they are pleased with themselves for their own good feelings and behaviour, which they consider having removed the barrier that hitherto existed between the Sovereign and themselves.”
Advertisement
Victoria herself fell in love with the country and visited several times over the next couple of decades. But by the 1870s and 1880s the relationship soured – especially when the Dublin Corporation sent back a bust of her beloved Albert that she'd given as a gift.
CBS 2Victor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships […]
WCBS 880Victor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 […]
1010 WINSVictor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) 1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE […]
WFANVictor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) As the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN […]
WLNYVictor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) Program Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 […]
HONOLULU — Lawyers representing Hawaii in the state's long-running fight against Trump administration travel bans have filed a motion asking a judge to let them challenge the latest version of the policy.
Hawaii filed the motion Friday asking a federal judge for permission to file an amended lawsuit targeting the third travel ban.
The latest travel ban removes Sudan from the list of affected countries and adds Chad and North Korea, along with several officials from the government of Venezuela. It's scheduled to take effect Oct. 18.
State Attorney General Doug Chin said the new ban still discriminates on the basis of nationality, exceeds the president's legal authority and seeks to implement his Muslim ban.
Chin has been challenging President Donald Trump on travel bans since February, after Trump sought to bar new visas for people from seven mostly Muslim countries.
OK, so maybe sticking untested medical experiments directly into your eyeballs on a daily basis isn't so bad, when it comes with a penthouse apartment overlooking a near-future San Francisco.
Or rather it wouldn't be, if any of it were real.
You aren't really on earth, though, and those experiments just went very, very wrong. Ten minutes in, and the proverbial has well and truly hit the fan.
You're actually trapped on Talos One, an ageing space station controlled by military contractors with questionable ethics. Oh, and it's overrun with shape-shifting aliens that are keen to get intimate with your esophagus, too.
This is where those shady science experiments start to come in handy, and developers Arkane Studios step away from the familiar.
Right from the off, Dishonored's multiple levels have been ditched for one sprawling, giant world, where you're free to explore - as long as you've got the gear to get you there.
Corvo Attano might have had plenty of mystic powers to choose from, but Morgan's abilities are grounded in science. As long as you're happy sticking a giant needle into your skull to unlock them, anyway.
These Neuromods will eventually give you a range of skills, both human and alien, but my demo session stuck to more realistic ones - like being able to hack turrets and PCs, the strength to move larger objects, and the know-how to dismantle the junk and detritus you pick up and turn it into something useful.
Prey is packed full of things to pick up, fiddle with and collect. It's what makes the Mimics so scary, but it's also a goldmine for anyone that can turn a few frayed wires and circuit boards into a weaponised glue gun.
MEXICO CITY — Maverick presidential candidate Jaime Rodriguez was greeted with derision when he said Mexico should cut the hands off officials who steal.
But in a country wracked by vigilante movements and drug-gang violence, the proposal has quickly had a grisly echo.
The candidate known as “El Bronco” made the proposal in a presidential debate this week. The sign-language translation showing the interpreter making a slashing motion was widely shared on social media in Mexico.
Authorities in the southern state of Guerrero said late Monday a hacked-up body was found in the resort city of Acapulco next to hand-lettered signs, one of which referred to Rodriguez's proposal.
It read: “El Bronco said, cut the hands off the scum that steals,” and was signed “yours, the Grave Diggers.”
If any streetwise academic desires to pitch into the world of “perception and deception,” there's good news: Carleton University in Ottawa has conjured a position just for you.
The university is hiring someone to establish a research and teaching program in the “conjuring arts” for graduates and undergraduates.
“It is a very opportune time to have somebody like this because we're experiencing people doing all kinds of things that are deceptive, you know,” said the school's interim president Alastair Summerlee.
“They persuade lots of people and we really don't understand how people can be drawn into those things, so this creates an opportunity to look at that.”
Whoever fills the role will have to dig in and find out what it is about our nature that makes people both good at deceiving and at being deceived.
In other words, what makes deception work like magic?
“Whether it's fake news or whether it's politicians convincing people,” Summerlee said a major theme will be “understanding something about the illusion that they created, how do they work?”
So far, the Faculty of Arts and Social Science has received about 80 applicants from a variety of backgrounds, Summerlee said. The announcement is expected this summer.
The chair position is named after Allan Slaight, who in addition to being one Canada's richest people, has been an avid magic buff, even editing and helping to write a tome on the work of Stewart James, one of Canada's most productive magicians.
The job description asks Carleton's resident sorcerer to game-plan aspects of the history of magic, the history of perception and, of course, to investigate perception and deception.
Carleton is matching a $2 million grant from The Slaight Family Foundation for the new post. The money will cover everything from the chair's salary and hiring graduates to travel to investigate magic archives around the world.
Summerlee said a major task will be for the resident sorcerer to link the “enormous amount of information” that has been gathered and printed worldwide about magic, which he or she would do through a digital archive, he said.
The chair position is for a five-year renewable term with the possibility of tenure.
Summerlee said he wants people to explore, “what is it about our psyches that make us so gullible?”
In an effort to figure out what magic can reveal about our beliefs, researchers at the University of London asked people to explain a magic trick where the solution is not as obvious as it seems. They ran an experiment asking 120 people to explain a trick in which the magician produces the card that people chose in a deck from his back pocket.
In one version, the magician acts as if he's swiping a queen of clubs from his hand, the card in question, into his back pocket. In another, he keeps his hand open and empty before drawing the card. In the third and final version of the experiment, the magician acts as if he's swiping the queen but reveals an empty palm before reaching in his pocket.
What is it about our psyches that make us so gullible?
In the first experiment, when the magician didn't fake a swipe, 87% of participants figured out the solution, that there was a duplicate in the pocket. Of the people who were shown an empty hand before reaching in, only 60% managed to figure out the trick.
“It's as if, having made the effort to construct a solution, people become stuck on it and less able to ‘think outside the box' and come up with a new solution that abandons their original assumptions,” stated Gustav Kuhn, who led the study.
“If you don't understand what causes an eclipse of the sun, then rather than go to bed at night with that mystery, then perhaps you make up a story about a dragon eating the sun or something like this so myths and legends spring up to explain the things that we lack the knowledge for,” said Michael Close who has written several books for magicians on the craft and works as a consultant for Penn and Teller's Fool Me.
“If they can't immediately figure out, logically, how a trick works then people will try to rationalize it,” he added.
When faced with messy questions, it's not always easy to figure out the answer the world has in its back pocket.
“I think part of it is laziness.”
FILE - In this Nov. 23, 2012, file photo, former Arkansas coach and athletic director Frank Broyles is recognized during an NCAA college football game between LSU and Arkansas, in Fayetteville, Ark. Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, died Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at his home in Fayetteville, Ark., from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from his family. He was 92. (AP Photo/April L. Brown, File)
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Frank Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, died Monday at the age of 92.
Broyles died from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from his family. "He passed peacefully in his home surrounded by his loved ones," the statement said.
Broyles won almost 71 percent of his games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years. He became the school's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach, eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season.
As athletic director, Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas' facilities — as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference. Following his coaching career, Broyles — who earned a spot in the National Football Foundation's College Hall of Fame — served as an analyst on ABC's college football telecasts.
While his coaching record of 144-48-5 defined the first part of his career, Broyles' legacy at Arkansas is every bit equaled by his work as athletic director.
Arkansas' athletic facilities underwent a near-complete overhaul following the school's move from the Southwest Conference to the SEC in 1991.
Broyles' spearheaded the fundraising efforts that led to the construction of Bud Walton Arena, the renovation of and additions to Razorback Stadium and the building of Baum Stadium. He also guided the school as it built indoor and outdoor tracks, a tennis facility and the athletic administrative complex that bears his name.
Broyles was known for his ability to identify top coaches, both head coaches and assistants.
He was responsible for the hiring of basketball coaches Eddie Sutton and Nolan Richardson as well as Lou Holtz and Ken Hatfield in football. Broyles also hired former great John McDonnell in track.
McDonnell won 40 national championships with the Razorbacks, while Richardson led Arkansas to the 1994 national championship in men's basketball.
Broyles retired as athletic director in 2007, moving into a fundraising role with the school's Razorback Foundation until his retirement from that role in 2014.
"For the past 56 years, I have had the privilege or working in the only job I ever wanted — to be the head football coach and then the athletic director of the Razorbacks," Broyles said at the time. "The Razorbacks have always been my passion."
He spent much of his time later in life attending various Arkansas sporting events and raising money for Alzheimer's awareness after the 2004 death of his wife, Barbara, following a battle with the disease.
He started the Frank and Barbara Broyles Foundation CareGivers United, an Alzheimer's education organization, and wrote a book that published more than 800,000 copies and focused on helping those who care for loved ones with Alzheimer's.
"In 50 years, people are going to look back and that's what they are going to remember him for, his second legacy," said Broyles' daughter, Betsy Arnold.
Under Broyles as coach, the Razorbacks won or shared seven Southwest Conference football titles and went to 10 bowl games.
That included a win over Nebraska in the Cotton Bowl following the 1964 regular season, which left the Razorbacks 11-0. Alabama was also undefeated entering the bowl season and was named the national champion by The Associated Press poll, but the Crimson Tide lost its bowl game to Texas — leading to Arkansas being named the champion by the Football Writers Association of America.
The Associated Press poll soon thereafter changed its policy and began naming its champion following the bowl games.
Several prominent football figures were members of the undefeated 1964 football team, including Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, former Miami Hurricanes and Dallas coach Jimmy Johnson and Hatfield.
"He's a life teacher," Jones told The Associated Press in 2014. "He always spoke about football as it related to life ... All things pointed to life's lessons."
One of Broyles' first moves as athletic director was the hiring of Sutton, the coaching great who took over a struggling basketball program and turned it into a national power.
Following Sutton's departure, Broyles once again struck coaching gold with the hiring of Richardson — though the two strong personalities later clashed when Richardson was fired in 2002 and claimed he was a victim of racial discrimination, a lawsuit that was eventually ruled without merit.
Osun west by-elections: Adeleke, Hussein, Falade pick PDP, APC, SDP tickets respectively
Candidates for three political parties that will participate in the Osun West senatorial by-election scheduled for July 8, 2017 have emerged. The seat became vacant following the death of Senator Isiaka Adeleke on April 23, 2017. A former member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Bade Falade yesterday picked the ticket of the Social Democratic…
The post Osun west by-elections: Adeleke, Hussein, Falade pick PDP, APC, SDP tickets respectively appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bethlehem policed arrested a sophomore and junior at Liberty High School for allegedly making a bomb threat that led to an evacuation and building search Friday morning.
The school was cleared just after 9 a.m. after the threat was found written in a bathroom, school officials said.
By the afternoon, the Bethlehem police school resource officers had taken the 15- and 16-year-old students into custody, police Chief Mark DiLuzio said in a news release.
There were no indication students were in any danger.
Facing charges of felony terroristic threats, the students were being detained pending action in Northampton County Juvenile Court, DiLuzio said.
Abduction, rape report at lake made up, cops say
"Incidents like this are unnecessary in today's society," the chief said in a news release. "They cause undue stress and anxiety to many students and parents of students. Incidents of this type will not be tolerated at any school or any other location in the City of Bethlehem.
"I would like to thank the officers, fire personnel, BASD staff and teachers that assisted in this incident and investigation."
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Feeling uninspired by your on demand movie selection? Don't be. Sometimes Netflix's recommendations are a little lacklustre, but there are plenty of brilliant cult favourites and award-winning movies starring Hollywood's great and good hidden on there.
From The Diary of a Teenage Girl to The Apartment, Titanic to The Talented Mr Ripley, here's our (regularly updated) pick of 50 actually good movies to watch on Netflix UK right now...
This Oscar-winning tearjerker tells the real-life story of the ill-fated RMS Titanic - as well as the now iconic love affair between young aristocrat Rose (Kate Winslet) and happy-go-lucky artist Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio.)
Read our full review
A star-studded Wes Anderson flick. Grand Budapest Hotel is a story within a story within a story, following the hotel's concierge Monsieur Gustave H (Ralph Fiennes) who teams up with Zero, his lobby boy, to prove his innocence after he is sensationally framed for murder.
Read our full review
Julianne Moore won the best actress Oscar for her moving and powerful performance in this 2014 movie. She stars as Alice, a 50-year-old linguistics professor who is diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease.
Read our full review
Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and Karen Gillan star in this sci-fi space movie. Pratt plays space adventurer Peter Quill, aka StarLord, who finds himself followed by relentless bounty hunters after he steals an orb coveted by a powerful villain.
Read our full review
The true story of Wild West outlaws Butch Cassidy (Paul Newman), and his partner Harry Longabaugh, the Sundance Kid (Robert Redford), who are on the run after a string of train robberies.
Read our full review
An accident connects four groups of people on three different continents in this Oscar-winning movie directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu. Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett star.
Read our full review
Nominated for seven Oscars in 1994, this movie tells the story of Andy Dufresne (Tim Robbins), a banker who is sentenced to life in Shawshank State Penitentiary for the murder of his wife and her lover, despite his claims of innocence.
Read our full review
Bel Powley is 15-year-old aspiring cartoonist Minnie living in the 1970s San Francisco, who embarks on an enthusiastic sexual journey. The coming-of-age movie also stars Kristen Wiig and Alexander Skarsgård.
Read our full review
Tom Hooper directs this Oscar-winning film about King George VI's struggle with a stammer. Colin Firth plays the monarch who strikes up a friendship with speech therapist Lionel Logue, played by Geoffrey Rush.
Read our full review
Reese Witherspoon is Elle Woods, the perky, pretty-in-pink sorority girl whose life would be perfect if only her boyfriend would propose. He, though, wants someone more serious, so Elle gets out to pass Harvard law in an attempt to prove blondes can have fun and win murder trials.
Read our full review
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Arizona Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo says Zack Greinke won't be the team's opening-day starter.
Lovullo, speaking before Monday's spring training game against the Chicago White Sox, said the tightness that Greinke experienced in his groin in his latest start last Wednesday led him to rule out his ace for his usual opening-day role.
If there had been no health issue, Lovullo said, Greinke would be Arizona's opening-day starter for the third straight season. He was a 17-game winner last season.
Lovullo said he's not ready to name the starter for the March 29 opener at home against Colorado, although Robbie Ray would seem to be a logical alternative.
The Diamondbacks don't believe Greinke's issue is serious. The right-hander said he felt good after a bullpen session on Sunday and he is scheduled to start Wednesday against San Francisco.
Powered by deep learning, Amazon Transcribe is a fully managed and continuously trained automatic speech recognition (ASR) service. With an easy-to-use API, customers can easily convert speech to text suitable for a wide range of use cases. It places the costly process of manual transcription and human listening with an efficient and scalable alternative. Amazon Transcribe enables customers to tap into this rich repository of voice data for actionable intelligence, and also increase the accessibility and discoverability of their audio and video content.
Learn more about Amazon Transcribe at – http://amzn.to/2ALmM9d
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Bruno Mars has announced new dates as part of his 24K Magic tour, now featuring a number of performances with Cardi B. The two performed together at this year's Grammy Awards, where they played their collaborative track “Finesse (Remix).” The new dates take the duo from Boston to Brooklyn, Dallas, Nashville, and more, with stops in St. Paul, Philadelphia, and Toronto in the tour's second leg. Mars was recently awarded numerous Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year. Check out the full list of tour dates below.
Research at Brock University recently uncovered a link between a common herb and the reduction of lung cancer cell growth.
A study into rosemary began with Evangelina Tsiani's interest in polyphenols — chemical compounds found in plants we eat. Tsiani, an associate professor in Brock's department of health sciences, wanted to know more about the polyphenols, sometimes called antioxidants, found in the herb.
Polyphenols contain tiny nutrients believed to help to prevent diabetes, cancer, heart disease and other conditions.
“We have some evidence that rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells,” Tsiani said. “The question is, how is this done? What is the mechanism of action to inhibit cancer cell proliferation?”
Working with graduate student Jessy Moore and colleagues from several other Brock departments, Tsiani set out to see if and how rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells.
In its lab, the research team cultivated the type of cancer cells that are found in up to 80 per cent of all lung cancer cases, and represent the most aggressive form of the disease. They then exposed these cells to rosemary extract, and studied the extract's impacts on a signalling pathway called Akt, and on certain proteins within the pathway.
The team found that the rosemary extract: stopped the survival and spread of cancer cells, and enhanced a process called apoptosis (pre-programmed cell death); blocked the Akt signalling pathway that would have caused the cancer cells to multiply; and stopped certain proteins in the cancer cells from being activated.
Their results appear in the study “Rosemary extract reduces Akt/mTOR/p70S6K activation and inhibits proliferation and survival of A549 human lung cancer cells,” published in the journal Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy.
“These finding are very important,” Tsiani said. “Our data suggest that rosemary extract may have considerable anti-tumour and chemoprevention properties in lung cancer, and deserves further systematic investigation. Finding drugs or chemicals that inhibit these pathways is the focus of many researchers.”
Tsiani cautioned it is too soon to tell people to eat more rosemary to prevent or stop lung cancer. The next step is to determine which specific chemicals or components of rosemary extract are responsible for these anti-cancer effects.
Rosemary contains two major polyphenols: carnosic acid and rosmarinic acid.
“These two polyphenols might be the main chemicals that have the anti-cancer effects,” said Tsiani, “and we have initiated studies exploring this possibility.”
— Cathy Majtenyi is the research communications and media relations specialist at Brock University.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
play videoKofi Bentil, Vice President of IMANI Ghana
Vice President of IMANI Africa, Kofi Bentil, has questioned the proposed source of funding for the yet-to-be established Office of Special Prosecutor.
He argues that, the proposal, which includes donations from external bodies, is a potential ground for corruption, which the office seeks to fight.
The Bill to establish the office, which is currently in Parliament for consideration, lists donations and grants as sources of funding.
Kofi Bentil, who was speaking at a media training dialogue on the Bill under the auspices of the Ghana Anti-Corruption Coalition in Accra on Friday, suggested that the Consolidated Funds could be used to fund the Office.
“Take out donations and grants. It is a window for corruption. Why can we not fund this office with the Consolidated Fund? Leave no room for anyone to make a donation…. Some of these drug dealers plan 10 years ahead. They will start taking care of you, building houses for you, buying you cars, giving you foreign trips, paying your kids' school fees 10 years ahead before they get into trouble. And when they get into trouble and you see that it is him who has been giving you these things for the past 10 years, you would not be able to take action against him,” he said.
Kofi Bentil added that, the Office of the Special Prosecutor cannot be truly functional without some constitutional amendments.
Meanwhile, the report of Parliament's Constitutional, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs Committee, on the Office of the Special Prosecutor Bill, which was expected to be laid in parliament today [Friday], has been postponed to Tuesday.
This follows the Committee's conclusion of consultations with various stakeholders concerned with the Bill.
The objective of the Bill is to establish a specialized agency to investigate specific cases of corruption involving public officers, as well as individuals in the private sector implicated in corrupt acts.
Pusha T's instantly legendary Drake diss raised several questions, one of which is what exactly the title means. This morning, Pusha called into the Breakfast Club, the morning show on New York rap station Power 105, for a diss debriefing and explained that “Adidon” is the name of Drake's upcoming line with Adidas—a portmanteau of the brand and Adonis, purportedly the name of Drake's secret son.
“The child… Allegedly, his new line on Adidas, is called Adidon, which is named after Adonis, his son,” Pusha told the Breakfast Club. “But we couldn't know about your child until you start selling sweatsuits and sneakers?”
There has been no announced partnership between Drake and Adidas, but rumors have been percolating for months that the rapper is going to be leaving Nike, where he has repped its Jordan Brand, for Adidas. To that end, Drake recently began posting photos on Instagram in which he is almost pointedly wearing Adidas apparel. Further, Kanye West has his deal with Adidas, so it's pretty easy to believe that Pusha might have inside info regarding Drake's involvement with the company, including the name for a potential line.
You can listen to the full Breakfast Club interview below.
Today in History
Today is Sunday, Feb. 4, the 35th day of 2018. There are 330 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Feb. 4, 1783, Britain's King George III proclaimed a formal cessation of hostilities in the American Revolutionary War.
On this date:
In A.D. 211, Roman Emperor Lucius Septimius Severus died at age 65.
In 1789, electors chose George Washington to be the first president of the United States.
In 1861, delegates from six southern states that had recently seceded from the Union met in Montgomery, Alabama, to form the Confederate States of America.
In 1938, the Thornton Wilder play “Our Town” opened on Broadway. Walt Disney's animated feature “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” opened in general U.S. release.
In 1941, the United Service Organizations (USO) came into existence.
In 1948, the island nation of Ceylon — now Sri Lanka — became an independent dominion within the British Commonwealth.
In 1962, a rare conjunction of the sun, the moon, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn occurred.
In 1974, newspaper heiress Patricia Hearst, 19, was kidnapped in Berkeley, California, by the radical Symbionese Liberation Army.
In 1983, pop singer-musician Karen Carpenter died in Downey, California, at age 32.
In 1987, pianist Liberace died at his Palm Springs, California, home at age 67.
In 1997, a civil jury in Santa Monica, California, found O.J. Simpson liable for the deaths of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ronald Goldman.
In 2004, the Massachusetts high court declared that gay couples were entitled to nothing less than marriage, and that Vermont-style civil unions would not suffice. The social networking website Facebook had its beginnings as Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg launched “Thefacebook.”
Ten years ago: President George W. Bush proposed a record $3.1 trillion budget that included huge deficits. Thomas S. Monson was introduced as the 16th president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, succeeding the late Gordon B. Hinckley. Harry Richard Landis, the next-to-last surviving U.S. veteran of World War I, died near Tampa, Florida, at age 108. (The last surviving U.S. World War I vet, Frank Buckles, died in February 2011.)
Five years ago: President Barack Obama signed a bill temporarily raising the government's $16.4 trillion borrowing limit, averting a default. British scientists announced they had rescued the skeletal remains of King Richard III, who lived during the 15th century, from the anonymity of a drab municipal parking lot. For the fifth straight week there was a new No. 1 in The Associated Press' men's college basketball poll: Indiana. Reg Presley, 71, lead singer for the Troggs on “Wild Thing,” died in Andover, England.
One year ago: The Justice Department appealed a judge's order temporarily blocking President Donald Trump's refugee and immigration ban, saying it was the “sovereign prerogative” of a president to admit or exclude aliens in order to protect national security. Running backs LaDainian Tomlinson and Terrell Davis and quarterback Kurt Warner were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan was voted The Associated Press 2016 NFL's Most Valuable Player and top offensive player. “La La Land” director Damien Chazelle waltzed off with the top honour at the Directors Guild of America Awards in Beverly Hills.
Today's Birthdays: Actor William Phipps is 96. Actor Jerry Adler is 89. Former Argentinian President Isabel Peron is 87. Actor Gary Conway is 82. Actor John Schuck is 78. Rock musician John Steel (The Animals) is 77. Singer Florence LaRue (The Fifth Dimension) is 76. Former Vice-President Dan Quayle is 71. Rock singer Alice Cooper is 70. Actor Michael Beck is 69. Actress Lisa Eichhorn is 66. Football Hall of Famer Lawrence Taylor is 59. Actress Pamelyn Ferdin is 59. Rock singer Tim Booth is 58. Rock musician Henry Bogdan is 57. Country singer Clint Black is 56. Rock musician Noodles (The Offspring) is 55. Country musician Dave Buchanan (Yankee Grey) is 52. Actress Gabrielle Anwar is 48. Actor Rob Corddry is 47. Singer David (dah-VEED') Garza is 47. Actor Michael Goorjian is 47. TV personality Nicolle Wallace is 46. Olympic gold medal boxer Oscar De La Hoya is 45. Rock musician Rick Burch (Jimmy Eat World) is 43. Singer Natalie Imbruglia (em-BROO'-lee-ah) is 43. Rapper Cam'ron is 42. Rock singer Gavin DeGraw is 41. Actor Charlie Barnett is 30. Olympic gold medal gymnast-turned-singer Carly Patterson is 30. Actress Kyla Kenedy (cq) (TV: “Speechless”) is 15.
Thought for Today: “Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.” — James Michener, American author (1907-1997).
In case the EOS 77D and Rebel T7i weren't enough for you, Canon has also announced the EOS M6. The company's new mirrorless camera is basically an M5 without a built-in electronic viewfinder, since it features the same 24.2-megapixel APS-C CMOS sensor, Digic 7 processor and 100-25,600 ISO. In addition to that, you get Bluetooth, NFC and WiFi for sharing photos or controlling the camera remotely via Canon's Connect app for iOS and Android. And because selfies are so important, the 3-inch LCD now tilts to help you take some beauty shots of you and your friends -- but only if the optional EVF isn't attached.
Trump's critic shoots at US lawmakers, dies in the process
One of the critics of President Donald Trump opened fire Wednesday on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, seriously wounding a top Republican congressman and three others before he was killed by police. The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of liberal Senator Bernie Sanders …
The post Trump's critic shoots at US lawmakers, dies in the process appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND — The Indians are working on a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller's sore right knee.
Miller, on the disabled list for the second time this season, visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York. Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday he intends to meet with Miller, the team's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to “map out what we want to do.”
Francona anticipates the team releasing more information Thursday, when the club opens a four-game series in Minnesota.
Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option.
The 33-year-old Miller played catch in the outfield before Wednesday's game against the Chicago White Sox. He was on the DL twice last season with patella tendinitis.
One of baseball's most dominant relievers, Miller hasn't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11. He opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting his left hamstring.
He is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Many Canadians are going to be gathered around the turkey this weekend. Based on annual spending data from Statistics Canada, it's likely one of the few times a year Canadians actually spend money on the tryptophan-laden bird.
According to the Survey of Household Spending, Canadians spend an average of $30 a year on turkey—and a Thanksgiving bird likely accounts for a large portion of that amount.
Compared to the money Canadians spend on other proteins, turkey is low on the priority list, falling far behind staples such as beef, chicken and pork. Canadians spend more on turkey, however, than they do on beans and tofu (and hence, their tofurkey).
When it comes to the provinces, it's no surprise that Newfoundland and Labrador leads the pack with their turkey spending, likely thanks to the local boiled delicacy known as Jigg's Dinner.
Here's how the numbers break down:
OMNISPORT
The New York Yankees have confirmed the signing of reigning National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton from the Miami Marlins.
The Yankees announced on Monday that they had acquired Stanton and cash considerations from the Marlins for infielder Starlin Castro, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Despite hitting 59 home runs last season, Stanton was put on the market almost immediately after the campaign. With new owners in place, the Marlins felt the 10 years and $295million left on Stanton's contract was too much of a risk.
Giancarlo Stanton discusses how he'll fit into the @Yankees lineup alongside Gary Sanchez, Aaron Judge & company: "I feel sorry for the baseballs." pic.twitter.com/lQkw8QWFPx — YES Network (@YESNetwork) December 11, 2017
The Cardinals and Giants appeared to be leading the race when both teams had deals in place with the Marlins, but Stanton informed St Louis and San Francisco on Friday that he would not waive his no-trade clause for them.
Stanton won his first MVP award this season after hitting .281 with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs. Injuries have plagued his career, though, which is why some teams shied away from his services.
There's a new Animal in the Concrete Jungle! A post shared by Giancarlo Stanton (@giancarlo818) on Dec 11, 2017 at 1:15pm PST
The 28-year-old becomes only the second reigning MVP to be traded prior to the start of the following season. The other was Alex Rodriguez, acquired by New York from the Texas Rangers just before the 2004 season.
For media planning purposes, the Office of @GeorgeHWBush will issue updates on #41 when we have something to update. Those updates would come through this Twitter feed first. Happily, our previous statement still stands: "responding and recovering." — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) April 24, 2018
Statement by the Office of @GeorgeHWBush on President Bush's health. pic.twitter.com/8UkB53JHqD — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) April 23, 2018
Sending healing thoughts of strength, along with prayers, for President George HW Bush tonight. — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 24, 2018
President George H.W. Bush has been hospitalized for an infection just after his wife Barbara's burial, but he is said to be getting better.A statement released Monday from Bush's office stated the former sitting president was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital on Sunday morning "after contracting an infection that spread to his blood."On Tuesday, Bush's spokesperson added that the former president is "responding and recovering." He added that updates will only be issued if something changes, and for now, the previous statement still stands.The 93-year-old Bush was present for the public viewing Friday of his wife Barbara Bush at St. Martin's Episcopal Church. Barbara Bush passed away last Tuesday at 92.The couple had been married for 73 years.The following is the statement in full, released Monday by Bush chief of staff, Jim McGrath:Later Monday night, McGrath added that the former president has a goal to work toward:First Lady Melania Trump, who attended Barbara Bush's memorial services in Houston, offered her best wishes for a speedy recovery to President Bush:George H.W. Bush has faced varying medical issues in recent years, requiring stays of multiple days in the hospital. His recent stay was in April 2017 when he spent two weeks for pneumonia and chronic bronchitis.
Marketers beg Fed Govt to clear N800b debt
Marketers yesterday spoke of financial constraints, begging the Federal Government to pay them N800billion spent on fuel import. The cash also covers interest on bank loans.
The marketers , which are owing banks over $1.2 billion, appealed to Acting President Yemi Osinbajo for “urgent intervention”.
In a communiqué after their meeting in Lagos, signed by their legal adviser, Mr. Patrick Etim, the marketers, including the Depot and Petroleum Products Marketers Association (DAPPMA), said Osinbajo met with them on May 22, with Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Ibe Kachikwu and Central Bank Governor Godwin Emefiele in attendance. The meeting was on how to pay the debt.
After the meeting, Osinbajo, the marketers said, directed the Minister of Finance to resolve the problem.
The communique reads: “This debt has greatly impeded our ability to operate, our operating funds have been eroded, curtailed our ability to access funds from the financial institutions and some of our members have resorted to staff retrenchment due to inactivity, the marketers said. Besides, our worst fear is that AMCON at some point may take over our firms as a result of this debt. It is for these reasons and other challenges facing the downstream petroleum subsector that we seek government's intervention to approve immediate payment of the debt.
“The foreign exchange differentials, which arose as a result of the initial devaluation of the naira by the last administration from the initial N165/S$1 and the interest payable due to delayed reimbursement by the government, both of which the Federal Government had approved for payment to marketers, have not been fully settled by the appropriate Federal Government agencies.
“The recent further devaluation of the naira from N195 to N285 and later to over N305 to S$1, while the Federal Government agencies based their reimbursement calculation on N197 to S$1, has left members our association with additional debt burden in excess of N300billion. The downstream subsector is now saddled with a debt burden of over N400billion, which keeps rising because the banks are still charging interests on it until the total debt is fully liquidated.
“As a result of the unpaid interest and foreign exchange differentials, we are becoming insolvent and financially handicapped to continue operating profitably. Commercial banks, the original and actual owners of these funds are already hard hit by our inability to return these funds within the ‘contract tenure of 45 days' and have, in line with the Central Bank of Nigeria's guidelines, ‘classified' marketers' accounts in all the banks in the federation. In addition, properties provided by marketers as securities for these funds are in the process of being auctioned including some storage facilities such as tank farms.
“We have indeed made several spirited efforts to get the government agencies involved to pay up fully, adhering to the principle of ‘full restitution' to all participants in the then premium motor spirit (PMS) import scheme but the major challenge on the economy has impeded complete success hence we are making a direct appeal to Acting President to intervene.”
According to the communiqué, the marketers are unable to pay because their bank debts form part of what they too are being owed by the government. Their inability to pay or service the loans, they said, was hindering their business and threatening the affected banks' operation and the financial industry.
“Government's debt, which arose from arrears of unpaid imported petrol supplied to the country as a result of the contract the Federal Government entered with marketers mandating them to import and supply petrol to the market on the condition that it (government) shall pay the difference between the landing cost and the selling price of petrol (as fixed by government) provided that the landing cost is higher than the selling price.
“The government approved the landing cost which fluctuated as it depended mainly on the international price of petrol and the exchange rate of naira/dollar. A key term of the government's contract with marketers is that the under-recovery payments shall be paid to marketers within 45days of submission of documents evidencing discharge of petrol cargo and trucking out from storage. It was also agreed that after 45 days the government shall pay the interest charges on the loans taken by the marketers to finance the importation of cargoes of petrol.
“The problem of the banks is compounded by the fact that they provided billions of dollars to finance the importation of cargoes of petrol. They opened Letters of Credit at approximated exchange rate of N197/$1.00. Petrol was supplied and sold by marketers at the then prevailing government approved pump price and the repayment was calculated using the above exchange rate. ”As at 2016, the banks have not liquidated the Letters of Credit from 2014 because of lack of foreign exchange from the government.
“The outstanding matured Letters of Credit are currently over $1.2billion. Because many Nigerian banks were involved in raising this fund, the entire Nigerian banking system is at risk on account of these transactions,” they added, noting that the debt prevents banks from providing loans to them for future petrol imports and even to players in other sectors of the economy,” the marketers said.
They said the banks were in quandary over the debt. “ Besides, should the banking sector collapse, it will cost the government over N2trillion to revive it. But there is little evidence that the government sees the risks in further delaying the payments under the subsidy scheme.
“The banks are worried that financing new petrol imports when outstanding loans, interests and charges have not been paid will be foolish especially when it is clear that the imports will represent an unmitigated loss to the importers based on the landing costs. Therefore, honouring contract agreements by the government would help boost local and foreign investments.
“Nigeria is currently not experiencing scarcity of petroleum products because NNPC has increased importation and supply of products, however, NNPC cannot sustain it without marketers importing.”
The post Marketers beg Fed Govt to clear N800b debt appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HAKUBA, Japan — Akito Watabe of Japan won his fourth straight Nordic combined World Cup event on Saturday to enhance his position as a gold medal contender at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Watabe jumped 130.5 metres and finished the 10-kilometre race in 24 minutes, 14.6 seconds, 1:12.6 ahead of Norway's Jan Schmid. Germany's Manuel Faisst was third.
The 29-year-old Sochi silver medallist , who will represent Japan in his fourth straight Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, extended his season wins to five — the most he has won in a single season on the World Cup circuit.
Watabe became only the second athlete to sweep the three-day Seefeld Triple event in Austria last month. He has surged to the top of the World Cup standings with the results from Japan and Austria, adding to a win earlier this season in Finland.
Schmid caught Faisst on the last steep uphill and crossed the finish line 10 seconds ahead of the German skier to claim his third runner-up finish of the season.
Watabe has 845 points in the overall standings, 60 ahead of Schmid heading into Sunday's final World Cup event before the Olympics.
DALLAS (AP) - A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring him innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating his high school graduation and decision to join the Marines.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate him to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an "exhaustive investigation" corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
"He was facing execution the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe he was doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him."
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at his 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out and James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, he confessed to killing Gauna and that he also confessed later to his appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but she said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Garage rock staple Ty Segall, along with his Freedom band, has released a new version of “Fanny Dog,” the opener from his latest album Freedom's Goblin. The eclectic new version titled “Fanny Dog (Royal)” captures a live performance atmosphere with its pronounced horns, antique piano melodies, and groovy guitar work.
Ty Segall is currently on a major tour in support of Freedom's Goblin. Listen to the new version of the track below.
Conte: Chelsea will drop points
Antonio Conte says Chelsea will struggle to repeat the winning run which has propelled them to the top of the Premier League.
The Blues have reached the halfway point in the season having dropped just eight points and Conte doubts his side will be able to repeat that feat in the second half of the season.
The Chelsea manager said: “To win 16 out of 19 games is a great achievement. It won't be easy to repeat this run.
“The light is on Chelsea after a great first part of the season, and for this reason we must work more.”
The post Conte: Chelsea will drop points appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Turn Your Intellectual Property To Bankable Assets – Akinwunmi – Independent Newspapers Limited
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PITTSBURGH — Jaylen Adams poured in a career-high 40 points, including a 3-pointer with five seconds remaining, to lift St. Bonaventure to an 84-81 victory over Duquesne on Saturday.
Adams connected on 14 of 22 shots from the floor, including a career-high eight 3-pointers on 13 attempts for the Bonnies (16-6, 6-4 Atlantic 10 Conference). Adams added seven assists — two on 3-pointers — giving him a hand in 56 of the Bonnies' 84 points. Matt Mobley added 19 points and Courtney Stockard chipped in with 10 points, six rebounds and five assists.
Tarin Smith scored 24 for the Dukes (15-9, 6-5) and his only 3-pointer came with 42 seconds left to knot the score at 81. Duquesne nearly went to overtime for a fourth straight home game. The Dukes beat La Salle in triple overtime, followed that with a double-OT win over George Mason, before falling in overtime to Richmond.
Rene Castro-Caneddy added 21 points for the Dukes, who have already topped last season's overall win total (10) and A-10 wins (three) under first-year coach Keith Dambrot.
Duquesne led 37-36 at halftime and was up 72-67 on Eric Williams Jr.'s layup with six minutes left, but Adams had nine points from there to preserve the win.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
HOWELL – The township police department recently saw retirements and a reduction in overtime, and could use an upgrade to its fleet of vehicles.
As Howell Township continues to iron out the coming municipal budget, Police Chief Andrew Kudrick shared his department's request to purchase 10 new police vehicles. Kudrick said the department has undergone a massive reduction in police overtime since he became chief in July 2015.
The police chief explained these requests, current costs and more in a budget presentation February 6. Though Kudrick said Howell has a very low crime rate, the leading causes of township fatalities are road accidents and drug overdoses.
He said the vehicle additions include a multi-functional, fully loaded response truck that would be an asset in responding to late night car accidents and crime scene investigations.
The current response truck needs to first be driven to a facility to be stocked before it can respond to a call, which can take up to an hour.
The proposed Ford F-550 would already be loaded with these tools and be a true “first response” vehicle, manned by officers who have already been trained to use it, he said. Toms River is already using these trucks on its force.
Six, top-level police officers retired last year, and Chief Kudrick is asking for an additional three new hires this year.
A proposal is being discussed with the Howell Board of Education that would allow some of these retired officers to provide security at public schools, in response to a bill that Governor Christie signed into law last year. The law states that to provide security, these “Class Three” officers must be under 65 years of age, undergo specialized training and work no more than 20 hours a week. The township plans to hire 15 Class Three officers in total and station one in every middle school.
Kudrick also explained the Howell EMS budget. The EMS is primarily a part-time business that pays for itself by bringing in annual revenue of over a million dollars. It recently hired its first full-time employee in 10 years, a coordinator who helped locate an additional $300,000 in revenue through billing discrepancies.
Chief Kudrick recommended hiring another full-time coordinator to handle the road, but councilmembers pushed back, saying that it would nearly double the coordinator's salary after factoring in health benefits and other intangibles.
The police chief also proposed some upgrades to safety communications, including the purchase of four portable radios that would allow emergency services to link up with the police department and dial into state, county and local radio frequencies. Right now, emergency workers are using donated radios that only operate on one frequency.
Although the radio upgrade would cost $30,000, Township Manager Jeffrey Mayfield told councilmembers, “I don't see any way around it.”
The budget hearing opened up a larger debate about these costs, with some council members saying citizens care less about safety and more about their taxes going down.
An additional budget meeting date is scheduled for 6 p.m. February 21.
YouTube
It's barely been a week since The Rock announced he'd be producing a movie based on the life of WWE Superstar Paige and her family, and the casting announcements have already been bonkers-awesome. First up was the one-two punch of Game of Thrones‘ Lena Headey and Shaun of the Dead‘s Nick Frost. And now we've got something that is truly money baby, yeah. Oh, behave!
The latest casting announcement was posted on The Rock's Instagram account on Tuesday and it's a doozy. Vince Vaughn, probably best known for his work in Clay Pigeons, has signed on to play an “'80s wrestling star.” Based on The Rock's description, wrestling fans immediately started connecting dots and the best theory at this point is that he'll portray Jake “The Snake” Roberts … or a fictional representation thereof.
Our @sevenbucksprod is excited to welcome Vince Vaughn to our #FightingWithMyFamily cast. He loved the script and sank his teeth into it embodying this character. He's playing a man who I know all too well and those of you who follow wrestling history know well too. The 80's wrestling star who squandered his money and opportunities because he didn't have the capacity to handle his fame. One bad decision after another, but these days he owns his past actions and does everything he can to give back to the wrestling business he loves. Vince has been a buddy of mine for years and I'm fired up to see what he brings to this role. I grew up in and love this wild, crazy and unpredictable world of pro wrestling. Our little passion project is coming together nicely. More casting news to come. Production starts tomorrow. Let's shoot!
Based on The Rock's “a man I know all too well” wording, the movie probably isn't going to “Randy The Ram” this role. Not to jump to conclusions, but … man, that rundown suuuuure sounds like Jake “The Snake” Roberts. Vince Vaughn playing an aging wrestling superstar in the same movie where Nick Frost and Lena Headey are (probably) playing proud but wacky pro wrestling parents.
Thank you, Rock, for bringing us this absolute brain-bending weirdness. Let the casting mindfreaks continue until we can no longer cope with them.
Herdsmen attack: Why there are plans to assassinate me – Delta lawmaker, Ivwurie
The lawmaker representing Ethiope East in Delta State House of Assembly, Evance Ivwurie, has raised alarm over alleged plans to assassinate him. According to him, the plot was as a result of his decision to champion the cause of his constituents who were allegedly killed and maimed daily by suspected armed Fulani herdsmen. ‎ Ivwurie, […]
Herdsmen attack: Why there are plans to assassinate me – Delta lawmaker, Ivwurie
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Connor McDavid entered Sunday's game against the Maple Leafs in Toronto looking for redemption after being held without a point in his first NHL game at Air Canada Centre last November.
While the Edmonton Oilers superstar from Richmond Hill, Ont., controlled the play during stretches — showing off his dazzling speed and finishing with a game-high seven shots on goal — he again was held off the scoresheet in a 1-0 Edmonton loss.
“You don't get anything for being close. It's disappointing,” said McDavid. “We definitely should've at least scored one goal, maybe a handful. Credit to them, they played solid defence, and held on to that lead.”
McDavid's best scoring chance came 3:46 into the third period on a power play, when he beat Curtis McElhinney glove-side with a wrist shot from the face-off dot, but rang it off the crossbar.
In the second period, McDavid failed to capitalize on a short-handed breakaway. The Oilers captain was in the clear from the neutral zone and tried to go backhand five-hole on McElhinney, but couldn't slip the puck between the goaltender's pads.
“I thought he was outstanding, the puck was on his tape, his legs were going, he was making plays, he commanded the play and good leaders do that, they rise to the occasion,” said Oilers coach Todd McLellan. “We didn't get to the carrot though, that was the problem and that shouldn't discourage our group.”
The Oilers (12-16-2) remained seven points back of the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference with five teams ahead of them in the standings.
Though Edmonton has 52 games remaining, starting with the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday, the club knows time is quickly running out.
“I don't think we're completely out of the runway, but at some point, you've got to put together a pretty big and a pretty good win streak to get yourself back in the mix,” said Milan Lucic. “We have a lot of divisional games left and if we take care of that, we can get ourselves back in the picture.
“But also we know that it has to start sooner than later because if .500 hockey continues, there'll be no chance we get ourselves back in the playoff race.”
Edmonton struggled out of the gate going 3-6-1 in October before compiling a 7-8-1 record in November.
The Oilers came to Toronto following one of their more impressive wins of the season, 6-2 over the Canadiens at Bell Centre, but couldn't solve McElhinney, who turned aside 41 shots for his first shutout of the season.
The turning point came in the second period when the Oilers had a full two-minute 5-on-3 power play, and despite putting five shots on goal during the two-man advantage, they couldn't find the back of the net.
“You've got to inch up the mountain and tonight's points would've been very valuable to us, obviously we didn't get 'em, but we're continually talking about improving our game, getting consistency,” said McLellan. “We haven't talked a lot about standings or where we sit or how many games are left.
“I think we're improving, we're slowly getting better, we're getting quicker now and if we continue to play like we did tonight, we'll get our share of wins. Plug away.”
Students showcase favorite kicks at Sneaker Expo
Students were able to discuss and showcase their favorite sneakers at the Student Program Board's first sneaker expo event Thursday in the Student Center South's Houston Room.
Tables showcasing shoes were set up by students, on-campus organizations and retailers in the Houston area. Students could buy or trade shoes on display, and a speech was given by UH alum Bryan Angelle, who founded Sneaker Summit in Houston.
“People have comic cons or sneaker cons,” said Aditya Shah Fashi, a design student at the Art Institute of Houston, who was showcasing his shoes at the event. “You just come together, you appreciate the art and it's pretty dope
Fashi said that sneaker culture has been growing for years now, and when he comes to UH he sees sneaker culture on campus. He said he was contacted by a friend asking if he would like to have his own booth at the sneaker expo.
“I've actually never been on this side of it,” Fashi said. “I've always gone to sneaker cons, but I've always been looking around and never really had my own booth, so I thought this was a great place to do that.”
Sport administration sophomore Andre Jones said he has been into shoes since he was 10, and he enjoyed the event because he was able to see Yeezy's and other popular sneakers in person for the first time.
“I've seen them on TV and the internet, but I've never seen them in person,” Jones said. “It was kind of cool to finally see them up close, touch them and see how they look and stuff.”
Students could have their own table to compete for prizes and trade and sell shoes to other students. Hospitality management sophomore Tommy Tran had his own table with his sneakers and said one problem with sneaker culture is all the hype behind them.
“Right now, honestly, it's all hype. Hypees, hype can bring the value of shoes from like $200 to a thousand,” Tran said. “Sneaker culture is buying, selling, appreciating sneakers. Other people are just like, ‘Oh, they are just shoes you know.' But we see sneakers in a different perspective.”
Sneaker Summit founder Bryan Angelle came to talk about how he got into sneakers and created one of the world's largest sneaker events, Houston's Sneaker Summit. He graduated from UH in 1994 with an electrical design degree but left a career in electrical design to pursue his passion of sneakers.
Sneaker Expo was the brainchild of SPB Social Media and Programming Chair Glende Killough.
“The idea came from my love of tennis shoes and sneakers and wanting to share the culture of that with the University of Houston,” Killough said. “I feel like everybody has tennis shoes, and everybody has a story to tell behind that.”
[email protected]
Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding Wednesday on whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages.
"It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on why they should come to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina."
At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation — just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures — most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said.
"Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union."
A "yes" vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. "Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development ... of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing."
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers.
"The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether."
Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents.
"Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!"
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later.
"Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States," Cornfield said, "it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period."
Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing.
"They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said.
On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes" on Wednesday.
"Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. "It's not going to be this way anymore."
———
Associated Press writer Emery P. Dalesio in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
———
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
British engine maker Rolls-Royce slumped into a record annual net loss in 2016, ravaged by a Brexit-fueled collapse in the pound and a corruption fine.
The loss after tax of £4 billion, equivalent to $4.98 billion, contrasted with a slender profit of £84 million ($1.05 billion) in 2015, the company said in a results statement. Rolls took a vast £4.4 billion ($5.48 billion) hit from the drop in the value of the pound in the wake of Britain's shock EU exit referendum, alongside a £671 million ($835.60 million) penalty to settle bribery allegations.
The London-listed company, whose engines are used in Airbus and Boeing aircraft, added that underlying pre-tax profits almost halved to £813 million ($1.01 billion).
Rolls-Royce, which also makes power systems for use on land and at sea, stated it was on track with efforts to slash costs and expected a “modest” performance improvement in 2017.
“2016 has been an important year as we accelerated the transformation of Rolls-Royce,” said CEO Warren East, who has overseen a radical restructuring. “We have made operational progress and performed ahead of our expectations for the year as a whole.
“At the same time, we have delivered major changes to our management and processes and, while we have made good progress in our cost cutting and efficiency programs, more needs to be done to ensure we drive sustainable margin improvements within the business.”
The huge annual loss also follows a tough past few years for Rolls, which faced a string of profit warnings on the back of weak demand in its aerospace and marine markets. The company was fined that £671 million in January to settle bribery and corruption claims probed by Britain's Serious Fraud Office and authorities in Brazil and the United States. Rolls will pay the penalty over five years, but has taken the full cost as an impairment charge against its 2016 profits.
The pound has meanwhile fallen by almost a fifth against the dollar since the Brexit referendum that was held last June. The slide is pushing up the costs of imported goods, sending British annual inflation to the highest levels in 2.5 years.
Official data Tuesday showed 12-month consumer price inflation rising to 1.8% in January — the highest level since June 2014.
“Surging inflation, in particularly food and fuel prices, are eating into disposable incomes and in turn that is starting to hit spending,” said ING bank economist James Smith. “We expect to see further evidence of this in this week's retail sales data.”
Keep with manufacturing news, notes and analysis from across the country and around the world with the IW Daily Newsletter, delivered to your inbox every weekday morning
Looking ahead for Rolls, East told reporters that 2017 would be “challenging” for the embattled group: “We have to look after the short term or there won't be a long term.”
In morning deals, Rolls-Royce shares slid but analysts described the move as a “kneejerk” reaction. Around 1000 GMT, the stock was down 4.9% at 704.50 pence ($8.78), topping the losers' board on London's benchmark FTSE 100 index. Analysts remained bullish over the firm's performance.
“The company chalked up one of the biggest losses in corporate history — but it's not as bad as it looks, and that is perhaps why we're seeing the stock coming back a tad after the initial kneejerk,” said Neil Wilson at trading firm ETX Capital.
“Rolls took a £4.4 billion hit from the weak pound following the EU referendum last June and it was fined £671 million to settle bribery charges. Strip those out and the results do not look half as bad.”
By Roland Jackson
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2017
TheaterWorks, Hartford: Playwright Jacques Lamarre must have an appetite for memoirs featuring food. Several years ago his play “I Loved, I Lost, I Made Spaghetti” was his adaptation of a memoir of the same name and played the theater circuit for a good run. It featured a woman cooking a meal on stage and serving it to several audience members. Now he has adapted Chef Rossi's memoir, “Raging Skillet.” Rossi is the owner and executive chef of “The Raging Skillet,” a well known catering company that prides itself in unique and tasty offerings. This play is based on Rossi's book and also features a woman cooking on stage. The difference is the ethnicity of the cooks. In “Spaghetti,” the main character is Italian Catholic woman looking for a husband and in “Skillet,” the chef extraordinaire is a Jewish lesbian feminist.
There are two other characters in addition to the chef in the current production. The chef's dead Jewish mother comes back from the grave to witness her daughter's success and to criticize her daughter in a stereotypical Jewish mother guilt laying fashion. The chef's mom is also a hound for coupons and a lousy cook. The awful food was the motivation for her rebellious daughter to learn how to cook. Rossi's first big hit was a Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole.
Throughout the performance, the chef talks about some of the dishes she has made that led to her success. For instance, she describes her Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole, which she recreates on stage. “Once you mix, then scrape the goop into your buttered pan and smush till it's all in.” She demonstrates and when the batch is made, she has her sous-chef pass some samples around to the audience. The actress playing Rossi also creates mini tomato and mozzarella skewers and pulled and barbecued chicken on a Ritz cracker. These are passed around to some audience members.
As she narrates the horrible, but hilarious scenes from the story of her rise to fame, her mother keeps interrupting. Rossi talks back and seems rather cruel to her mother at times. Her hard edge gets softer at the end, when she flips through the pages of her mother's scrapbook and realizes what a special woman her mom really was.
The funniest parts of the show are when Rossi tells of her job as a day bartender; as an assistant to a chef where she had to dip 3,000 strawberries into chocolate, and finally as her own boss she caters an event celebrating the play “The Vagina Monologues.” Her vivid descriptions of her creations for this event could make a sailor blush.
By the way, large projections of chapter titles in Rossi's books flank the stage and a large display of her books are on the edge of the stage and for sale immediately after the play. Throughout the show, you'll hear loud pulsating rock music blasting through the theater. The music makes the show more exciting and emphasizes what a cool and rebellious young woman this chef was.
As for the language of the play, in every playbill, you will find “A Goy's Glossary” of Jewish terms. And, if you thought you knew all the swear words that could be uttered, see this play and you might learn some new ones. In other words, this is a warning. If you object to foul language cross this show off your list.
Directed by John Simpkins, the cast performs well. Dana Smith-Croll plays Rossi and is definitely a sassy “b..ch.” Marilyn Sokol plays the stereotypical Jewish mom, and George Salazar plays DJ Skillit – assistant and sous-chef.
The effective and functional set designer is Michael Schweikardt. Blair Gulledge designed costumes, with John Lasiter and Julian Evans designers of lighting and sound respectively.
Knowing the fun-loving and witty playwright, I can honestly say that this is not his best work.
The play runs through Aug. 27. Box office: 860-527-7838.
NEWARK, N.J. — A former Rutgers University professor whose conviction for sexually assaulting a disabled man was overturned pleaded guilty Monday to aggravated criminal sexual contact.
Anna Stubblefield entered her plea Monday as part of a deal with Essex County prosecutors in New Jersey. She admitted she should have known the man was legally unable to consent, but declined further comment following the hearing.
Prosecutors will recommend Stubblefield receives a four-year prison term when she's sentenced May 7, and she will get credit for the prison time she already has served.
Stubblefield, who once chaired Rutgers-Newark's philosophy department, testified at trial that she and the man fell in love after she was brought on by his family to help him communicate. Stubblefield said he consented to the relationship by communicating on a keyboard, but prosecutors said Stubblefield used her position to take advantage of the then-29-year-old man, who has cerebral palsy and can't speak.
Stubblefield was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to 12 years in prison. But an appeals court ruled last June that she should get a new trial with a new judge because the trial judge erred by barring testimony from an expert witness for the defence.
Stubblefield's lawyer argued that the expert would have convinced jurors the man could consent to sex. The expert had done a three-day evaluation of the man that included “facilitated communication,” a technique that uses a trained person to assist a disabled person, usually with typing.
The trial judge determined facilitated communication is an “unrecognized field of science.”
The appellate panel found that because jurors couldn't hear the expert's full assessment of the man, they were left with the impression that no one — apart from Stubblefield herself — believed he had the mental abilities to consent to sex.
The Associated Press generally does not identify people who are the alleged victims of sex crimes.
Stubblefield, 48, was married with children when her relationship with the man developed. She met him in 2009 through his brother, who had been taking a college course from her. Over the next two years, she worked with him using facilitated communication. She argued that he could communicate by typing.
The man's family sued Stubblefield and won a $4 million judgment over her treatment of him.
How did 80% of the global RV production end up in Northeast Indiana?
As is the case in most manufacturing clusters, it all starts with a few people, an idea and a drive to be successful. In this case, it was three Hoosiers -- Milo Miller, Wilbur Schult and Harold Platt -- who according to Al Hesselbart, the former staff historian of the RV/MH Hall of Fame, “fell in love with trailers in the mid-1930s.”
Hesselbart explained, in an article in Inside Indiana Business, that by 1948 Elkhart had earned the title of “Trailer Capital of the World” as 100 companies were building trailers in and around Elkhart County.
Fast forward to 2017, where the tradition continues. Currently, Indiana ranks 3rd nationally in vehicle manufacturing with 20% of those in manufacturing working in this sector.
So the question is what factors were in place from then until now, that enabled this industry, as well as the entire vehicle industry to grow in this area.
John Sampson, CEO of the Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership has a few thoughts on this. “We have been making things for a long time and have a lot of expertise,” says Sampson. “But the secret to our success is our approach to manufacturing in that we are able to align workforce development with the business climate and the needs of the employers.”
Interesting, the RV industry has exemplified that strategy as it led the region to recovery after 2008. One of the companies instrumental in that momentum was REV Recreational Group. The company consolidated one its line in the region after 2009. Its manufacturing facilities for this line were scattered throughout the U.S. “We decided to consolidate in this region, even though we had just built a fairly new facility in a nearby state,” explains Lenny Razo, vice president of Marketing and Sales for REV Recreation Group.
“To me that says a great deal about what we thought about this region,” added Razo.
As one of the top employers, the company operates more than 4 million sq. ft. in Decatur, Elkhart and Bristol building brands such as American Coach, Monaco Coach, Holiday Rambler, Fleetwood RV and Renegrade RV.
When the company brought the additional manufacturing to this region they also brought in more technology and therefore had to train the workforce. They received help with workforce development by actions the county had made in 2006. That year, the county “took apart the system and undid the traditional approach to a demand-driven system,” said Sampson. “Early on we positioned workforce incentives for employers attached to targeted industries and the RV sector was part of that.”
As is always the story when talking about retaining and building a manufacturing cluster, the workforce is front and center.
In an area that has a well-established workforce, sometimes a different viewpoint is necessary. “We all realize that we are going to have to adapt to a new workforce,” explains Razo.
“We were having a lot of discussions about how the workdays would look as well as what benefits this group is looking at,” says Razo. For example, over the past few years, they have switched for four ten-hour days so employees have Friday off and can spend more time with their families. “In fact, we bring families into the facility and it's neat to watch people show their families what they build.”
Keeping workers engaged in the manufacturing sector will be vital to this region that expects to create 26,000 new jobs over the next ten years. To address this continued growth, in an area that has very low unemployment, the county created a strategic plan, called Vision 2030. Part of that goal is to grow the area's population to 1 million residents. A related goal is to have more than 60% of the workforce achieving a postsecondary credential. The county has already made some strides in this area through its Ivy Tech Community College system that provides dual credit opportunities to students in 35 high schools. Additionally, the region has eight STEM-focused New Tech schools. This training will go towards a tough situation that the area is facing in that it has more jobs in manufacturing then workers.
Yet business will still continue to expand given the robust supply chain for this cluster of manufacturing. An example is an announcement by Thor Motor Coach, this past July, that it will add more than 500,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing to its five Elkhart county campuses.
This type of growth is why area manufacturers have joined with each other as well as city agencies to plan for the future. “We are working with other manufacturers to continue to provide the strong workforce this area will continue to need,” says Razo.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in Ellesmere Port will now carry a unique crime-fighting tool in a bid to deter youths from riding scrambler bikes anti-socially.
The SelectaDNA forensic coding spray enables police officers and police community support officers (PCSOs) to mark riders and their bikes and trace them back to anti-social behaviour at a later date.
The sprays consist of an invisible dye, which marks the skin, clothing and bike and officers can then use specialist lighting to identify offenders and link them to a specific incident using a unique DNA code.
Anyone found to have been marked by one of the sprays or owning a scrambler bike that has been sprayed faces prosecution and if a scrambler bike is found to have been sprayed on more than one occasion it will be permanently seized by the police.
Sergeant Paul Davis, of Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: “There is a growing problem of youths riding scrambler bikes in an anti-social manner in the town.
“The anti-social use of these bikes is not only dangerous but also affects the wellbeing of the community.
“The escalation of incidents in Ellesmere Port culminated in a woman being knocked down in the town recently – an incident that we are currently investigating.
“We are committed to tackling the problem, working tirelessly to identify and prosecute the individuals responsible for this sort of behaviour, and the new sprays will help us to do this."
He added: "The SelectaDNA sprays will mark the riders and bikes for a significant period of time and enable us to trace and prosecute them.
“Local officers and PCSOs will be in possession of the sprays ready for deployment as and when needed.”
A dedicated team of officers will be targeting scrambler bike offenders in Ellesmere Port over the next week and anyone found to be flouting the law will be dealt with accordingly.
Sergeant Davis added: “PCSOs and officers on off-road bikes will be patrolling the town and anyone found to be flouting the law will be dealt with accordingly.
“The officers will be carrying the new sprays, which are now a permanent part of officers' armoury in Ellesmere Port.
“They can be used to spray offenders riding past officers on scrambler bikes with proof that they have committed anti-social behaviour.
“We hope the fact that officers and PCSOs in Ellesmere Port now have the sprays will deter youths from riding scrambler bikes in an anti-social manner in the town.
“Any youths found to have been sprayed with them will be prosecuted.”
Anyone with information regarding youths riding scrambler bikes in an anti-social manner should contact Cheshire police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: thebftonline.com
2017-10-06
File photo: Government to pull down buildings that do not meet building requirements
Indiscriminately constructed buildings which do not conform to the required building regulations are likely to be pulled down when government completes amending the building code.
“The building everywhere and anyhow mentality cannot continue with the passage and enforcement of the law we pray this august house will make,” Works and Housing Minister, Samuel Atta Akyea, told parliament on World Habitat Day celebrated on October 2.
The ministry, he said, is in the process of amending the Building Regulations LI 1630 of 1996 to reflect the revised Building Code.
The Draft Ghana Building Code, which was put together by the Building and Road Research Institute (BRRI) in 1988, has been reviewed by the Ministry of Works and Housing and its stakeholders and is ready for adoption.
The minister also disclosed that in view of the increasing demand for the development of high rise buildings and its implications for shared ownership of common areas, and also to maximise limited land space, the ministry is seeking cabinet approval before a final bill on condominium properties is drafted by the Attorney General's Department.
Government is determined to address the housing deficit, through partnerships with the private sector in the provision of affordable housing units of different typologies to meet the demands of Ghanaians, he said.
The Ministry of Works and Housing is implementing the Affordable Housing Programme aimed at providing adequate, decent affordable housing, particularly to low- and middle-income groups.
Recognising low income levels as a challenge on the demand side of housing in Ghana, the ministry's focus is how to make housing affordable. To achieve this goal, “We are adopting cost-saving technologies and new techniques of construction, as well as innovative mortgage financing,” he added.
One of the major bottlenecks facing housing delivery in Ghana is financing. Government is therefore adopting a two-pronged approach to mobilise funds both domestically and internationally to support the Housing sector.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Louisville has placed associate men's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport.
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett, who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino's replacement. Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe.
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich, who's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees. Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while co-operating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson “an appropriate step at this time.”
Johnson is in his fourth season with Louisville; it's Fair's second season the staff.
——
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP–Top25
SEFFNER, Fla. (WFLA) – Detectives are asking for help finding the person who vandalized a Confederate Memorial at a park in Seffner.
Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office deputies say it happened at the Confederate Memorial Park located at 10418 U.S. Highway 92 East.
The park is private and is known for the large Confederate flag that can be seen from the interstate.
The sheriff's office says a passerby called 911 to report the vandalism.
Deputies responded to the park at 11 a.m. on Sunday and discovered red paint had been thrown on all of the columns on the memorial and derogatory comments had been written in paint.
There were also drops of paint on the ground throughout the memorial.
Anyone with any information about the crime is asked to call the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office at 813-247-8200. Anyone with any information regarding the identity and whereabouts of this suspect and who wants to be eligible for a cash reward is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-873-TIPS (8477) or report anonymously online at http://www.crimestopperstb.com.
Who vandalized a Confederate memorial in Seffner? View as list View as gallery Open Gallery A Confederate memorial at a private park in Seffner was vandalized. A Confederate memorial at a private park in Seffner was vandalized. A Confederate memorial at a private park in Seffner was vandalized. A Confederate memorial at a private park in Seffner was vandalized. A Confederate memorial at a private park in Seffner was vandalized. A Confederate memorial at a private park in Seffner was vandalized.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Business News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: B&FT
File photo
Ghana's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) provisional growth in the third quarter of 2016 rose by 4 percent year-on-year. The GDP which includes oil for the 3rd quarter of 2016, grew by 4 percent compared to 3.5 percent in the same period of 2015
The 3.6 percent recorded a year ago was due to increased oil production, according to the Ghana Statistical Services (GSS)
Ghana's economy for some time now has seen growth at 8 percent annually on the back of its gold, oil and cocoa exports. But the rapid growth in 2013 slowed sharply, due to lower global commodities prices. The 4% all inclusive growth included the service sector which records the highest growth of 4.7 percent, followed by industry with 3.9 and agric 2.3 percent.
Meanwhile, the non-oil provisional GDP for the third quarter of 2016, grew by 4.6% compared to 4.1% recorded for the third quarter of 2015.
Data from the Ghana Statistical Service shows that the provisional estimate (including oil) for the third quarter of 2016 at current prices (including financial intermediation services indirectly measured) is GH¢44,608.1 million but the estimate for the same period in 2015 was GH¢37,351.3 million.
Also, the provisional estimate (excluding oil) for the third quarter of 2016 at current prices (including financial intermediation services indirectly measured) is GH¢43,786.8 million.
However, in the same period in 2015, the value was GH¢36,117.8 million.
The quarter-on-quarter seasonally adjusted 2016 quarter three GDPs grew by 1.1% compared to 0.5% recorded for 2016 second quarter
With regards to the sector performance, the livestock sub-sector recorded the highest year-on-year growth rate of 5.6% while the fishing sub-sector recorded the lowest growth rate of 0.3%.
The Agric sector on his part recorded a year-on-year quarterly growth of 2.3 percent also the crops and forestry, and logging recorded a yearly growth rate of 2.2 and 1.9 percent respectively.
For Industry, its year-on-year GDP growth rate for the third quarter was 3.9 percent while the construction sub-sector recorded the highest year-on-year quarterly GDP growth rate of 16.3%, while the Water and Sewerage sub-sector recorded the lowest (-7.8%).
Meanwhile, for the third quarter of 2016, the Services sector recorded a year-on-year quarterly GDP growth rate of 4.7%.
The Transport & Storage sub-sector recorded the highest year-on-year quarterly GDP growth rate of 8.6% while the Community, Social and Other Personal Activities sub-sector recorded the lowest growth rate of -1.0%.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — If you haven't gotten a Valentine's Day gift yet, you're not alone.
Stores were filled Tuesday with shoppers looking for presents.
“I just took 10 minutes off of work so I could come and grab something for her — a little $5 stuffed animal,” one shopper told CBS2's Emily Smith.
Then there's the last minute flower grab.
“You've got the people that sort of just realized this morning as the flowers start to arrive in the offices that they have forgotten Valentine's Day,” florist Gerald Palumbo said. He said his shop will be open until 9 p.m. and will be busy until the last minute.
Thomas Farley, also known as Mister Manners, says it's still worth making the effort, but cautioned shoppers to avoid pitfalls.
“A gift card would be, a pre-written card where you just sign your name, wilty flowers that you grabbed at the bodega, a cheap bottle of wine,” he said to name a few.
The National Retail Federation said Americans will spend far less this Valentine's Day, about a billion and half dollars less than last year.
The reason? Jewelry is out, and little chocolates, bears and bouquets are in style.
Taylor McCaulley told Smith she remembers the worst present she ever received.
“A mirror. I broke it, and now I thought I have seven years of bad luck,” she said.
Mister Manners says it's OK for couples not to give each other gifts, so long as it's sincerely agreed upon by both partners.
“I don't want to speak for all men, but I think the vast majority of men probably would be fine if Valentine's Day just went away,” he said.
His final piece of advice? He says the key lies in gratitude.
Arsene Wenger: Giroud gems a work of art, says Arsenal boss
Giroud's mid-air back-flicked volley gave Arsenal the lead at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday and set them on course for a 2-0 victory.
Arsene Wenger hailed Olivier Giroud‘s stunning strike against Crystal Palace as a work of art and one of the top five Arsenal goals in his 20-year reign.
Giroud's mid-air back-flicked volley gave Arsenal the lead at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday and set them on course for a 2-0 victory.
The France forward's sumptuous scorpion-kick goal will undoubtedly rate as one of the goals of the season, but Wenger went one step farther by placing it in the most hallowed of company.
When Arsenal fans talk about the best goals to grace their club's illustrious history, their thoughts turn to some of the highlights of the Wenger era — Dennis Bergkamp‘s majestic strikes against Leicester and Newcastle, Nwankwo Kanu‘s outstanding effort against Chelsea and numerous gems from Thierry Henry.
Wenger believes Giroud — who has been on the bench at times this season — deserves his place among those greats.
"He transformed that goal into art. It was art because of the surprise and the beauty of the moment," Wenger purred.
"Every striker is remembered for one or two or three special goals, and that will certainly remain with him forever.
"He brings the unexpected and we all come to football for the unexpected. People come to see these goals.
"I've been spoiled in my career with many great goals and many great strikers.
"Bergkamp and Henry scored special goals, but this one is certainly in the top five."
Giroud admitted his goal carried a large dose of good fortune and Wenger agreed that it wasn't something that could ever be practised on the training ground.
"It was exceptional," said Wenger. "Also because it was at the end of a fantastic collective movement.
"After that it is just a reflex, but a goalscorer is ready to take a goal with any part of his body, with his toe or any other part."
‘Must hang on'
Giroud has endured a difficult season for Arsenal at times.
After being left on the bench for much of the first half of the campaign, the 30-year-old has been restored to the starting line-up for Arsenal's last two matches and has responded with a late winner against West Bromwich Albion and now a goal for the ages.
"Maybe it is not enough acknowledged that Olivier scores important goals," Wenger said.
"He scored against Man United with an important header, he scored a late winner against West Brom."
Giroud's heroics gave Arsenal a welcome lift at the start of 2017 as they look to bridge the nine-point gap to Premier League leaders Chelsea.
"We were on a good run and then had two bad results (before Christmas). It looks that we have got that out of our system now," Wenger said.
"Chelsea wins every single game at the moment and we have just to hang on, you have to hope the results turn in our favour."
Palace boss Sam Allardyce, without a win in his two matches since replacing Alan Pardew, is upset by a fixture list that gives his players little time to recover before their crucial clash with fellow strugglers Swansea on Tuesday.
"Swansea played on Saturday so they've got 24 hours on us. It's unfair," he said.
"The players haven't got enough time to recover. I don't know who does the fixtures but they should be sacked."
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former Union Minister and senior Congress party leader Salman Khurshid on Tuesday defended his Congress has ‘blood on its hands' statement said that he made it as a human being. “I made the statement as a human being. Salman Khurshid had made these comments while responding a question asked by a former AMU student.
Former Union Minister and senior Congress party leader Salman Khurshid on Tuesday defended his Congress has ‘blood on its hands' statement said that he made it as a human being. “I made the statement as a human being. If there is responsibility on any one of us, whether historical, political, social or philosophical, we must answer; and we continue to do this. Have you ever known me to withdraw a statement? I'd continue to say what I.” Salman Khurshid had made these comments while responding a question asked by a former AMU student.
Salman Khurshid had said, “Congress has blood on its hands and that people should learn from that mistake. I'm a part of the Congress so let me accept that we have blood on our hands. “I'm telling you this, we're ready to show the blood on our hands so that you understand that you must not get blood on your hands. If you attack them, you are the ones who would get stains on your hands. Learn something from our history and don't create such a situation … so that when you come back to AMU after 10 years no one will ask you this question.”
Also Read: Scheduled Castes a British invention, Ambedkar believed in Hindu unity: RSS leader
The senior Congress leader was responding to a question asked by former AMU student about the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and the riots following the Babri Masjid demolition in 1992 and Khurshid's comment that Congress has blood on its hands came in response to these questions. However, after his comments, the Congress party has distanced itself from Salman Khurshid.
Meanwhile, giving reaction after these controversial statements, Congress party leader and Rajya Sabha member PL Punia said, “Congress disagrees with the statement of Salman Khurshid in toto. Everyone must know that both prior and post-Independence Congress is the only party which has worked towards building an egalitarian society by carrying all sections of people together as also religious and ethnic minorities.”
Also Read: After 27 years, AFSPA lifted from Meghalaya, scaled down in many parts of Arunachal Pradesh
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia — First, it was his hand. Then, his teeth. Luis Suarez's feet and football ability are yet to take centre stage for Uruguay at a World Cup.
Maybe this time, now that his head is right.
Like Barcelona teammate and close friend Lionel Messi, Suarez could be playing for his World Cup legacy in Russia. At best he has three games left, starting with Friday's quarterfinal against France.
Messi's failures at the World Cup have been well documented. Suarez's experiences have been far rawer.
At both his previous tournaments, the Uruguay striker hasn't just left disappointed, he's left in disgrace, labeled a cheat in one and the world's dirtiest player in the other.
“You mature, you learn things and you live in the present,” Suarez said at Uruguay's team base in Russia in the buildup to the France game.
In South Africa in 2010, Suarez's defining act was to block a goal-bound header from Ghana with his hand in the dying seconds of extra time in their quarterfinal. Suarez was sent off for the intentional handball but Ghana missed the resulting penalty.
Suarez's clear cheating and wild celebrations on the side of the field incensed a continent as it helped Uruguay reach the semifinals at the expense of Africa's last hope.
Four years ago in Brazil, there was an even more shocking exit: Suarez bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini in a group game — leaving visible teeth marks in Chiellini's left shoulder — and FIFA banned him for nine matches and four months, ending his tournament. It was the third time Suarez had been banned for biting an opponent.
Suarez, now 31, is back for another go at the World Cup, maybe his last.
At Uruguay's base he appeared unaffected by his ignominious history at the tournament, answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort. There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything, either.
Suarez has taken steps to address his on-field behaviour for Uruguay, he said, with the help of Oscar Tabarez, the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez's entire international career.
“Tabarez helps a lot. He's one of the best coaches in the world because of his personality, the way he helps players,” Suarez said. “Personally, he has helped me a lot. Before games, he always talks to me about what goes on in my head. That's important to me. That talk I have with him is important.”
For over a decade, Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad, putting emphasis on humility, work ethic and respect for others.
That has manifested itself at the team's World Cup base in Russia, a sports centre on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury.
From the camp, stories emerge of Uruguay's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals, wash their own boots, carry training equipment to and from the field, and, in a nod to plain good manners, start press conferences by greeting journalists with a “good morning” or “good afternoon.”
Suarez also spoke about the “serenity” Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself, once the troublemaker, as now a veteran and a role model.
“Now I'm one of the oldest, an example … the younger ones look up to us,” Suarez said. “You get nervous (in games), but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm. You have to set a good example to the younger ones. You have learned how to handle these situations.”
——
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
April 29: Actor Keith Baxter is 85. Bluesman Otis Rush is 83. Singer Bob Miranda of The Happenings is 76. Country singer Duane Allen of The Oak Ridge Boys is 75. Singer Tommy James is 71. Bassist Wayne Secrest of Confederate Railroad is 68. Comedian Jerry Seinfeld is 64. Actress Leslie Jordan (“The Help,” “Will and Grace”) is 63. Actress Kate Mulgrew (“Orange Is The New Black,” “Star Trek: Voyager”) is 63. Actor Daniel Day-Lewis is 61. Actress Michelle Pfeiffer is 60. Actress Eve Plumb (“The Brady Bunch”) is 60. Country singer Stephanie Bentley is 55. Singer Carnie Wilson of Wilson Phillips is 50. Actor Paul Adelstein (“Private Practice”) is 49. Actress Uma Thurman is 48. Rapper Master P is 48. Actress Darby Stanchfield (“Scandal”) is 47. Country singer James Bonamy is 46. Singer Erica Campbell of Mary Mary is 46. Bassist Mike Hogan of The Cranberries is 45. Actress Megan Boone (“The Blacklist”) is 35. Actor Zane Carney (“Dave's World”) is 33. Singer Amy Heidemann of Karmin is 32. Singer Foxes is 29.
April 30: Actress Cloris Leachman is 92. Singer Willie Nelson is 85. Actor Burt Young is 78. Actor Perry King (“Riptide”) is 70. Singer-guitarist Wayne Kramer of the MC5 is 70. Singer Merril Osmond of The Osmonds is 65. Director Jane Campion is 64. Bassist Robert Reynolds of The Mavericks is 56. Actor Adrian Pasdar (“Heroes”) is 53. Singer J.R. Richards of Dishwalla is 51. Rapper Turbo B of Snap is 51. Guitarist Clark Vogeler of The Toadies is 49. Singer Chris “Choc” Dalyrimple of Soul for Real is 47. Guitarist Chris Henderson of 3 Doors Down is 47. Country singer Carolyn Dawn Johnson is 47. Actress Lisa Dean Ryan (“Doogie Howser, M.D.”) is 46. Singer Akon is 45. Singer Jeff Timmons of 98 Degrees is 45. Actor Johnny Galecki (“The Big Bang Theory,” “Roseanne”) is 43. Actor Sam Heughan (“Outlander”) is 38. Actor Kunal Nayyar (“The Big Bang Theory”) is 37. Rapper Lloyd Banks is 36. Actress Kirsten Dunst is 36. Country singer Tyler Wilkinson of The Wilkinsons is 34. Actress Dianna Agron (“Glee”) is 32. Singer Brandon Lancaster of LANCO is 29.
May 1: Singer Judy Collins is 79. Singer Rita Coolidge is 73. Singer-bassist Nick Fortuna of The Buckinghams is 72. Actor Dann Florek (“Law and Order: SVU”) is 67. Singer-songwriter Ray Parker Jr. is 64. Actor Byron Stewart is 62. Actress Maia Morgenstern (“The Passion of the Christ”) is 56. Actor Scott Coffey (“Mulholland Drive,” “The Outsiders”) is 54. Country singer Wayne Hancock is 53. Actor Charlie Schlatter (“Diagnosis Murder”) is 52. Country singer Tim McGraw is 51. Bassist D'Arcy Wretzky (Smashing Pumpkins) is 50. Director Wes Anderson is 49. Actress Julie Benz (“No Ordinary Family”) is 46. Singer Tina Campbell of Mary Mary is 44. Actor Darius McCrary (“Family Matters”) is 42. Actor Jamie Dornan (“Fifty Shades of Grey”) is 36. Actress Kerry Bishe (“Argo”) is 34.
May 2: Singer Englebert Humperdinck is 82. Country singer R.C. Bannon is 73. Country singer Larry Gatlin is 70. Singer Lou Gramm of Foreigner is 68. Actress Christine Baranski is 66. Singer Angela Bofill is 64. Actor Brian Tochi (“Revenge of the Nerds,” “Police Academy”) is 59. Actress Elizabeth Berridge (“The John Larroquette Show”) is 56. Country singer Ty Herndon is 56. TV commentator Mika Brzezinski is 51. Wrestler-actor Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) is 46. Singer Jeff Gutt of Stone Temple Pilots is 42. Actress Jenna Von Oy (“Blossom”) is 41. Actress Ellie Kemper (“Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,” “The Office”) is 38. Actor Robert Buckley (“One Tree Hill”) is 37. Actor Gaius Charles (“Grey's Anatomy”) is 35. Singer Lily Allen is 33. Guitarist Jim Almgren of Carolina Liar is 32. Actress Kay Panabaker (“No Ordinary Family,” “Summerland”) is 28.
May 3: Actor Alex Cord (“Airwolf”) is 85. Singer Frankie Valli is 84. Sports announcer Greg Gumbel is 72. Singer Mary Hopkin is 68. Singer Christopher Cross is 67. Drummer Cactus Moser (Highway 101) is 61. Keyboardist David Ball of Soft Cell is 59. Country singer Shane Minor is 50. Actress Amy Ryan (“Bridge of Spies,” “The Office”) is 50. Actor Bobby Cannavale (“Boardwalk Empire,” “Nurse Jackie”) is 48. Music producer-actor Damon Dash is 47. Bassist John Driskell Hopkins of Zac Brown Band is 47. Country singer Brad Martin is 45. TV personality Willie Geist (“Today”) is 43. Actress Christina Hendricks (“Mad Men”) is 43. Actor Dule Hill (“Psych,” “The West Wing”) is 43. Country singer Eric Church is 41. Actress Tanya Wright (“Orange Is The New Black”) is 40. Dancer Cheryl Burke (“Dancing With the Stars”) is 34. Singer Michael Kiwanuka is 31. Rapper Desiigner is 21.
May 4: Jazz bassist Ron Carter is 81. Surf guitarist Dick Dale is 81. Singer Peggy Santiglia Davison of The Angels is 74. Actor Richard Jenkins (“The Shape of Water”) is 71. Country singer Stella Parton is 69. Singer Jackie Jackson of The Jacksons is 67. Singer-actress Pia Zadora is 66. Singer Oleta Adams is 65. Country singer Randy Travis is 59. Actress Mary McDonough (“The Waltons”) is 57. Comedian Ana Gasteyer (“Saturday Night Live”) is 51. Actor Will Arnett (“Arrested Development,” “Blades of Glory”) is 48. Bassist Mike Dirnt of Green Day is 46. TV personality Kimora Lee Simmons is 43. Singer Lance Bass (‘N Sync) is 39. Actress Ruth Negga (“Loving”) is 37. Rapper Jidenna is 33. Actor Alexander Gould (“Weeds”) is 24. Country singer RaeLynn is 24. Actress Amara Miller (“The Descendants”) is 18.
May 5: Actress Pat Carroll is 91. Actor Michael Murphy is 80. Actor Lance Henriksen (“Millennium,” “Aliens”) is 78. Comedian-actor Michael Palin (Monty Python) is 75. Former MTV News correspondent Kurt Loder is 73. Drummer Bill Ward of Black Sabbath is 70. Actress Lisa Eilbacher (“An Officer and a Gentleman,” “Beverly Hills Cop”) is 61. Singer Ian McCulloch of Echo and the Bunnymen is 59. Newsman Brian Williams is 59. Actress Tina Yothers (“Family Ties”) is 45. Singer Raheem DeVaughn is 43. Actor Vincent Kartheiser (“Mad Men”) is 39. Singer Craig David is 37. Actress Danielle Fishel (“Boy Meets World”) is 37. Actor Henry Cavill (“Man of Steel,” “The Tudors”) is 35. Singer Adele is 30. Singer Chris Brown is 29.
NEWARK, N.J. — A detention hearing for rapper Juelz Santana has been postponed until authorities decide who will prosecute the drug and gun charges he faces following an incident at Newark Liberty International Airport.
A judge was due to decide Monday whether Santana would remain jailed until his trial. Officials say that hearing will likely now occur sometime this week.
Santana pleaded not guilty to state charges last week. He also faces federal charges in the same incident
Authorities say security personnel found a loaded .38-calibre handgun and oxycodone pills he didn't have a prescription for in a carry-on bag containing his identification.
They say he fled the area, leaving two bags behind. He turned himself in three days later.
The 36-year-old New York City-born rapper lives in Totowa, New Jersey. His real name is LaRon James.
OTTAWA — An Opposition motion being debated in the House of Commons today calls on the government to act to stop the influx of illegal border crossers entering Canada from the U.S.
Conservative immigration critic Michelle Rempel and public safety critic Pierre Paul-Hus say they believe the government is simply throwing money at the problem of irregular migration that has been ramping up again this year, notably in Quebec.
Concerns were raised last week by the Quebec government over the mounting pressures caused by the tens of thousands of asylum seekers pouring into that province over the last year.
Some officials are projecting a further 400 people a day could cross into Quebec through forest paths this summer to claim asylum in Canada — a situation Rempel says will only exacerbate ongoing backlogs in the processing of refugee claims.
The government has said it is working to ease pressures caused by the surge in asylum claims, including dedicating $74 million this year to help reduce backlogs at the Immigration and Refugee Board.
But Rempel says she is concerned the public's support for immigration and newcomers could turn if nothing is done to stop illegal border crossings.
6x47 Lapua For Sale
-Trued Remington 700 SA
-After Market trigger
-20 inch Krieger 13.5 twist Bruno LV taper. Spiral fluted threaded and capped
-XLR Carbon Chassis with 5 round AI Mag
Comes with close to 200 pieces of brass, Forster reloading dies, and set of NF Ultra light 30mm rings on top of Warne pic rail.
Everything for $2,800 obo
i have shot 55 grainers to 70 grainers and they will all shoot 1/4 MOA.
(307) 851-1957
Specs on this rifle are:-Trued Remington 700 SA-After Market trigger-20 inch Krieger 13.5 twist Bruno LV taper. Spiral fluted threaded and capped-XLR Carbon Chassis with 5 round AI MagComes with close to 200 pieces of brass, Forster reloading dies, and set of NF Ultra light 30mm rings on top of Warne pic rail.Everything for $2,800 oboi have shot 55 grainers to 70 grainers and they will all shoot 1/4 MOA.(307) 851-1957
The programs serve thousands in secondary schools, and millions of students in more than 1,600 two-year colleges. They encompass a broad range of trades, like health science, information technology and business management, and in many cases, are an off-ramp to four-year colleges and universities. The group also noted that career and technical education students tend to have lower dropout rates and are more likely to graduate on time.
“High-quality C.T.E. programs are thriving,” the organization said in a statement. “The biggest barrier to their continued success and the opportunity for more students to access their programs are funding cuts, including a proposed 15 percent cut in the president's own fiscal year 2018 budget to C.T.E. programs.”
Mr. Trump's speeches may have been more like a rhetorical appeal to the base that elected him, particularly blue-collar workers, than a policy proposal.
But the president's comments teetered on being “characteristically ignorant,” said Mike Rose, a research professor at the U.C.L.A. Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, and the author of “The Mind at Work: Valuing the Intelligence of the American Worker.”
“The danger is we tend to view these young people who are drawn to these programs in very deficient ways,” Mr. Rose said. “They value intellectual pursuits. They've watched industries die in their communities and know the danger of not being able to adapt to other kinds of work.”
Mr. Trump's emphasis on bolstering the role of education in work force development has been largely embraced by education leaders across the country, many of whom are looking to Congress to reauthorize some parts of the Higher Education Act to meet the job demands of the future. Already, through a House bill, members of Congress have made clear their goals to overhaul the law governing higher education to be more responsive to six million unfilled jobs.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Career Education Colleges and Universities praised Mr. Trump's mention of work force development and job training in his State of the Union address, as did Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
“America must do better to prepare our students for success in the 21st-century economy,” Ms. DeVos said in a statement after the president's speech. “I join the president in calling on Congress to act in the best interest of students and expand access to more education pathways.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But policy experts also said that Mr. Trump's suggestion that vocational education was the silver bullet to the country's work force deficit was misguided.
Michelle Asha Cooper, the president of the Institute for Higher Education Policy, noted that labor economists estimated that in 2020, of the millions of jobs created, two-thirds would require postsecondary degree.
“While bricklayers are an important part of our labor market, I think we have to recognize that vocational schools are not going to solve our work force needs alone,” Ms. Cooper said. “It's not a purposeful discussion to say vocational schools can do it all, because statistically, it cannot be done.”
Community colleges were also on the defensive after the president's remarks.
The role of community colleges was crystallized in 1947, when President Harry Truman ordered a Presidential Commission on Higher Education to re-examine the higher education landscape after veterans came home from World War II to find traditional colleges crowded.
“The name used does not matter, though ‘community college' seems to describe these schools best,” the commission wrote. “The important thing is that the services they perform be recognized and vastly extended.”
In the 1960s, Portland Community College answered that call, its president, Mark Mitsui, said.
The school covers 1,500 square miles and serves 76,000 students over four campuses. Students from high schools can enroll, but the average age of the student body is 29 because the school serves a range of functions, like allowing students to take a traditional college curriculum that affords them transfers to Ivy Leagues or offering basic skills and English-language courses.
Its graduates include the author Rebecca Skloot, who wrote the best-selling book “The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.”
“We respond to the needs of our community, and the community's needs are complex, so we want to be as comprehensive as possible,” Mr. Mitsui said. “I think our communities do know what we do and represent. There are a lot of bridges in Portland, and we are a bridge to opportunity.”
MILAN — Napoli is struggling without Lorenzo Insigne and was held to a goalless draw by Fiorentina in Serie A on Sunday.
Maurizio Sarri's team could have gone back top of the league but it remained second, a point behind Inter Milan and one above Juventus after those two sides drew 0-0 on Saturday.
All of the top four teams failed to score this weekend. Roma remained five points behind Inter as it was also held to a 0-0 draw, at Chievo Verona.
AC Milan got its first league win since Nov. 5 and its first under new coach Gennaro Gattuso as it beat Bologna 2-1.
Napoli knew a victory over Fiorentina would see it reclaim top spot but it was coming off the back of successive defeats to Juventus and Feyenoord, the latter of which saw it eliminated from the Champions League.
“Today I didn't see the same attacking problems we had in Rotterdam,” Sarri said. “We had a bit of a nervy first half but then we created chances … we just lacked the finishing touch but we'll get back to scoring.
“We looked good tonight and, if we had won 1-0, everyone would be talking about Napoli being back. We had a good tempo, we passed the ball quickly, moved well, we were better than in previous matches … I don't know if we'll have Insigne back for the next match, we're evaluating the situation day by day.”
Insigne limped out of the Juventus match with a groin injury and Napoli had been struggling for goals since.
Fiorentina had the best chances in the first half and should have scored five minutes from the break but Napoli goalkeeper Pepe Reina kept out Giovanni Simeone's effort after he had been sent clear by Cyril Thereau.
Napoli upped the pressure in the second half and Piotr Zielinski should have scored but he fired over the bar from close range.
Zielinski went even closer in the 55th but Fiorentina goalkeeper Marco Sportiello turned his effort onto the left post.
Napoli laid siege to Fiorentina's goal but could not find the strike that would have sent it back to the top of the table.
——
GOALKEEPER HEROICS
Roma was thwarted by the heroics of Chievo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino and some wayward finishing.
Sorrentino had a point to prove after allowing five goals against Inter Milan last week and he pulled off a number of brilliant saves.
The 38-year-old displayed remarkable reflexes midway through the first period to deny first Patrik Schick and then immediately parry Gerson's follow-up.
Sorrentino did even better eight minutes from time as Schick's effort took a huge deflection and the goalkeeper was already falling the other way, but stuck out his trailing foot to prevent a late winner.
“All the craziness that's inside me came out,” Sorrentino said. “My mother and her family are all huge Roma fans and she came from Turin to come and see the match. Today she was supporting me but she says that if you cut her she bleeds red and yellow (the Roma colours) and not just red.”
Roma was also denied on other opportunities while Edin Dzeko volleyed over from close range late on.
Chievo's best chance came early when Roberto Inglese hit the crossbar.
——
MILAN RECOVERY
Giacomo Bonaventura netted two goals to help Milan recover from last week's shock draw at Benevento.
Bologna was level with Milan on 21 points going into the match at San Siro but it was the Rossoneri who took the lead in the 10th minute when Nikola Kalinic headed down Ignazio Abate's ball for Bonaventura to fire home.
It was Milan's first league goal at home since Sept. 20.
Simone Verdi levelled 13 minutes later but Bonaventura doubled his tally with a header 14 minutes from time.
——
OTHER MATCHES
There was no repeat of last week's joy for Benevento as it lost 2-0 at Udinese.
Benevento had picked up its first-ever point in Serie A with a draw against Milan, but Antonin Barak and Kevin Lasagna scored in the first half to help Udinese move seven points away from the relegation zone.
Elsewhere, two goals in the final four minutes, including an equalizer from the penalty spot, saw Spal come back to draw against Hellas Verona 2-2 in a relegation fight.
Only one point separates the two sides in the bottom three.
Sassuolo forward Alessandro Matri had a late penalty saved but his team still beat Crotone 2-1.
——
More AP Serie A coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
What began as an effort to replace a crumbling, cramped train station on Buffalo's Exchange Street "has evolved into a Peace Bridge-like debate," said Jim Fink of Business First. During his monthly appearance on WBFO's Press Pass, Fink points out that Amtrak typically serves about 400 passengers each day in the Buffalo area. The location of a new station may have little effect on that number.
Jim Fink of Business First touches upon the train station debate, the arrival of Uber and development of the Central Park Plaza during his monthly appearance on WBFO's Press Pass.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Randy Caiquo
2017-10-06
Crowdfrica was named one of the best 100 startups in Ghana at the 2017 Startup Awards
Crowdfrica.org was nominated as the best national digital solution for Ghana for the international World Summit Awards, selecting digital innovation with impact on society.
With this nomination in the Category Inclusion & Empowerment Crodfrica.org qualifies for evaluation by the WSA Online Jury 2017 among 391 international nominations.
The World Summit Award once more showcases to the world a diameter of digital innovation, from Mexico to New Zealand, from Qatar to Germany.
The WSA nominees 2017 show the richness, diversity, future and innovation of digital solutions on a global scale and prove how digital technology can improve society on each corner of the world.
The story of Ghana and many African countries, individuals with serious medical conditions reach out to the general public using local media, newspapers, radio, and television to request for funds to help with their medical bills.
Although Ghana has a health insurance scheme that covers 95% disease conditions that afflict its citizens, some people are so poor that they cannot pay the minimal premium.
Crowdfrica.org is a web platform that enables anyone anywhere to donate to directly help people who need basic and essential or life-changing healthcare.
Through Crowdfrica, you can donate as low as $5 (GHS 20) to directly fund health insurance or life-saving surgery for someone in need.
The team combines on the ground outreach programmes to verify communities or people in need. They work with a range of local partners including Social Welfare, National Health Insurance Authority and community-based clinics to ensure that those in real need receive the support.
A WSA 2017 nominee will be evaluated based on seven fundamentals criteria: Content, Functionality, Design, Technology, Innovation, Impact and Global/UN value.
A WSA nominee is selected carefully by the WSA National Experts from more than 178 UN member states and it is highly competitive. The WSA National Experts nominate up to eight projects for each country?—?one for every WSA category.
A nomination to the WSA hence is already an award in itself. It is the qualification to compete and compare on an international level and being the best practice in Inclusion & Empowerment nationally.
Oman Air has unveiled a new first-class “mini-suite” on its fleet of Boeing 787s, as it responds to new premium products from other Gulf carriers such as Emirates Airline and Qatar Airways.
The Muscat-based carrier made the announcement at the opening of the Arabian Travel Market exhibition in Dubai April 22.
The development came as multiple media outlets in the region reported that acting CEO Abdulaziz al-Raisi has been confirmed in the top position.
Al-Raisi had undertaken the CEO role on an acting basis since the departure in October 2017 of CEO Paul Gregorowitsch.
The new first-class suite, like the new Emirates first-class cabin, has high partitions to provide additional privacy to premium customers, although initial photographs suggest the Omani suite's dividers are lower (55 in.) than the Emirates' arrangement.
The airline said the seat is one of the longest lie-flat accommodation options available on any commercial airliner.
Other suite features include:
an electronically controlled privacy divider;
a full-size bed length (with ottoman) of 76 in. to top of headrest, with a bed width of 30 in.;
a dedicated wardrobe and stowage for cabin baggage;
a one-piece large meal table and separate cocktail table;
a chilled in-suite minibar; and
a touch-screen IFE handset; 22-in. video monitor.
Oman Air is undergoing a fleet and network expansion program, which will see the airline operate up to 70 aircraft to around 60 destinations by 2022.
Until now, the carrier has heavily relied on government funding, which has ceased. According to Reuters, Al-Raisi, speaking at the Arabian Travel Market, said the carrier could potentially break even “in the next two to three years”—at least three years after the initial target date set by Gregorowitsch.
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
Congress Shooter Was Rude Loner Who CREEPED Out Women
The man who dared to shoot up a Republican congressional baseball practice on Wednesday turned up at a sports bar in Alexandria quite often where he ‘creeped out' the female bartenders while he drank all by himself, staring out a window.
James Hodgkinson, 66, succumbed to his wounds inflicted from gun shots on Wednesday hours after he started shooting at a group of Republican congressmen and their aides who were preparing to play a congressional baseball game in the Washington, D.C. suburb. Steve Scalise, the third-most senior House Republican, was one of the four who were injured.
Scalise is critically-ill after surgery on the hole that a bullet put in his hip while the other three maimed – two of them where the heroes from the Capitol Hill Police who took out Hodgkinson's before he could finish his shooting spree. Congressional staffer Zachary Barth and lobbyist Matt Mika were the last two that were injured, though they are expected to make a full recovery.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Hodgkinson was a steadfast Sanders supporter and campaigned for the socialist senator to get the Democratic nomination for the office of the President last year. His family said he was overwrought over Trump's November election win and discovered that he had been living in Alexandria right out of his van, and taking his clothes on a Gym to use the showers.
He was a union tradesman with a home inspection business, and had left his wife at home to move to Alexandria had threatened to ‘destroy' the Trump and his administration…and yet, once again, the Secret Service didn't catch that.
The ‘Bernie bro' was a regular at Pork Barrel BBQ, a local bar near the baseball field. He would often be seen stopping in during happy hour and just sit and stare.
Jamie Craig, a bartender at the restaurant:
‘He definitely creeped out all our female bartenders. I tried to shy away from him… just a feeling, he gave me a weird, odd vibe.'
General News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: kasapafmonline.com
2017-08-15
play videoThe central bank attributed its actions to the severe impairment of the capital of the two banks
The Bank of Ghana has served notice that it will thorough investigate operations of UT Bank and Capital Bank and take appropriate action against shareholders, Directors, and key Management personnel who are found to be culpable for the undercapitalization of the two banks.
On Monday, the Bank of Ghana announced the complete takeover of UT Bank Limited and Capital Bank Limited by the GCB Bank Limited after revoking the licences of the two commercial banks.
The central bank attributed its actions to the severe impairment of the capital of the two banks, adding that it approved a Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction involving the banks to protect depositors' funds and strengthen Ghana's financial sector.
Addressing a press conference in Accra, the Governor of the Bank of Ghana, Dr Ernest Addison emphasized that no depositor will lose his or her funds and all depositors can continue to do normal banking business with GCB Bank.
He said under the Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction, GCB Bank will acquire all deposits and some selected assets of UT Bank and Capital Bank. The premises of UT Bank and Capital Bank, Dr Addison added will now be rebranded as branches of GCB Bank with all customers continuing normal banking business at these branches.
“UT Bank and Capital Bank were heavily deficient in capital and liquidity and their continuous operation could have jeopardized not only their depositors' funds but also posed a threat to the stability of the financial system. It, therefore, became necessary for the Bank of Ghana to revoke their licenses and approve a Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction to allow GCB Bank, a large bank with the right balance sheet, to take over all deposits and selected assets of UT Bank and Capital Bank.”
Abidal unveiled as Barcelona ambassador
Former France and Barcelona defender Eric Abidal, who returned to top-flight football despite a liver transplant, was on Wednesday named as an ambassador for the Catalan club.
Barça said they had reached an agreement with the 37-year-old “to be an ambassador and representative of the club at different events in the next few years”.
He will also now form “a permanent part of the globetrotting (Barcelona) veterans team, as well as collaborating with institutional events in liaison with the Social Area and assisting with activities related with the FCBEscola soccer schools”.
Abidal spent six years as a player with Barcelona, making 193 official appearances and winning 15 major trophies, including four Ligas and two Champions Leagues. He left in 2013 after recovering from his transplant but was not offered a new contract.
Abidal was first diagnosed with a liver tumour in March 2011 but remarkably he played the whole of the Champions League final against Manchester United two months later which Barça won 3-1.
A year later he underwent the transplant.
Capped 67 times by France, he played in all bar one of the games in the 2006 World Cup where the French reached the final only to lose in a penalty shoot-out to Italy.
He announced his retirement in December 2014.
The post Abidal unveiled as Barcelona ambassador appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EFFC Chair: Uncertainty over Magu
There are pockets of uncertainty whether Ibrahim Magu still holds sway as acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission, EFCC, recent reports indicate. But the EFCC and the Presidency has denied the reports. However online reports monitored yesterday, point out that President Muhammadu Buhari has sacked Ibrahim Magu as head of the anti-graft […]
The post EFFC Chair: Uncertainty over Magu appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JERUSALEM (AP) — The Trump Administration appears to be easing away from longstanding U.S. support for Palestinian statehood as the preferred outcome of Middle East peace efforts, which may please some allies of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel. But the alternatives are few, and each comes with daunting and combustible complications, including for Israel itself.
The idea of two states in the Holy Land — a Jewish Israel and an Arab Palestine — rests on a particular logic: There are two quite different peoples of roughly equal size living between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River; each wants their own nation-state to control and dominate numerically; each has shown tenacity toward this goal.
This would require Israel to let go of most and maybe all of the territory it captured in the 1967 war, when it completed its takeover of all the land that British colonizers abandoned in 1948. That includes the West Bank, where there are now islands of Palestinian autonomy, scattered Jewish settlements and overriding Israeli military control; the eastern part of Jerusalem, which Israel has fully annexed and populated with Jews; and the coastal Gaza Strip, which was actually evacuated in 2005 and is now blockaded and controlled by the Islamic militants of Hamas.
Over the years many and probably most Israelis have come around to the idea of a partition largely because they want to be considered a democracy and do not want all the Palestinian future citizens that would come along with the territory. For almost two decades, U.S. policy has been to advocate a two-state solution.
But over two decades of peace talks have failed to produce agreement on the details, and many on both sides consider it impossible without a major change in circumstances — massive global pressure on Israel, more upheaval in the Arab neighborhoods, perhaps tectonic shifts in the prevailing world order.
Ahead of Wednesday's White House meeting between President Donald Trump and Netanyahu, a senior U.S. official suggested a two-state solution was optional, bringing condemnation from Palestinian officials. But many of them have for years been quietly preparing for an alternative strategy of a single bi-national state in the Holy Land.
Here's a look at that option, and other scenarios that might arise:
ONE STATE
For years this was the goal of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and for many Palestinians it is indeed the preferred option: a single democratic state, not defined as specifically Jewish or Arab, in the area of British colonial Palestine. Many prefer it anyway to the two-state notion whereby even if Israel gives up all the land it captured in 1967 it retains almost 80% of Palestine.
The problem is that almost no one in Israel is arguing for the true extension of full rights to Palestinians in the currently occupied territories because even with Gaza excluded it would leave Arabs constituting close to half the country's population — and that is clearly the end of the Zionist dream of a Jewish state. This is why Israel has never annexed the West Bank and why the more sophisticated nationalists profess to support a partition, albeit on terms the Palestinians have not accepted and are not likely to.
If the Palestinians formally drop the two-state strategy and demand incorporation into Israel it will put Israel in the awkward position of refusing to annex territories where it has been settling Jews for decades. Down this path lie coercion efforts in the form of international sanctions on Israel, or Palestinian violence.
INTERIM AGREEMENT
Many Israelis have concluded that a final peace agreement with the Palestinians is simply not possible because the Palestinians are asking for the moon as a result of a feeling that they hold the demographic cards. It is not just about territory: the Palestinians still in theory demand a "right of return" to Israel proper for millions of descendants of Palestinian refugees living around the region and the world, which the vast majority of Jewish Israelis reject.
But perhaps a partial deal is possible whereby the Palestinians would not have to forego future claims but for now get their state on, say, 80% of the West Bank, with some sort of preferred access of new regime in the Old City of Jerusalem? Even the current nationalist Netanyahu government would probably accept such a thing, but the Palestinians have ruled it out, fearing the temporary would become permanent. To get them to agree would require massive global and Arab world pressure, and risks huge internal conflict among the Palestinians.
JORDANIAN OPTION
Jordan took over the West Bank and east Jerusalem during the 1948-1949 Arab-Israel war that followed the British pullout, lost the areas to Israel in 1967 and then gave up all claims to them in favor of the Palestinians in the 1980s. But Jordan is a country with a majority Palestinian-descended population, and some Israelis still think that it can play a role in satisfying Palestinian national aspirations and resuming control over only a part of the West Bank.
But this would probably require a collapse of Hashemite rule, founded on Jordan's Bedouin population, and as such is anathema to the Jordanian monarchy, which is beloved by many israelis for making peace with them in 1994. Adding to the awkwardness, the Palestinians reject it altogether as well.
PARTIAL UNILATERAL PULLOUT
Under these vexing circumstances many Israelis conclude no peace is possible, but they still want to be rid of the Palestinian population of the West Bank. In the mid-2000s the government of Ehud Olmert planned a unilateral pullout from most of the territory, to follow the 2005 withdrawal from Gaza. But those plans were upended when Gaza was taken over by Hamas militants and became a launching pad for rocket attacks on Israel, leading to several mini-wars.
Few want to see that scenario repeated with the West Bank, which is much larger and closer to Israel's main cities. Now talk grows of a pullout of settlers from some areas, to create a more convincing reality of partition, while the military stays for now, pending some future arrangement. NATO? A global or Arab peacekeeping force? Perpetual Israeli control? No one can say.
STATUS QUO
When the best that can be hoped for is the least bad solution, the status quo looks attractive to some. But Israel is constantly changing the landscape by adding settlers — already there are some 350,000 Israelis in the West Bank and a quarter million in East Jerusalem. And the Palestinians do not have a history of acquiescing for long: There were multi-year uprisings in the late 1980s and early 2000s and a spate of violence in late 2015 and early 2016. Down this path lies the very strong likelihood of more.
___
Dan Perry is AP's Middle East editor leading text coverage in the region.
Acid attack victim Ross Barton's life hangs in the balance in next week's Emmerdale when he attempts to take his own life. Pete finds him in the woods after a booze and pills binge – but is he too late to save his brother?
Advertisement
Since the violent attack with a corrosive substance that left him with extreme facial scarring, traumatised Ross has become a shell of his former cocky self as he struggles to adapt to his altered physical appearance and endure the pain of his scars, as well the fear of the incident itself.
When he hears the attack suspect is pleading not guilty, the anxious mechanic is tipped over the edge. “Ross is constantly living in fear and this throws a lot of things into question,” reveals Michael Parr, who plays the beleaguered Barton brother. “Have they got the right guy? If he gets off there's more of a chance of him still being out there.”
Well-meaning Pete encourages his sibling to step outside and face the world and gets him to agree to a trip to the Woolpack, but it takes much convincing. “Ross has found it difficult to leave the house, never mind go to a public place where he feels everyone is looking at him,” continues Parr. “He meets these girls and thinks they're interested, but they tease him and it makes things even worse.
“Ross knew it was a bad idea and it knocks his confidence, which was very low in the first place.”
The day after the disastrous excursion to the Woolie, Pete panics when he realises Ross has gone missing. Fearing he may have done something drastic considering his unstable state of mind, he sets off to find him – but where is he?
“Ross goes to a place he used to visit with his dad and his brothers to reminisce about a time when he was happier,” sighs Parr. “So much has happened, not just the scarring but also he lost his dad, mum and brother in a short space of time. He's in constant agony and is reliant on pills and starting to drink to numb the physical and emotional pain.
“He also develops an infection on his wounds which gets into his bloodstream, causing even more problems.”
Pete eventually tracks down Ross's abandoned car and finds an empty whisky bottle and a pack of painkillers, then spots his brother nearby rapidly losing consciousness. “Ross has been spiralling out of control and by now he is practically suicidal and definitely in self-destruct mode,” says Parr. “The old Ross is gone and it's all about discovering what is left of him. He's got to keep soldiering on, he's still a dad to Moses and has that animal instinct to look after his dependent.”
As Pete cradles his broken brother, viewers will have to wait to discover Ross's fate and the long-term effects of the acid attack on the character, and Parr admits the demanding storyline has been more challenging than he imagined.
“It's been incredibly difficult and new territory for me. At times I've not felt very confident in my performance because I don't want to make any mistakes and get somebody's real story wrong. I've done lots of research and I hope I'm portraying this as truthfully as I can.
“As an actor playing this role you can escape that mindset, but for a real victim it is constantly there. The pain and reminders never go away for these poor people.”
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Emmerdale page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Atlantis Casino Resort Spa has been recognized as Reno's top hotel by U.S. News & World Report in its annual Best Hotel Rankings program. Additionally, Atlantis' Concierge Tower has earned the award program's second highest mark, just behind the Atlantis property as a whole.
According to U.S. News & World Report, the seventh annual Best Hotels rankings evaluate more than 3,000 luxury properties across the United States, the Caribbean, Canada and Mexico. The methodology accounts for both expert and guest sentiment; in addition to industry accolades a hotel receives.
5 useful tips for introverted entrepreneurs
Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffett and many of the world's most successful entrepreneurs either are or have admitted that they are, to a large extent, introverts. It is possible for introverts to become great entrepreneurs. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency, shares 5 useful tips for introverted entrepreneurs.
Have a Recharge Time
Introverts need time to themselves, time away from social interactions and activities, if not they will eventually run out of energy, lose their composure and stop being productive. Many introverts understand this aspect of their personality, and to become a successful entrepreneur it's important they find time away from it all to be by themselves (or around those they are comfortable with) and just recharge. This can be as simple as taking a 10 to 15 minutes break to yourself during the day, or taking a long weekend to yourself in the long term.
Intentionally Build Relationships
Building relationships isn't very easy for introverts. It's easier for them to be the object of relationship building as opposed to them actually being the ones to initiate the process. Unfortunately, you cannot be a successful entrepreneur if you are unable to build good relationships. In this case, your passion for entrepreneurship will have to win and take precedence over your discomfort with building relationships. Being intentional with building relationships (that is, not being emotional about the whole thing) and making yourself reach out to those around you is an easier way to build necessary relationships.
Use Your Strengths Well
Social interactions might be the one major weakness of introverts, but they also have great strengths that are vital to entrepreneurial success. Introverts have great listening skills. In a world where most people speak before they think, introverts naturally do the opposite and listen first before they speak. It is thus easier for them to get needed information to make smart decisions and enhance everything about their business, from sales to marketing. The listening skill is a very valuable tool for successful entrepreneurs.
Learn to Live Outside of Your Comfort Zone
To be a successful introverted entrepreneur, you'll ultimately learn how to live outside of your comfort zone. This is because virtually every day you will encounter situations and scenarios that will take you out of your comfort zone. But if you're really passionate about entrepreneurship, you'll have to make that conscious decision daily to let passion win over comfort.
Delegate or Outsource Tasks You Can't Handle
In the end, you're an entrepreneur not a dare devil. You can't keep living out of your comfort zone, which is why you need time to recharge in the first place. However, you have to be wise and be able to determine the tasks that are just not necessary for you to handle and outsource or delegate these tasks to an individual or group that can handle it better. Have some extroverts around that can handle certain aspects of your business easier than you would, while you can take on the more crucial aspects. You're an entrepreneur, not a one-man army, and like Bill Gates admitted, a business can't be managed and operate by an entire group of introverts, some extroverted influence is involved.
The post 5 useful tips for introverted entrepreneurs appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
If these budding rivals meet again this year, it will be in October.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning his sixth consecutive decision. The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for his first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for his 12th save in 13 chances. Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped his third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three post-season starts.
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and centre fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel. Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
Severino retired his first 11 batters, striking out seven of his first nine, before AL MVP Jose Altuve bounced a single through a wide-open right side.
New York (35-17), which has won 17 of its last 21 at home, matched a season high at 18 games above .500. The Yankees are 14-4 against left-handed starters and have won 10 of their past 11 completed series.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: Slumping SS Carlos Correa was back in the lineup after a night off, and Springer took his turn receiving a rest. Springer struck out as a pinch hitter with two on to end the seventh and stayed in the game to play centre field. … OF Derek Fisher (gastrointestinal discomfort) had a scheduled day off on his rehab assignment at Triple-A Fresno, manager AJ Hinch said. … The team was awaiting an update on McCann (sore right knee) after he was examined by doctors in Houston.
Yankees: RHP Adam Warren, on the DL since April 21 with a back strain, threw 41 pitches over three scoreless innings in a rehab start for Double-A Trenton. He allowed one hit and struck out three. … 1B Greg Bird was rested, leaving Gregorius as the only left-handed batter in the starting lineup against Keuchel.
UP NEXT
Astros: Return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. RHP Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series Thursday night against LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
Yankees: An 11-game road trip that takes them to four cities, although they finish up in New York against the crosstown rival Mets at Citi Field. RHP Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98 ERA) tries to rebound from his latest disappointing start Thursday night in Baltimore. RHP Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07 ERA) goes for the last-place Orioles.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Foursquare might not be as big as it was in its heyday, but it has a clever strategy for remaining important: it's making itself indispensable to the apps you use every day. On top of its recent Tinder Places deal, it's becoming the main point-of-interest provider for Mapbox, whose location info powers apps like Snapchat, Instacart and Lonely Planet. Even if you've never touched Foursquare or Swarm, you'll likely be using some of their data when you swing by a restaurant or hotel.
ASUP warns lecturers against diversion of education fund
Some lecturers in the polytechnics are of the habit of diverting the intervention from TETFUND, ASUP said.
The post ASUP warns lecturers against diversion of education fund appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, audibly choked up during Wednesday's press briefing as she answered a student's question about school shootings.
The student, who is a several White House reporters identified as Benje Choucroun, 13, was at the White House covering a children's fitness event, but was called on as he sat among the White House press corps. He said his school recently had a lockdown drill.
Reading from a sheet of paper, he said that one thing that affected students' mental health was “the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school.”
“Specifically,” the boy asked, “can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?”
Rihanna's diamond Gucci bodysuit was one of the most eye-catching look at the Coachella music festival this weekend.
Despite the annual event being held in the desert, in Indio, California, Rihanna ignored the searing temperatures to sport a glittering silver mesh top and matching leggings. She wore the pieces under a Gucci Print & Common Sense by Coco Capitan tank top and denim hot pants, also by Gucci and first seen on the catwalk in February, with the total look costing a staggering $8,480.
She completed the outfit with some black creepers and studded sunglasses, with her black hair left simple in a sleek bob. Sharing a snap of her ensemble on Instagram, the 29-year-old singer wrote: “I can't go home yet, cuz enough people ain't seen my outfit.”
Another picture posted on the site later showed Rihanna going all out in the ensemble by also sporting a matching crystal embellished face mask.
The Umbrella hitmaker wasn't the only famous face flaunting her wealth at the festival though. Katy Perry also courted attention in her Thai Nguyen Atelier spring 2017 sequin dress, which she wore over a matching bandeau bra top and hot pants, with the look totalling $1,800. According to a source at the event, Katy was in good spirits as she enjoyed the music and mingled with pals, following her recent split from boyfriend Orlando Bloom.
Among the models making an appearance at the festival was Alessandra Ambrosio, who chose to sport a customised biker jacket from The Mighty Company, costing $1,500 and a Bulgari bag, which retails at $2,350. It was something of a family affair for 36-year-old Alessandra, as her daughter Anja, eight, took to the stage on Sunday to perform with Venezuelan American singer-songwriter Devendra Banhart, alongside her father Jamie Mazur on guitar.
Neon lights , festival sights , perfect desert nights ✌️🌠🌄🎡🎶 #amexaccess tent coachella 📸 timuremek https://t.co/C2d7cMxGXU — Alessandra Ambrosio (@AngelAlessandra) April 18, 2017
Kylie Jenner was another star who didn't hold back with her various looks at the festival. After travelling to the desert wearing a pair of $760 Vetements x Reebok sneakers, the reality star hit headlines with her neon yellow hair as she attended the festival, using Manic Panic hair dye to get the look.
Bristol's Southmead Hospital caused a minor local outrage last week, when it revealed that it had hired some hardmen to capture and destroy a family of foxes that had made their home outside the hospital's maternity unit.
Now seeing as it was a maternity unit where human babies live and their safety could conceivably be put at risk by a fox coming in and dragging a baby out or spreading some unspecified disease, the hospital obviously though public opinion would be on its side over the cull. But no. People were outraged at the plan to off the animals, so much so that staff were being called murderers in angry Facebook reviews of the premises; so the plan has been paused by health chiefs in the area.
Some people even did a grumpy emoticon in response the original announcement. It was all very nasty. A more recent update from the hospital confirms that no foxes were shot before the order to have them shot was put on hold. [BBC]
More Health Posts:
First, there was Tebowing. Then, we planked. After that came the Harlem Shake, and for about two weeks, nothing was the same. Anything could happen at any time, and our videos on social media were undeniable. Every time the shark was jumped, the Fonz found a Cinnamon Challenge, or a Mannequin Challenge. Now, proving that Conor McGregor is combat sports, his silly warm-up ahead of his open workout for his battle against Floyd Mayweather has gone viral in the most ridiculous way.
It started with WBO, WBC and Ring welterweight champ Terence Crawford (dude was also the lightweight champion from 2014-2015) who is preparing to unify his belts with Julio Indongo's WBA and IBF titles this weekend. From there, it took off. Now everyone's jiggling their arms.
I challenge all boxers to the McGregor Challenge @stevennelsonboxing @redder402 @coach_chet_ A post shared by Terence Bud Crawford (@tbudcrawford) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
Some, are doing it better than others.
MILWAUKEE (AP/WFLA) — Prosecutors said a Milwaukee woman killed her 4-year-old son by setting him on fire in a bathtub in their apartment.
Amelia DiStasio, 23, faces a charge of first-degree intentional homicide. She remains jailed with bail set at $400,000.
According to the complaint, authorities were called about smoke at DiStasio's south side apartment Thursday morning and found her son Antonio's burned and lifeless body in the bathtub. His hands had been bound behind his back with several belts, and a plastic garbage bag was over his head. An open bottle of cooking oil was in the bathroom.
According to WTMJ, the night before the fire, the criminal complaint said a neighbor heard the child say, “Please mommy, stop! I won't do it again!” She heard Distasio yell, “Shut up!”
The mother was not home. A witness says she saw DiStasio climb out of the apartment window and run away looking “frantic.”
A police officer later found DiStasio walking. It's unclear if she has an attorney.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
Spalletti Bemoans Separating Totti From Roma
Luciano Spalletti is hoping Eusebio Di Francesco can reunite Roma, after he admitted to playing a divisive role between Roma and Totti.
Spalletti left Roma after the end of the season, despite leading to second on the table and is now in charge at Inter Milan.
His decision to separate club great and veteran footballer Totti from the club, was a cloud that followed his time at Roma.
“Inter contacted me when I was about to finish the championship,” Spalletti said in his first news conference as Nerazzurri coach. “[Roma president James] Pallotta had already been warned by me that I would be gone.
“After the farewell to Roma, this was the best thing that could happen to me. I say this without wanting anyone to take offence.
“In Rome, I had become the one that divided rather than united. There was this problem on the management of Totti.
“I came to see this contrast – the love for the most important player prevailed on the support and affection that we had to have for the team.
“In not being able to put the two things together, I did not do my job well. These two things must go hand in hand.
“I was in trouble because I heard rumours from the fans. I heard them on the streets, in bars, at traffic lights. Many were in favour but there was a line of demarcation.
“They must all be united. I even now wish this to Roma.”
The post Spalletti Bemoans Separating Totti From Roma appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Have you ever fancied a job driving trains around all day? Well, here's your chance.
East Midlands Trains have announced they have started recruiting for their Trainee Depot Drivers 2018 programme and have offered a starting salary of £26,391.
The company is looking to take on trainee drivers to work at its two depots in the East Midlands.
Candidates will either be working at the Nottingham or Derby depot and could end up earning over £35,000 after training.
The company said that candidates will be responsible for moving trains around the depots, depot driving, shunting, light maintenance, fault finding and reporting.
However, they have stated that candidates could progress to driving mainline trains in the future.
An East Midlands Trains spokesperson said: "We welcome candidates from all backgrounds. Women, younger people and ethnic minority groups are currently under-represented within our Depot Driver population and are encouraged to apply as we value diversity and are committed to ensuring equality across our organisation.
"This is an exciting and challenging opportunity to begin a fulfilling career with East Midlands Trains.
"The successful candidates will need to be of excellent calibre due the high levels of responsibility in this safety critical role.
"Excellent communication skills are an essential attribute for Depot Drivers to ensure a safe and efficient working environment. You will also need to be flexible, resilient, an excellent team player and have the ability to follow set rules and procedures."
Candidates must be 21 or over to apply and will undergo four stages of testing as part of the recruitment.
The closing date for applications is Friday, October 13 and to apply, click here.
Nobel Prize Honors Technique That Reveals Molecules' Details
Three researchers based in the U.S., U.K. and Switzerland won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry on Wednesday for developing a way to create detailed images of the molecules that drive life -- a technology that the Nobel committee said allowed scientists to visualize molecular processes they had never previously seen.
The 9-million-kronor ($1.1 million) prize is shared by Jacques Dubochet of the University of Lausanne, Joachim Frank at New York's Columbia University and Richard Henderson of MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, Britain.
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said their method, called cryo-electron microscopy, allows researchers to "freeze biomolecules" mid-movement. The technology "is decisive for both the basic understanding of life's chemistry and for the development of pharmaceuticals," it said.
Frank said he was "fully overwhelmed" on hearing he had won.
"I thought the chances of a Nobel Prize were minuscule because there are so many other innovations and discoveries that happen almost everyday," he told a news conference by phone. "So yes, I was in a way speechless."
Explaining the significance of the technology, Nobel chemistry committee member Heiner Linke said it enables scientists to "see down to the position of individual atoms to be able to see how these molecules interact with one another, what complexes they build, how these complex machineries work."
"It's really the first time that we can see biological molecules in their natural environment and how they actually work together down to the individual atoms," he added.
Electron microscopes once were thought to be useful only for examining nonliving material because the electron beam destroys biological material. But cryo-technology -- freezing material at extremely low temperatures -- protected the examined material from damage.
Frank developed mathematical models to sharpen fuzzy electron microscope images and Henderson, in 1990, was able to generate a 3-D image of a protein at atom-level resolution.
Dubrochet's contribution was to freeze the water in the sample being examined so quickly that it vitrified -- forming a kind of glass rather than ice, whose crystalline structure diffracted the electron beam.
The annual prize rewards researchers for major advances in studying the infinitesimal bits of material that are the building blocks of life.
Recent prizes have gone to scientists who developed molecular "machines" -- molecules with controllable motions -- and who mapped how cells repair damaged DNA, leading to improved cancer treatments.
It's the third Nobel announced this week.
The medicine prize went to three Americans studying circadian rhythms: Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young. The physics prize went to Rainer Weiss, Barry Barish and Kip Thorne for detecting gravitational waves.
The literature winner will be named Thursday and the peace prize will be announced Friday.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
President Donald Trump is expected to announce next week that he will “decertify” the international nuclear deal with Iran, saying it is not in the national interest of the United States and kicking the issue to a reluctant Congress, people briefed on the White House strategy said Thursday.
The move would mark the first step in a process that could eventually result in the resumption of U.S. sanctions against Iran, potentially derailing a deal limiting Iran's nuclear activities reached in 2015 with the United States and five other nations.
But Trump would hold off on recommending that Congress reimposes sanctions, which would constitute a clearer break from the pact, according to four people familiar with aspects of the president's thinking.
The decision would amount to a middle ground of sorts between Trump, who has long wanted to withdraw from the agreement completely, and many congressional leaders and senior diplomatic, military and national security advisers, who believe the deal is worth preserving with changes if possible.
This week, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford expressed qualified support for the deal during congressional testimony. And Mattis suggested he did not believe taking the step to decertify would scuttle the agreement.
Trump is expected to deliver a speech, tentatively scheduled for Oct. 12, laying out a larger strategy for confronting the nation he blames for terrorism and instability throughout the Middle East.
Officials cautioned that plans could still change, and the White House would not confirm plans for a speech or its contents. Trump faces an Oct. 15 deadline to report to Congress on whether Iran is complying with the agreement and whether he judges the deal to be in the U.S. national security interest.
“The administration looks forward to sharing details of our Iran strategy at the appropriate time,” said Michael Anton, spokesman for the White House National Security Council.
If the president fails to certify the deal while saying Iran is complying with it, it's a destructive political gesture
The fate of the nuclear pact is only one consideration in that larger strategy, U.S. officials said, although given Trump's focus on it as an “embarrassment,” it is the most high-profile element.
The deal signed under President Barack Obama was intended to close off the potential for Iran to quickly build a nuclear bomb by curbing nuclear activities the United States and other partners considered most troubling. It allowed some uranium enrichment to continue for what Iran claims is peaceful medical research and energy; the country says it has never sought nuclear weapons. In exchange, world powers lifted crippling U.S. and international economic sanctions.
At issue now is the fate of U.S. sanctions lifted by Obama and by extension whether the United States will move to break the deal. That could open an international breach with European partners who have warned they will not follow suit.
Outreach for a “transatlantic understanding” about reopening or supplementing the deal is likely to be part of Trump's announcement, according to one Iran analyst who has discussed the strategy with administration officials. Several other people familiar with a nine-month review of U.S. military, diplomatic, economic and intelligence policy toward Iran spoke on the condition of anonymity because aspects of the policy are not yet set, and Trump has not announced his decision.
Trump said last month that he had decided what to do on Iran but that he would not divulge the decision.
Welcoming military leaders to a White House dinner Thursday night, Trump said Iran had not lived up to its end of the nuclear bargain.
“The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence, bloodshed and chaos across the Middle East,” he said. “That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. They have not lived up to the spirit of their agreement.”
The president's senior national security advisers agreed within the past several weeks to recommend that Trump “decertify” the agreement at the Oct. 15 deadline, two of those people said.
The administration has begun discussing possible legislation to “strengthen” the agreement, congressional aides and others said – a “fix it or nix it” approach suggested by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), a leading Republican hawk on Iran.
But the prospects of such an approach are highly uncertain, and many supporters of the deal consider it a dodge.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said last month that he will not reopen the agreement for negotiation. Separately, representatives of Iran, China and Russia told Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the same thing during a meeting on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly session last month, two senior diplomats familiar with that meeting said.
Cotton appeared to preview the main elements of the administration's plan this week, although he said he does not know exactly what Trump plans to do. The two met Thursday at the White House.
In a speech Tuesday at the Council on Foreign Relations, Cotton said Trump should “decline to certify the deal and begin the work of strengthening it.”
He said decertification should be based on a finding that the deal is not in the U.S. “vital national security interest,” citing “the long catalogue of the regime's crimes and perfidy against the United States, as well as the deal's inherent weakness.”
But Cotton said he would not push for the immediate reimposition of sanctions, as some conservative lawmakers and outside lobbying groups are pushing to do.
He laid out proposals for Congress to pass new stipulations for U.S. participation in the deal, including elimination of the “sunset clauses” under which restrictions on some Iranian nuclear activities expire after several years, tougher inspections requirements and new curbs on Iran's ballistic- and cruise-missile programs.
Cotton claimed that a unified statement from Congress would help Trump forge a new agreement among European and other allies and strengthen his hand for renegotiation.
The world needs to know we're serious, we're willing to walk away, and we're willing to reimpose sanctions
“The world needs to know we're serious, we're willing to walk away, and we're willing to reimpose sanctions – and a lot more than that,” Cotton said. “And they'll know that when the president declines to certify the deal, and not before.”
In the Senate, plans have been underway for months to respond to a presidential decertification.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) has been Capitol Hill's point person on discussions with the White House. Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) also have been made aware of plans being discussed with the White House and State Department.
McConnell is not eager to take on the issue at a time when the Senate calendar is full and midterm elections are only a year off, according to congressonal aides and a Western diplomat who has met with him.
“He's not excited about getting the ‘Old Maid,' ” said the diplomat, referring to the card game where the player left holding a certain card is the loser.
Still, Republican leaders say they are confident that they can craft a legislative response to the president's decision that can address deficiencies in the deal and avoid turning the issue into a political litmus test for the GOP.
Some Republicans have also been urging the president to take a critical public stance against the deal – without blowing it up.
“The president should come out and say, ‘Hey, we're going to enforce this, and right now I think these different provisions are being violated,' ” Sen. Dan Sullivan (R-Ala.) said last week – adding that Trump should tell Iran it had a limited window to fix problems. “If they don't, do what [then-Secretary of State] John Kerry and Barack Obama said they were going to do, which is snap-back sanctions.”
Rep. Adam B. Schiff, D-Calif., said a decertification would undermine global confidence in the deal and in U.S. commitments generally.
“If the president fails to certify the deal while saying Iran is complying with it, it's a destructive political gesture,” Schiff said.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said that beginning a process that could result in the United States withdrawing from the Iran deal would go against “advice from his own national security team and our closest allies.”
“Unilaterally abandoning this agreement will make the world less safe,” she said in a statement.
A half dozen Democrats who went to the White House on Wednesday evening to meet with national security adviser H.R. McMaster came away with the impression that he agreed with Mattis and Dunford.
The group who visited with McMaster to discuss Iran included Cardin, D-Md., and Sens. Robert Menendez, D-N.J., Christopher Coons, D-Del., Joe Manchin, D-W.V., Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and Angus King, I-Maine, according to a person familiar with the meeting.
Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., called the nuclear deal “very, very flawed” but not totally ineffective – a common view among Republicans and a potential starting point for negotiations with Democrats.
“What we have to figure out is how to actually accomplish what we were well on our way to do before Barack Obama gave them a patient pathway to a nuclear bomb,” Gardner said, referring to what he and other Republicans see as the deal's failure to prevent Iran from developing weapons down the road. “I'm not to commit to myself to one direction, other than that we actually have a deal in place to commit Iran will come to agreement without a nuclear program.”
The Washington Post's Abby Phillip and Ed O'Keefe contributed to this report.
When I think of the types of people we need representing us in Hartford, I think of my good friend Ashley Gaudiano.
I met Ashley about two years ago through the MOMS Club in town, and since then, she's become a great friend. Ashley is that special type of person who is always willing to lend a hand to someone in need. She's also one of the hardest-working people I know.
I've watched how she balances her nonprofit consulting firm, service on the Trumbull Town Council, community volunteerism, and her pro bono legal work, all while dedicating herself to being an amazing mother to two small children. Ashley works day in and day out to advocate for people here in Connecticut.
Those are just a few of the reasons I know she's exactly the type of passionate, level-headed leader we should be sending to represent us in Hartford. That's why I'm thrilled Ashley has decided to step up and run for the 134th General Assembly seat, which represents parts of Fairfield and Trumbull.
This is a pivotal time in our State's history. Connecticut is facing so many problems right now, but it's also a great state to live in and raise our children in. We need someone who will bring fresh ideas to the table and who isn't afraid to work first and foremost on behalf of her constituents.
Watching Ashley work so hard in our community, I know she will bring integrity, compassion, and dedication to the job. I hope you'll consider joining me in voting for Ashley Gaudiano for State Representative in November.
Nightforce 3.5-15x50 questions. I have a NF 3.5-15x50 with zs and npr-1 reticle I plan on putting on a 6.5-284 I'm having built. I plan on using this gun for hunting. Shots would be no farther than 7-800 yards on whitetail and that would be a streatch as there isn't that many opportunities to shoot that far here in the piedmont of NC. Most realistic shots would be 1-500yds. Years down the rd I may go out west on an elk hunt, you never know.
So the questions are this, is the 3.5-15x50 enough for hunting out to 800 on medium to large game? And good enough to bang steel out to 1k? Or should I get a 5.5 NF? I just worry about close shots with the 5.5x?
The other question is my 3.5 does not have HS turrets. Is it worth the $400 to have NF change them to HS turrets?
Thanks in advance!
HUBBARD, Ohio (WYTV) – The Hubbard Police Department is looking for a missing teenage girl.
Madison Copley, 15, was reported missing by her family on Sunday. She was last seen around 11:30 p.m. Saturday, prior to running away from her home, according to Hubbard police.
Police believed Copley is with 21-year-old Malik Perkins Williams, of Solon. He was driving a 2012 white Infiniti SUV (OH, FSE9009).
Copley is considered to be an “at-risk missing juvenile” due to a medical condition.
She is described as a 5'2 tall and 125 pounds with brown hair and brown eyes. It is unknown what she was wearing when she left.
Those with information on her whereabouts are asked to call their local police department or Hubbard Police Det. Sgt. Moffitt at 330-534-8153, ext. 3004.
Sydney Airport is working with Vision-Box to develop a mobile app that will allow travellers to capture an image of their face and their passport and use that data to enrol in a planned biometric-based authentication system.
Australia's busiest airport expects to launch a pilot in mid to late 2018 of a facial recognition based system as part of its Fast Passenger Processing Project. The project team was stood-up in 2017.
(Last year the federal government revealed that it had awarded Vision-Box a $22.5 million contract to implement facial recognition at immigration processing in airports.)
Sydney Airport project manager, terminal design and planning, Lisa Airth told the Biometrics Institute Asia-Pacific Conference that the aim is to facilitate a more efficient journey for passengers and minimise the points at which they need to produce physical documentation, such as a passport or boarding pass. The process is also expected to have security benefits, she said.
The system will also allow the delivery of more experiences customised for an individual, tracking them through the airport and enabling a business lounge, for example, to greet someone by name and already have details of their personal preferences when they arrive.
Currently, passenger journeys through the airport require “lots of passenger interaction and manual intervention,” she told the conference.
The project is aligned with the International Air Transport Association (IATA) One Identity concept, using a single token to validate the identity of a passenger at each stage of the journey
Qantas has already committed to participating in the pilot and has aided in its design.
Airth said that “privacy and security” would be incorporated at every phase of the creation of an identity and authentication.
A range of touchpoints will be covered by the project, starting with passengers being able to check-in at the international terminal using kiosks (or potentially the app). They will then be able to move to an automated bag-drop zone, which will be the first “contactless” point – passengers won't need to present their boarding pass or passport to leave their luggage.
The airport is also placing biometric cameras at security screening, allowing passengers to be tracked as they move through the terminal.
As part of the pilot two cameras have been stationed at the entrance and exit of the Qantas Lounge. Airth said that the cameras will allow lounge staff to personally greet passengers.
At Gate 25 there will be a “stealth boarding gate” allowing contactless boarding of aircraft. Registered pilot participants will also be able to use the technology when they return to Australia.
Passengers will still need to present their documents for processing at immigration.
The option of enrolling via a mobile app will be available some time after the pilot begins.
“This ultimately might mean one day, you will check in from home and do your biometric registration and then head straight to the bag-drop at the airport, or go straight to security or immigration for clearances before you travel,” Airth said.
The platform being developed to underpin the system is called the PDE, or Passenger Data Envelope. It will connect to different integration points throughout the terminal. The PDE will be responsible for processing the biometric capture at registration and create the identifying token for an individual.
Airlines will have the ability to track tokens at each point of a journey through the terminal – allowing them to see how many passengers may have checked in, how many have dropped off their luggage, been through security or are in an airline's lounge.
The PDE will only share “to the relevant people” when it is necessary, Airth said. The system will also only share part of the data – not the whole biometric token.
The pilot is expected to initially cover three flights a day, with the team planning to target off-peak periods to minimise potential disruption.
Most of the equipment required is already on-site and being tested. The pilot will be rolled out incrementally, beginning with check-in, bag-drop and the boarding gate.
From closeted jocks to tangled webs and secret affairs, readers write into Hey, Daddy! when the sex was good, now they want more, but the other party is not feeling it.
Hey, Daddy!
The teammate I've always had a crush on found out I'm gay, and long story short we had sex. We were already good friends with lots in common, so now I keep daydreaming about us together.
I don't want to make a big deal out of it, but then again, he is making too little of a deal out of it. He avoids being within a foot of me when around the other guys on our team. It's killing me.
Really Over Men And Need Commitment Enormously
Dear ROMANCE:
Every one of us has been in a one-sided romance, but you're jumping the gun on yours. There's not enough information to go down the spiral of gloom.
Your internal drama comes from sitting in the dark. Turn on the lights. Letting your imagination run away with you creates worst-case scenarios, which can cause you to act in ways that might ruin your friendship – and your chances.
The only way to find out is asked what the sex meant to him. Maybe he's not ready, or maybe he's just as nervous as you're about appearing needy. Either way, be ready to accept his answer.
Clear the air so you can keep the friend.
Hey, Daddy!
I love my husband, but lack of excitement has led me to stray several times. These detours never mattered until a recent hookup flooded over into a weekly thing.
The mutual plan was to keep it No Strings Attached, but the more we got together, the more I realized that this guy is special to me. Then one night I texted, and he was on a date. Now he's not responding at all. I get that this is a situation that I shouldn't be in at all, but my heart just wants him back in my life.
Desire I Can't Kick
Dear DICK:
You're married. He's dating. The relationship is over. He knows it. You don't. One-sided breakups suck, but expecting to have your cake and eat it too is why you're here in the first place.
You want to listen to your heart. Cool: Your heart wants romance. You're missing emotional connection. Step one: Get counseling to fix your marriage, or get single so you have something to offer.
Daddy loves his boys. He knows the answers you need, and you're going to get them. Reach out with your burning questions via our editor, mike@davidatlanta.com, and put “Hey, Daddy” in the subject line. Warning: Advice in this column is intended for entertainment and novelty. Proceed at your own risk. If you're in trouble, ask a professional for help.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An historic market town hopes to become one of the most up to date areas of Cheshire by putting itself in people's pockets.
The initiative has seen the launch of the Neston Life mobile app now available to download free from app stores for both smartphones and tablets.
The app is said to bring together the very best of the town centre and its surrounding villages including Little Neston, Ness, Burton, Willaston and Parkgate, Cheshire's only coastal resort.
It has been developed by Carrie Spacey, editor of the town's local news website AboutMyArea CH64 in partnership with Martin Haley from Leicestershire based EaziApps.
Designed to connect local people, organisations, businesses, restaurants and services, the feature includes local news, weather, traffic, special offers, digital loyalty cards, what's on and more, ‘all in one handy app with dynamic content, constantly updated' according to Carrie.
(Image: UGC TCH)
Carrie, who has previously served as chairman of Neston's Chamber of Trade and as a town councillor, explained: “AboutMyArea was launched here exactly 10 years ago and has gone from strength to strength as a vital tool in keeping people up to date with what's going on in the area.
“With more and more people accessing information using mobile devices, we felt the time was right to introduce another member of the family to help local people and visitors find what's available in Neston.
“We're very excited to bring this helpful innovation to Neston which is already rightly proud of its community spirit. We hope that it brings residents, local organisations, businesses and visitors together even more.”
David Clarke, current chairman at the chamber of trade, added: “The business landscape in Neston is becoming ever more distinctive and positive. Already home to a number of independent shops, it has benefited in recent years from several innovative and popular businesses opening.
“Social media is key for independent businesses to engage with their existing customers and to connect with new people. The Neston Life app will be revolutionary for a town the size of Neston in creating a platform that allows local businesses to connect with Local People.
“If Carrie puts in half the effort she has done with About My Area it will be an outstanding success.”
As well as bringing businesses and customers together, Neston Life is also intended to support the activities and events of local community organisations.
Many local groups are already said to be listed on the app with others invited to get in touch to ensure their details and dates are added or updated as required, both on the app and the AboutMyArea website.
Gareth Prytherch, manager of Neston Community Youth Centre, said: “We are really looking forward to working with the Neston Life app to ensure that the fantastic work going on in our community can reach as many people as possible.
“The ability to get relevant information directly to the people that want it will enable us to communicate even more effectively.”
It's easy to see what these major players are banking on for the future of the streaming market. While Spotify seems to be focusing on technology like hardware and voice control, Apple appears to want to focus on the artists and music business itself. As Rolling Stone notes, a publishing division could help the company make better music licensing deals, or it could just start signing artists -- and offering them development deals -- on its own. Either way, Apple's new focus on the publishing side of things is a clear sign of how the company wants to continue influencing the music world.
Three archers were all tied on 710 points out of 720 following the first qualification round of the men's compound event at the 2018 Archery World Cup at the Yuanshen Sports Stadium in Shanghai.
South Korea's Kim Jongho, Mike Schloesser of The Netherlands and India's Abhishek Verma all shot for 710 on the first morning of the competition.
Jongho, however, took the first seed with a score of 31x with Schloesser and Verma ranked second and third on 28x and 18x respectively.
Two-time World Cup gold medallist Schloesser revealed the weather, and particularly the shifting winds, played a large part in his inability to finish top of the pile.
"It's really challenging weather," he said.
"I had some struggles in the first half; I shot some really good shots and they were just out.
"I couldn't explain them: they were really good shots and they were out – so I was thinking, 'What am I doing?'
"I was really hoping for more."
South Korea's Choi Bomin, centre, finished top of the women's compound qualification rankings ©World Archery
A South Korean archer also finished top of the leaderboard in the women's compound qualification thanks to Choi Bomin's efforts, which saw her score 702.
Like Schloesser, Choi also admitted she struggled with the wind.
"At the start, I couldn't focus because I was worrying about the wind," she said.
"For the second-half, I decided to only think about my technique and performance.”
Jamie van Natta of the United States and Turkey's Yesim Bostan finished second and third respectively.
As was the case in the men's, the duo were inseparable on 700 points but van Natta's 10+X score of 55 was enough to beat Bostan's 10+X score of 53.
South Korea made it a clean sweep of top qualification finishes thanks to victories in the team events - the compound men's, women's and mixed team competitions.
The Archery World Cup is due to continue tomorrow with recurve qualification set to get underway.
Canada's economy may have reached peak velocity.
Employment was little changed in September from August, as employers added 112,000 full-time workers, offsetting a decline of similar magnitude in part-time work, Statistics Canada reported on Oct. 5.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at 6.2 per cent, the lowest since the autumn of 2008.
Why the latest hiring data matters
The Bank of Canada was surprised by the economy's strength this year. It is now paying extra attention to key indicators, such as the monthly jobs survey, for clues as to whether these extraordinarily good times will continue. If the central bank decides the first-half growth rate was for real, it will keep raising interest rates to stay ahead of inflation.
The trend
An unemployment rate of 6.2 per cent is very low by historical standards, as it has dropped below six per cent only a handful of times. Canada's economy still has momentum, but it slowed in the third quarter, judging by the latest hiring data. Employers added 42,000 jobs between July and September, a 0.2 per cent rate of growth. That was slower than 0.6 per cent in second quarter and 0.5 per cent over the first three months of 2017.
Glass half full
A swap of about 100,000 part-time jobs for an equal number of full-time jobs is a good trade. But the big positive in the latest jobs numbers was a notable jump in wages. For the first time in about a year, paycheques are growing faster than inflation.
Glass half empty
The monthly jobs data provide a snapshot of trends that take much longer to solidify. More than 842,000 Canadians aged 65 and older were employed in September, the most ever. This is mostly demographics: the population is aging, so you would expect a greater number of older people in the workforce. But it does suggest a significant number of people are reaching retirement age without enough income to live comfortably without a regular salary.
Bottom line
On the whole, Canada's labour market remained strong in September. The shift to full-time from part-time brought an increase in hours worked, which means more economic output and fatter paycheques. The jump in wages from a year earlier is especially significant, as Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz singled out that number last month as something he would be watching especially closely. The central bank is likely due for a pause after raising interest rates twice this summer, but the strength of the labour market will keep Bay Street talking about a third increase before the year is out.
MORE ABOUT THE ECONOMY:
The 27-inch Quad HD (2,560 by 1,440 pixels) screen also supports HDR, though Dell was quick to note that it's not the same as HDR standards you'll find in 4K TVs. Still, the company says it'll support higher contrast and color range than most consumer monitors, with support for up to 99 percent of the SRGB gamut. The screen also pivots on its stand, which lets you adjust its angle.
Based on a brief demonstration, the 27 Ultrathin certainly looks impressive. Bright colors simply pop on the screen, and there's a wonderful depth to complex imagery. The slim display is impressive from just about every angle (Dell says it supports a 178-degree viewing angle), and its thin bezel also takes a cue from the XPS laptop lineup. While the base is a bit chunky, I didn't notice it much since I was too busy gawking at the screen. The monitor also includes a USB-C connection with power support, an HDMI 2.0 port and an audio line out.
You can grab the Dell 27 Ultrathin on March 23rd for $700.
GROTON, Conn. (WTNH)– A Russian spy ship has been spotted floating off the coast of Connecticut, Wednesday.
According to ABC News, the Russian intelligence gathering ship, named The Viktor Leonov, was seen patrolling in waters 30 miles south of the Naval Submarine Base in Groton. The ship appears to be making its way up the east coast as Monday it was spotted 70 miles off the coast of Delaware.
U.S. officials said that the ship was likely headed to that location near Connecticut in international waters where it could be close to the sub base, according to ABC News. The U.S. territorial waters extend 12 miles from shore to the vessel.
Officials say the “loitering” ship is equipped with communications and signal intelligence gathering equipment.
Before heading to the U.S., the Leonov was seen in the Atlantic Ocean seemingly headed towards the Caribbean and in early February it made port in Kingston, Jamaica, according to ABC News.
Congressman Joe Courtney released the following statement in regards to the spy ship:
“A Russian spy ship patrolling 30 miles from the Groton SUBASE underscores that the threats posed by a resurgent Russia are real,” said Courtney. “This unacceptable, aggressive action, combined with the buzzing of US Navy ships in the Red Sea yesterday are clearly testing the resolve of a new administration. While I have total confidence in our Navy's vigilant, responsible readiness, the White House needs to move past their seeming infatuation with Putin and treat him like the serious threat to global peace and security that he has been for the last five years.”
Senator Chris Murphy also released a statement on the Russian ship:
“While this is not wholly unprecedented, it's part of a series of aggressive actions by Russia that threaten U.S. national security and the security of our allies. Just yesterday, news broke that Russia violated an Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. Coupled with escalating fighting in eastern Ukraine and Russian jets buzzing a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea, Putin clearly thinks the Trump administration has given him a permission slip to flex his muscles. President Trump and his administration must end their silence and immediately respond to these threats to our national security.”
Additionally, Connecticut representative Rosa DeLauro tweeted about the incident.
ABC News says that based on past Russian practice, the ship is likely heading to Cuba when it finishes its Northeast mission.
Stay with WFLA News Channel 8 for updates.
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — A Turkish amateur league football club has transferred a player by paying him with Bitcoin, in what the club chairman said is the first signing of a player in cryptocurrency.
Harunustaspor chairman Haldun Sehit told Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency late Tuesday that the club paid player Omer Faruk Kiroglu 2,000 Turkish liras worth of Bitcoin (0.0534 Bitcoin) in addition to 2,000 Turkish Lira ($540).
Sehit told Anadolu the club decided to sign Kiroglu with the cryptocurrency to make the team known "in Turkey and the world."
Sehit said: "God willing, Bitcoin will bring us the championship."
The club competes in the first division of Sakarya's Amateur League.
NASHVILLE — The Nashville Predators have acquired forward Mark McNeill from the Dallas Stars for defenceman Andrew O'Brien.
The trade was made Saturday.
The 24-year-old McNeill has five goals, one assist and 36 penalty minutes in 18 games with the American Hockey League's Texas Stars this season. He has played in 312 AHL games since the 2011-12 season.
McNeill has played in two NHL games — one with Chicago in 2015-16 and one with Dallas in 2016-17.
The 25-year-old O'Brien has three points and 27 penalty minutes in 21 games for the AHL's Milwaukee Admirals this season. He has appeared in 188 career AHL regular-season games.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Taipei is the 21st best university city in the world, while Hsinchu City is ranked No.75, according to rankings published by British higher education information service QS Quacquarelli Symonds.
On a separate list based on the evaluation by 18,000 students and graduates only, Taipei City rated as No.10, reports said Wednesday.
The study considered several factors, including safety, pollution, cost of living, college fees, and attractiveness to students in general. For the first time in the survey's five-year history, students were also asked to help out with the rating, reports said.
Only cities with a population of more than 250,000 and with at least two universities which featured in the company's recent lists were eligible.
After having led the list for four consecutive years, Paris was pushed aside by Montreal, Canada. London was No.3, with the South Korean capital Seoul the best Asian university city at No.4. Tokyo was the only other Asian city in the top-ten, at No.7.
Four Chinese cities were listed, Shanghai at No.25, Beijing at No.30, Nanjing at No.80, and Wuhan as the lowest on this year's list, at No.100.
On the rankings selected by the students, the Canadian capital Ottawa came out first, Shanghai was No.3, Seoul No.8 and the Kansai area of Japan No.9 just ahead of Taipei.
Positive factors for the Taiwanese capital included the relatively low cost of living and studying, convenient public transportation, and a healthy mix of tradition and modernity, QS said.
Hsinchu might be more relaxed, but it also offered interesting museums and Taiwan's version of Silicon Valley nearby, according to the ratings group.
SURFACING Jump on the Bandwagon of a Winning Super Bowl Team? Not These Cleveland Browns Fans. Meet the superfans of a struggling franchise in the National Football League. Image Denny Kochever, known as “Dawg Face,” standing in front of his seats in the Dawg Pound section of the Cleveland Browns' FirstEnergy Stadium. Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
CLEVELAND — It all started with a “woof.”
In 1985, Hanford Dixon and Frank Minnifield, cornerbacks for the Cleveland Browns, began barking at their defensive linemen — an unconventional rallying cry. Nearby fans overheard the antics and returned their own barks .
By the end of the season — after spending months popularizing the phenomenon in practices, games and during interviews — Dixon and Minnifield had established a new identity for the Browns' defense: the Dawgs.
It wasn't long before a large section of the Browns' home field, Municipal Stadium, in the cheap bleacher seats beyond the stadium's eastern end zone, was named the “Dawg Pound.” There, among a clientele that consisted largely of blue-collar Clevelanders, in a city characterized by its resilience and still gripped by the demise of its once-booming steel industry, grew something strange and wonderful .
Image Yes, that fan is holding a can of Alpo dog food in September 1995. Credit David Liam Kyle/Sports Illustrated, via Getty Images
The Dawg Pound was a kind of cultural caldron, and the people who occupied its bleacher seats were pioneers of a new form of fandom. First they barked. Then they donned dog masks and carried fistfuls of Milk-Bone dog biscuits into the stadium. Over time, their costumes and props became more and more outlandish: oversize bones, ornamental necklaces, hard hats, massive floppy ears. Then came the names and the fixed personas: D. Dawg, who wore a rabid dog mask and carried a cowbell. Dawg Face, who wore No. 30 and, no matter the temperature, always wore shorts. There was Big Dawg, who sported No. 98; Mobile Dawg, who was known for traveling to away games; Junkyard Dawg; Jam Dawg; Sick Dawg; Fly Dawg; Mad Dawg; and Ugly Dawg.
“We were Browns junkies,” said Mike Randall, who went by Dawg Pound Mike .
The Dawg Pound's enthusiasm spread throughout Northeast Ohio. Fans recorded songs dedicated to the Browns — fawning odes that hit the market on records and cassette tapes and flooded the local radio shows.
“The Dawgs are barking; they're all having fun,” went one chart-topper, a paean to the Browns' beloved quarterback at the time, Bernie Kosar. Another consisted of a rock ballad interspersed with dog barks. Yet another celebrated — in the '80s sense of the word “bad” — the “Bad, Bad Cleveland Browns.”
Within the stadium, though, things weren't always lighthearted. There was a rough-and-tumble side to the Dawg Pound — a dark side, an overtly problematic side. “By today's standards, it was a violent section,” said Vince Erwin, the man behind D. Dawg . Things often descended into hooliganism. Kegs were smuggled in. During contentious, heated games, fans were apt to hurl objects at the opposing team: dog biscuits, snowballs, beer cups.
“It was an intimidating group,” recalled John “Big Dawg” Thompson, who, at the height of his Dawg Pound fame, was one of the most famous sports fans in the country.
In 1995 — in what remains the most infamous moment in Cleveland sports history — the then owner Art Modell announced his plans to relocate the team to Baltimore. When the Browns played their final game at Municipal Stadium, fans in the Dawg Pound dismantled their wooden bleacher seats with wrenches and hacksaws. Elsewhere in the stadium, a whole set of seats was ripped out and passed overhead from row to row, and finally dumped onto the field in protest.
For more Surfacing pieces, like one on a Jamaican synchronized swimming team, click here.
Image Rowdy much? Cleveland Browns fans, angry at the team's decision to move to Baltimore, threw a row of seats onto the field after the Brown's victory over the Bengals in December 1995. Credit Stephen Dunn/Getty Images
“That was a scary day,” recalled Denny Kochever, the man behind the Dawg Face persona, with an audible tinge of emotion. “Scary and sad.”
A year later, Municipal Stadium was demolished — and the original Dawg Pound section went with it.
By anyone's standards, today's Cleveland Browns — reborn as an expansion franchise in 1999, along with a new stadium and a new, fancier Dawg Pound — are the worst team in the National Football League. The Browns lost every game in the 2017 season, finishing 0-16, a low matched by only one other team in league history, the 2008 Detroit Lions. Their record over the last two years is an abominable 1-31. Since relaunching the franchise, the Browns have fielded no less than 28 starting quarterbacks and have burned through eight head coaches. (Hue Jackson, hired in 2016, is the ninth.) The last 19 years have yielded only two winning seasons and a single playoff appearance.
Nevertheless, an estimated 3,000 fans held a parade in January for the team's “perfect season.” (For some, it offered a chance to show their undying support — or to finally be in on the joke. For others, it was less a celebration and more a form of protest.)
Image Cleveland Browns fans participated in a “Perfect Season” parade after the team lost all its games. Credit Tony Dejak/Associated Press
Image A fan donning a dog mask with the losing streak written on it. Credit Tony Dejak/Associated Press
Mr. Kochever, 71, was recently standing over an odd assortment of football paraphernalia, all of it strewn throughout his bedroom: flags, dog masks, necklaces, rawhide bones. The pile covered half the room, and he had plenty more stored away . He'd laid it all out as proof of the depth of his loyalty.
“There are still a few of us who bleed orange and brown,” he said, referring to the Browns' colors. “But the last 20, 25 years — it's been tough.”
“When you're winning, you have everything: team spirit, enthusiasm, the creativity to come up with trinkets and costumes,” he continued. “I used to get up and run across the Dawg Pound. I'd be yelling, I'd be waving my bone. But there's not a lot to get us going anymore.”
Image Denny Kochever, known as “Dawg Face,” showing off the mask he wears at Cleveland Browns games. Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
There's an old cliché in Cleveland, one that's been minted on T-shirts and adopted as an unofficial Browns motto: “There's always next year.” It encapsulates the city's consciously misguided, yet enduring, sense of hope.
But at this point, so many next years have piled up that an entire generation of Browns fans has come to know the team only as perennial losers — and, by now, many of the Dawg Pound superfans who defined the city's sporting culture in the '80s and '90s have vanished from the stands. Those who are left — fans like Dawg Face and D. Dawg — have become an ever-shrinking subculture in Northeast Ohio, custodians of the fading memory of the Browns as a gritty and formidable football team, one that, between '86 and '89, played in three out of four A.F.C. championship games, and, in the 1950s and '60s, won four N.F.L. championships.
As the fan base has changed, so, too, has the nature of the Dawg Pound itself. Heightened security measures have made the section less rowdy and more family friendly, and have prevented fans from carrying in some of their more distinctive flair. Mr. Erwin, for example, was barred from carrying in both his large orange bone (a potential weapon) and his cowbell (a “noisemaker”). Far from the intimidating fan section it once was, the Dawg Pound became, in the words of one commentator, “a surly collection of unsatisfied fans.”
“Back in the day, it was rare to see more than one, maybe two fans from the opposing team in the Dawg Pound,” Mr. Kochever said. “Now they come in like it's nothing.”
Image Vince Erwin, known as “D. Dawg,” at his seat in the “Dawg Pound” with a large orange bone and a cowbell. He is barred from bringing in those items during games. Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
“I try to keep the fire burning with my kids and with the younger fans,” said Mr. Erwin, a season-ticket holder since 1978. “But they don't know what it's like to be loyal to a team through bad times. For them, it's easier to jump on the bandwagon of a team that's winning — and laugh at those of us who don't.”
For their part, the Browns organization is well aware of their fans' frustrations. “We have one of the most unique fan bases in all of professional sports,” said Taylor Laurer, who, as the Browns' director of membership services, leads a group that's dedicated to building relationships with — and growing and retaining — season ticket members.
She acknowledged that it's been a rough couple years. “We know that our fans deserve a championship team,” she added, “because they are literally championship caliber fans.”
When you ask Browns fans why they still support their team, you're met with something of a refrain.
Cleveland is a football city, people around here say, and the Browns will eventually turn things around. There's a sense of logical inevitability. This, after all, is “Believeland,” where residents who have endured a long series of devastating defeats — Red Right 88, The Drive, The Fumble, The Shot, Jose Mesa's blown save in the ninth inning of the '97 World Series — still find a way to hope against hope.
And in football, Browns fans say, the winds of fortune change — or can change — on a year-to-year basis. Look no further than Sunday's Super Bowl, which includes the Philadelphia Eagles — the worst team in their division last year. One good draft, the collective belief around here goes, and it could all turn around.
Image Vince Erwin a.k.a. D. Dawg. Credit Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
But there's something, too, about the enduring effect that Dawg Pound culture has had on the psyche in Northeast Ohio. All those Browns songs from the 1980s, the ones that were piped over the radio and into people's cars and homes? “I still know the words to all of those,” said Susie Welch, who grew up in Cleveland's West Side and attended games in the Dawg Pound at the old Municipal Stadium. “It was part of a culture that enveloped the whole city.”
And that culture, by way of a kind of Browns-fans diaspora, has spread through the country — and around the world. Ms. Welch, who left Cleveland for Madison, Wis., some 20 years ago and subsequently founded the Mad City fan club, is one of tens of thousands of registered members of Browns Backers Worldwide, a nonprofit organization with over 300 clubs in more than a dozen countries.
“We're just always going to support the Browns,” Ms. Welch said, “win or lose — or lose even worse,” she said with a laugh.
“We've got two of the best teams in their respective leagues,” said Justin Eckert, a 32-year-old Dawg Pound fan, referring to the Cavaliers and the Indians. “But put on sports talk radio in the morning and what do you hear? Browns, Browns, Browns.”
“There are a lot of fans out there,” said Dan Eckert, Justin's father. “They have a real love for the Browns — they're just lying dormant right now. But when we start winning again, everybody in Cleveland will be coming out of the woodwork. We'll be bigger than the Cavs and the Indians combined. Just you wait.”
Stephen Hiltner joined The Times as a staff editor in 2016. He was previously an editor for six years at The Paris Review. He is a graduate of the University of Oxford and the University of Virginia. @sahiltnerFacebook
Get the Travel Dispatch Newsletter Every Saturday, get travel tips, destination coverage, photos from all over the world and more. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
NEW CANAAN, Conn. — The setting could not be more different, but David Wannagot says he applies some of the same skills from his 30-year police career to his new role as a school sentry.
As he greeted children getting off the bus at West Elementary School one recent morning, he scanned their faces, ready to guide any who seem upset directly to the vice principal. And from his station at the entrance he sizes up all visitors asking to enter the building.
“We would do anything we can to protect a child or a teacher,” said Wannagot, a former detective in Norwalk. “We're not armed, but we do have experience dealing with violent people in the past, reading people's mannerisms, that kind of thing.”
In the aftermath of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting five years ago, districts have moved to bolster security, especially at elementary schools, which traditionally have not had police assigned to them like many high schools and middle schools. Many have hired retired officers, firefighters and other responsible adults — an approach that's less expensive and potentially less intrusive than assigning sworn police, but one that also has raised questions about the consistency of training and standards.
Nationally, there is a patchwork of state laws addressing requirements for school safety officers, and many leave it entirely up to local school boards. Some states, including Connecticut, have weighed legislation to impose standards for non-police security inside schools.
In Danbury, Connecticut, which began posting security guards inside elementary schools after the Sandy Hook shooting, Mayor Mark Boughton pushed for state legislation that would have established standards and training for non-police security personnel. The bill ultimately did not pass. In the event of a crisis involving a response by multiple agencies, he said, it would be helpful to have common agreement on the role of private guards.
“I still think it's a good idea,” Boughton said.
Even before the shooting, security officers who were once almost exclusively at high schools before becoming common at middle schools also had been turning up increasingly at elementary schools, according to Ronald Stephens, director of the National School Safety Center.
The “responsible adult” model has been in use for years, he said, but anecdotal evidence suggests it has been growing in popularity. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, the percentage of primary U.S. public schools with one or more security staffer present at least once a week rose slightly from 26.2 per cent in the 2005-2006 school year to 28.6 per cent in 2013-2014.
In New Canaan, the school district contracted with a private company to set up the campus monitors soon after the Newtown school shooting on Dec. 14, 2012.
“Our lenses changed a bit on that day,” Superintendent Bryan Luizzi said.
The plan for the monitors initially ran into skepticism from some, including Steve Karl, a town councillor who questioned the cost and the intrusiveness, but he has come around to support the program. The monitors now report to the Board of Education, which also provides training. The monitors earn an average salary of $30,700, compared with $90,472 for police assigned as school resource officers.
“The first choice would be to have a U.S. Marine at the door. ‘This is the guy you're going to have to check through to get access to our kids.' But it's just not realistic,”‘ Karl said. “Where do you go from there? You want somebody who has a very keen sense of knowing when something doesn't quite feel right.”
The rise in the number of districts turning to private security has led to calls elsewhere to impose standards for school guards, particularly in cases where school boards allow for them to be armed.
In New Jersey, a law passed last year establishes a special class of law enforcement officers providing school security. The measure was sought by the New Jersey State Association of Chiefs of Police to encourage minimum training standards, according to the association's president, North Plainfield Police Chief William Parenti. Chiefs, he said, noticed fewer police officers were being assigned to schools because of budget cuts and districts were replacing them with private security, including armed guards.
“You could get a school superintendent's brother who didn't have a job and give them a permit to carry,” he said.
In Arkansas, a law passed in 2015 sets minimum training requirements on topics including active-shooter training and limitations on the authority of school security officers, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
Michele Gay, whose own daughter was killed at Sandy Hook and who now works with school districts as a security advocate, said the ideal scenario would be to have an officer in every school, playing an all-purpose role similar to a school nurse. Where that's not possible, she said the guards should at least be former police.
“We want everybody to be on the same page and have the same level of experience,” she said.
At New Canaan's West Elementary, the guard greets students at the bus before making rounds to make sure doors and windows are locked. He monitors video feeds to watch people approaching the school and checks visitors' identification. On occasion, the principal asks him to keep an eye out for parents who may be upset about something. A New Canaan police officer also comes by the school periodically and talks with student as part of a new program to build relationships with school staff.
“We try to be as friendly as possible for the kids to be comfortable around us,” said Hector Garcia, a monitor assigned to West Elementary. The former prison guard, known as “Mr. Hector” to students, keeps a collection of matchbox cars at this station to help put children at ease.
Annie Drapkin, a West Elementary parent, said the guards helped to put everyone at ease after the Newtown shooting and, over time, they have become part of the school community.
“They're lovely people, and underneath it, they are strong,” she said.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Latest on a former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents who is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles (all times local):
5:15 p.m.
The chair of the board that governs the University of Oklahoma system says the panel disagrees with one of its members saying that gay people are like pedophiles.
Chairman Clay Bennett, who also is chairman of the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, said in statement Monday that the OU board of regents values students' diverse perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. Bennett said the board is reiterating its commitment to fairness and inclusion at OU system universities.
Humphreys made the comments on KFOR-TV's public affairs show over the weekend. The former Oklahoma City mayor also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
2:25 p.m.
The University of Oklahoma's student body president is chastising a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
Student government President J.D. Baker released an open letter Sunday urging the campus to voice its opinion about comments Kirk Humphreys made on a local TV public affairs show over the weekend.
Baker says the comments were "outright disrespectful, out of line and ignorant."
The president of the university's LGBTQ Alumni Society went a step further Monday, calling on Humphreys to resign. Joe Sangirardi says Humphreys serves as a regent to support students, not attack them.
Humphreys made the comments during KFOR-TV's public affairs show. The former Oklahoma City mayor also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
12:15 p.m.
The president of the University of Oklahoma is distancing himself from comments made by a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
University President David Boren said in a statement Monday that board member and former Oklahoma City Mayor Kirk Humphreys wasn't speaking on behalf of the university.
Boren also says he doesn't share Humphreys' views and that the university is a diverse and inclusive family.
Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over weekend on KFOR-TV. He also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
A staffer at Humphreys' office says he was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys also didn't immediately reply to an email seeking comment from The Associated Press.
___
10:55 a.m.
A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. He also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for his removal from the board if he doesn't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said he was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment.
Stevenson said Monday his group will protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if he doesn't apologize.
TORONTO — A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke his name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
Authorities say 10 people died and another 15 were injured as a result of the attack.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says that while the investigation into the attack is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest it was related to terrorism.
Donald Trump's presidency is less than three months old, but in that time there have been massive turnouts for the Women's March and for Tax Day protests in cities across the country demanding that Trump release his returns. This coming Saturday, on Earth Day, scores of March for Science protests are expected.
Helping to guide these actions are veteran activists with the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power — better known as ACT UP. Thirty years after the coalition's founding, some seasoned activists are dusting off their bullhorns and updating their direct-action playbooks to tap into the new wave of activism energized by opposition to Trump's policies.
Founded in 1987, ACT UP never settled for trying to push change quietly or behind the scenes.
It was loud, demanding and in-your-face with telegenic direct action, a protest that got serious attention and, occasionally, laughs.
Like the time members engulfed the suburban Virginia home of their nemesis, the late Republican Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina, in a giant canvas condom that read "Helms Is Deadlier Than A Virus."
Or when ACT UP members posed as news executives and bum-rushed Dan Rather during a live broadcast of the CBS Evening News at the start of the Gulf War.
Then there was the time they stormed the National Institutes of Health, pushing for changes in AIDS research, funding and clinical trials. Over an NIH foyer, activists unfurled a giant banner with their logo and slogan: Silence=Death.
I'm "the snarky, Machiavellian dude behind the Silence=Death image," New York artist and writer Avram Finkelstein says with a chuckle.
That slogan — black and white with a pink triangle — presaged the formation of the radical AIDS advocacy group ACT UP. The slogan helped change the way the world looked at AIDS. At one point, Silence=Death was the most powerful protest slogan around. It became an iconic backdrop to the group's chant for "ACT UP, FIGHT BACK, FIGHT AIDS!"
Now, at 65, Finkelstein is one of several ACT UP veterans from the 1980s and '90s who today are helping shepherd new protesters, training and strategizing, including the anti-Trump collective Rise and Resist.
"Many people are younger people who work with organizations that were formed by ACT UP. Or were in ACT UP themselves," he says.
He recently led a teach-in on design and imagery for Rise and Resist.
"All of the civil disobedience training is being done by the same exact people who did them at ACT UP," Finkelstein says. "So here is this perfect cross-section of this moment. Here is an intergenerational activist organization. And its meetings are in the community center a spitting distance from where the original ACT UP meetings took place."
In January, Rise and Resist took one of its first actions: Scores of members booked brunch reservations at restaurants in several Trump-owned properties including Trump Tower. Over eggs Benedict in the crowded eateries, protesters began to cough and cough some more. The "cough-in" protesters held up signs saying "Trumpcare is making us sick."
"That's the kind of mediagenic sort of action that ACT UP used to needle their opponent," says filmmaker and writer David France, who is behind the book and film How To Survive A Plague. "And Trump is an easy target for needling, and they're working on trying to exploit that weakness of his. The more time he spends in the early morning hours fashioning his tweets in response to perceived slights, the less time he has to advance his agenda."
France and others note that the feeling of total powerlessness in the face of Trump and Republican control of Washington echoes the early days of the AIDS crisis.
"Younger generations, the millennials, and even Gen X and Gen Y, have the sense of never having had power, really," France says. "And it's kind of a learning experience for them to realize that there were times in history when others felt the same, and were yet not dispirited by it but found a way to plow through it and find that power."
ACT UP was certainly not immune to internal fissures and strategic stumbles. Some members broke off into subgroups. But ACT UP remained steadfast in its strategy of being bold, persistent and willing to be unpopular to foster change. It's a template Rise and Resist is trying to emulate, France says.
"I think what they're doing, especially at Rise and Resist, is taking those tactics and strategies and bringing them to the modern era, and making them appropriate for the particular struggles being faced today," he says.
Grass-roots anger at Trump's policies has galvanized protesters on the left, including many new to political action.
While ACT UP is best-known for its direct-action protests, the group's potency came from a clear-eyed strategy and its well-organized committees, says Maxine Wolfe — another veteran gay-rights activist from ACT UP's earliest days who are now involved in Rise and Resist.
ACT UP had committees on health, research, PR, housing and more. They did their homework, Wolfe says, and helped ACT UP create a potent "inside-outside" strategy: demanding a seat of power alongside politicians and Big Pharma while keeping pressure up through creative street protests. The strategy helped turn HIV from a death sentence to a manageable condition.
"We had a women's committee, a people of color committee, the treatment and data committee," Wolfe recalls. "We lobbied peoples, we did civil disobedience. The idea there was that you could use not a huge number of people but a varied playbook," she says. "And [you] would keep coming at it until we won. Which we did."
What's not clear just a few months into Trump's presidency is which tactics and actions by Trump "resisters" will actually have an impact on public opinion and policy. There are sharp tactical disagreements within the inchoate grass-roots opposition to Trump's policies over what might prove most effective and sustainable.
Go with massive rallies or small, direct actions? Focus on urban population centers or the rural and suburban swing areas that helped elect Trump?
There are ongoing Trump boycott efforts such as Grab Your Wallet as well as the get-off-the couch group Run For Something.
"It's the movements that are willing to take risks and willing to do bold action over time that are the most successful," says writer and activist L.A. Kauffman, author of Direct Action: Protest and the Reinvention of American Radicalism.
"Obviously you can't stay in crisis mode and at a fever pitch for year after year," she adds, "but I see a lot of people recognizing that this is the long haul. What the movements are doing together is creating a crisis for the Trump administration, and in so doing, managing to slow down some of the worst of the harm."
While ACT UP's activism centered on an array of complex issues, the central focus of HIV and AIDS was a unifying and organizing force. But anger at Trump is broad, diffuse and across a range of issues from health care to climate change.
"It's a different animal — there's not one single thing to organize against," Wolfe says. "What we need is how to sustain focus. You can't just do one action, let's say, against [senior presidential adviser Steve] Bannon. You have to do many such actions."
"We know now that nominally democratic governments don't have to listen to social protests," says activist and writer Micah White, who helped launch the Occupy Wall Street protests. "You can get 4 million people into the streets and there is no requirement in our Constitution or in our laws that the president has to listen. He's able to say, 'Thanks. Now go home.' And they go home."
White now advocates a rural, Internet-enabled progressive movement where activists get elected to local offices and prove they can govern.
"As social protesters, we need to stop with this naive belief that if we just get more people into the streets, then we'll get what we want. It's not true!" White says.
Finkelstein notes that he did not come up with the Silence=Death logo quickly on the back of a napkin one night over a beer. It was, he says, a deliberative, iterative process with five friends that took about six months to produce.
He is not against big marches like January's massive Women's March in cities across America and the world, or the upcoming Earth Day March for Science.
But his lesson from creating the iconic ACT UP logo: There is tremendous power in smaller actions that can reverberate in unexpected ways.
"If that million people were broken into small groups of four and five, think of the power that could have," Finkelstein says. "Pussy Riot was four people with a boombox, and it totally changed the way we thought about Putin's administration."
Rise and Resist and several other anti-Trump groups are still groping, in these early days, with which tactics might have a real impact with a famously media-savvy mogul turned president, who may be thin-skinned but knows how to punch back.
"A lot of supersmart people that I know are so distracted by the scorching lava flow of Trump's campaign, and now his first days in office, that they seem to be unable to think strategically about it," Finkelstein says. "That surprises me, frankly. The toolbox for doing so is right in front of us."
Update: Melaye rearrested by police, faces trial ‘without delay'
The Nigerian Police said they would dock Senator Dino Melaye ‘without any delay', after re-arresting him from an Abuja hospital today.
Police confirmed an earlier report that Melaye , escaped from lawful custody earlier today when ‘miscreants and hoodlums' blocked a police vehicle conveying him to Lokoja to face trial.
According to Assistant commissioner of police, Jimoh Moshood, the “hoodlums and miscreants” in two Toyota Hilux vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja.
“In the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination”.
Here is the police full statement
“At about 1200Hrs of today Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in Two Toyota Hilux Vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja and in the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
“The Police team reinforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where he was re-arrested.
“The Senator would be arraigned in court without further delay.
“Meanwhile, one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the Senator has been recovered by the Police investigation team.
“The Inspector General of Police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.”
Gideon Ayodele, media adviser to Melaye justified Melaye's escape, saying the senator had resorted to ‘self-help', believing that the police were taking him to Lokoja to get him “assassinated by Governor Yahaya Bello.”
“Contrary to online reports about jumping out of a moving police vehicle. Nothing could be farther from the truth as such insinuation is practically impossible for a man saddled between gun-wielding policemen. Today's incident was a last resort by Senator Dino Melaye in order to foil attempt to kidnap him and kill him by agents of Kogi State governor in connivance with the Police”, Ayodele said.
“Earlier in the morning, Senator Dino Melaye as a law-abiding citizen voluntarily submitted himself to the operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) who had laid siege to his private residence since around 3.35pm of Monday, April 23, 2018. He, along with his lawyers and personal aides, was driven in his private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja, sandwiched among the numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to his house.
“For the avoidance of doubt, he had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to him in the first place. Rather, what the Police FPRO, Mr. Jimoh Moshood, had been doing was to summon the Senator through media briefings, a practice which is unconventional. But given the media hype the whole saga had generated especially his unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja on Monday, April 23 and the attendant but dramatic police siege to his private residence thereafter, where family members and political associates were subjected to traumatic experience for hours, it became necessary for Senator Dino Melaye to end the drama, hence his choice of appearing before the police today.
“Later on they moved to take him to Lokoja in Kogi State. The public will vividly recall that this same case involving Senator Dino Melaye had already been transferred to Abuja by the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court after Senator Melaye expressed worry about his safety in Lokoja. Now, the question is why will they want to forcefully take him to Lokoja? The Senator believes they are doing the Kogi Governor's bidding in order to assassinate him.”
The post Update: Melaye rearrested by police, faces trial ‘without delay' appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The argument may be tough to make in the United States, legal experts say. While uggs may be generic in Australia, Uggs are not in the United States.
“Trademark law tends to be very parochial when it comes to this sort of thing,” said Barton Beebe, a professor of intellectual property law at New York University, in an email. “It only cares about the perception of the relevant consumer population, and in the U.S., the relevant population was not likely and probably still isn't likely influenced by Australian English.”
Photo
Uggs — the generic kind — might seem like an odd place for Australia to plant its cultural flag. But it comes as some in Australia fume about people outside the country appropriating Australian names and ideas. Ms. Winfrey, Kate Moss and Sarah Jessica Parker may have helped make the footwear famous around the world, but many Australians want to call Uggs their own.
“If the French can protect ‘Champagne', the Portuguese ‘Port', the Spanish ‘Sherry' and the Greeks ‘Feta',” said Nick Xenophon, an Australian senator, in a recent statement, alluding to the brand protections that some famous names enjoy, “then surely Australia can protect the word ‘Ugg.'” (Mr. Xenophon on Friday said he would resign as a senator.)
Uggs came and went from public view in the United States since they were trademarked there, but they won a big boost from Ms. Winfrey, the talk show host, who came out as a fan in the early 2000s. Their roots are humbler. According to Australian trademark officials, they appeared as early as the 1970s in phone directory ads as ug, ugg, ugh boots, among many other variations.
“In Australian slang, ‘ughs' are sheepskin booties, designed by surfers in the 1960s to coddle feet weary after ‘shooting the curl.'” The New York Times said in 1994.
The brand's owner in the United States, the Deckers Outdoor Corporation, argues that in the 1990s it bought the American registered name from an Australian entrepreneur, Brian Smith, fair and square. Australians violate the company's intellectual property rights, it said, when they sell Ugg-like footwear in the United States.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Last year it sued an Australian shoemaker owned by Eddie Oygur in a Chicago federal court, saying he sold ersatz Uggs in the United States. Mr. Oygur sold about $2,000 worth of lowercase ugg boots in the United States over a five-year period, his lawyer said, and believed he had every right to.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I want to let the American people know what corporate bullies they are and what they're trying to do – deplete my resources, ruin my business and the whole ugg boot industry,” Mr. Oygur said in his factory in Lidcombe, a Sydney suburb.
Mr. Oygur, 56 years old, plans to take his argument to the court of American public opinion. On Sunday, he said, he plans to join Mr. Xenophon to drive a herd of sheep to Deckers's headquarters, in Goleta, Calif.
Photo
Uggs is not the only Australian name to spur protective feelings — and, potentially, limit the international expansion of Australian companies.
Bondi Wash, a Sydney company that makes natural baby lotions, soaps and dog rinses, groused that it was denied a trademark in the United States because of a similar name held by Abercrombie & Fitch. Bondi, a long crescent of white sand in Sydney, is one of Australia's most famous beaches.
“They didn't really care that Bondi was actually quite a well known place in Australia and they'd awarded it to a big U.S. company,” said Belinda Everingham, founder of Bondi Wash, referring to the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
Uluru, the name of an immense rock formation in central Australia, is trademarked in the United States by a California carpet company. Kakadu, the name of a national park, is claimed by a number of companies in the United States.
“Certain words really belong in the public domain,” said Matthew Rimmer, an intellectual property and innovation professor at Queensland University of Technology's law school. “There's a certain Australian pride in the ugg boot, and a belief that it is a common article of clothing in Australia and resentment over it being claimed by a United States trademark holder.”
Mr. Oygur's company, Australian Leather, hopes to undercut Deckers's argument by saying Uggs were once uggs in the United States too before they were improperly registered as a trademark. To bolster its argument it tapped Mr. Carroll and another famous surfer, John Arnold, who said he exported large volumes of ugg boots to the United States beginning in the late 1960s.
“My honest opinion is that the term ‘Ugg boot' is not something that should be owned as it is a description,” said Mr. Carroll, who said he believed the name first came from Australian surfers who thought they were ugly.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“A boot that was ugly,” he said. “That is different from a brand name.”
If viewing on a mobile device, click here to watch live
UPDATE: The Krewe of Orion have canceled their parade due to Saturday's forecast of rain. The parade was originally scheduled to roll on at 6:30 p.m. and was later bumped up to 5:30 p.m.
RELATED:? FIRST ALERT FORECAST: Rain expected ahead of weekend parades
ORIGINAL STORY:
The route for three Mardi Gras parades has been forced to change due to construction in downtown Baton Rouge.
The Baton Rouge Police Department reported the changes affect the Krewe of Artemis parade on Friday (Feb. 2). The Krewe of Orion parade and Krewe of Mystique parade, both Saturday (Feb. 3) are also affected by the changes.
The changes are indicated on the attached map.
The Krewe of Orion has also been moved up due to the threat of rain over the weekend. The parade was originally scheduled to roll on Saturday at 6:30 p.m. The new start time has been bumped up to 5:30 p.m.
RELATED: Mardi Gras Parade Schedules
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
HOUSTON — The U.S. Supreme has refused to review an appeal from a 48-year-old Salvadoran man on Texas death row for the slayings of two Houston store clerks during an attempted robbery more than 17 years ago.
The high court had no comment in its decision Monday in the case of Gilmar Guevara.
Attorneys for Guevara asked the justices to reverse lower courts' rulings rejecting arguments that he's mentally impaired and ineligible for the death penalty.
Guevara was convicted and sentenced to death for the fatal shootings of 48-year-old Tae Youk and 21-year-old Gerardo Yaxon. Youk was from South Korea and Yaxon from Guatemala.
Guevara, identified as the shooter, and two accomplices fled the scene in southwest Houston in June 2000 without any money.
He does not yet have an execution date.
Early this morning, GoDaddy—the world's largest internet domain registrar—sent five identical replies to critics who condemned its role as the host of one of the most prominent neo-Nazi websites, the Daily Stormer.
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) 14 August 2017
The white nationalist Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville this weekend which left three dead and dozens injured has led to anyone and everything remotely associated with the event scrambling to distance itself from the violence and hatred, including but not limited to: establishment GOP ghouls, the US Navy, Mike Godwin of Godwin's Law, and the TIKI brand of citronella-infused reusable outdoor lighting. It's possible the Scottsdale, Arizona company also felt now was the time for contrition.
Reached by email, Daily Stormer publisher Andrew Anglin told Gizmodo he's received no communication from GoDaddy and that he suspects the messages may be part of a Twitter hack. Anglin didn't rule out that the company was “kicking [him] off due to the volume of complaints,” but he maintains that Daily Stormer has “not violated any aspect of the [GoDaddy Terms of Service],” a clause of which states that customers are prohibited to use the service for “morally offensive activity.”
While the events in Charlottesville are, for reasons of renewed moral clarity or self-preservation, forcing complicit entities to disavow associations with characters like Anglin, GoDaddy has hosted the Stormer since its inception around four years ago, and in that time the site has never been shy about courting controversy loudly and often. GoDaddy's director of network abuse defended its decision to stick by Daily Stormer as recently as last month.
Blurring things further, several Twitter accounts claiming association with hacking collective Anonymous have been organising around the hashtags #OpDomesticTerrorism and #TangoDown, rendering extremist websites unreachable via distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks.
While Daily Stormer remains up, the lead post references #TangoDown, has a photo of someone wearing the Anonymous-associated Guy Fawkes mask, and reads “This site is now under the control of anonymous.” It appears to be both a challenge to potential hackers, and bait for reporters who might misunderstand an intentionally poor imitation of a website defacement.
We've reached out to GoDaddy and to some of the accounts claiming responsibility for #TangoDown and will update if we hear back.
“Boxing is very dangerous. One punch can change everything. I have to be on my game.”
Each man is looking for a signature win in order to gain possible consideration to face either Golovkin or Alvarez in the near future…
The middleweight division is currently confined to two talents, if the mainstream media has its way. However, outside the names and marketability of a particular Mexican redhead and a Kazakhstani knockout artist, there are several additional fighters in the proverbial basket who would like to be considered as potential stars as well. After Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez fought to a questionable draw in September, some of the focus within the 160-pound weight class switched to the man who holds the one sanctioned title outside of the two.
Billy Joe Saunders (25-0, 12 KO's) currently holds the WBO world middleweight championship and he is taking a step outside of his native England for the first time in his eight-year professional career. This Saturday, December 16 in Laval, Quebec, Canada, Saunders will help open the brand new Place Bell when he takes part in what he hopes is an all-action contest against Montreal native David Lemieux (38-3, 33 KO's). Each man is looking for a signature win in order to gain possible consideration to face either Golovkin or Alvarez in the near future.
Lemieux squared off against “GGG” Golovkin two years ago but was knocked out in eight rounds after losing seemingly every moment of the contest. American audiences last saw David in the ring this past May, when he knocked around Marcos Reyes for ten uneventful rounds as part of the undercard for Canelo Alvarez's walkover triumph of Julio Cesar Chavez, Jr.
Since he defeated Andy Lee for the WBO middleweight crown almost two years ago, Saunders has fought just once. He topped Willie Monroe, Jr. by way of unanimous decision this past September at the Copper Box Arena in London. On Monday afternoon, Saunders, Lemieux and pieces of their respective promotional companies participated in an international media conference call to discuss their upcoming showdown which is billed as ‘Declaration of War.'
Selected Highlights Listed Below
Oscar De La Hoya, President of Golden Boy Promotions: “This will surely be a showdown between two heavy hitters. Billy Joe Saunders will battle heavy handed David Lemieux. We also have a spectacular co-main event, which is Antoine Douglas taking on Gary O'Sullivan for the vacant WBO inter-continental middleweight title. The HBO telecast will begin with Cletus ‘The Hebrew Hammer' Sedlin making his return to the ring just three weeks after a sensational knockout victory.”
David Lemieux, Opening Statements: “I am very excited about this chance to become a world champion again. It's been a great camp. I am more excited just to get the chance to lay my hands on Saunders. He's got a big mouth. I just hope his fighting matches his mouth. He'd better be prepared because it won't be easy for him. Actually, it will be Hell for him. If it goes a full twelve rounds, then that's unfortunate for him. I'll leave the ring with the WBO world title.”
WBO World Middleweight Champion Billy Joe Saunders, Opening Statements: “The champ is here. The champ alone. Training camp was very, very good. I am in the best shape ever. No excuses. This will be a great fight and I'll give David a bit of a beating.”
Lemieux on his loss to Golovkin and showdown with Saunders: “I am older and wiser than I was then. If you put Golovkin back in front of me now, then it's a whole different scenario. I don't think this fight with Saunders will be too difficult for me. I'm in the best shape of my career and I am going to surprise a lot a people.”
On his dislike for Saunders: “I'm going to make him pay in the ring. He can't run away for twelve rounds. His character and who he is, I don't like him.”
Saunders on fighting outside of the U.K. for the first time: “I go to enemy territory all the time. I fought Andy Lee in enemy territory. That was English, Irish and Scottish. I've seen David fight and I think he's weak in the mind. Bring a blindfold and put it on me and I'll still beat him. That's how confident I am.”
On Lemieux's record: “Yeah, he knocks out bums and old men. He fought bums all the way up to Golovkin. Curtis Stevens is nothing special. He got spanked by Golovkin and he didn't win a round against him.”
On the significance of a win: “I want whoever is next. I would love to fight Canelo Alvarez. I believe that styles make fights. If David Lemieux beats me fair and square, then I'll shake his hand. I don't want a ‘Canelo/Golovkin' decision. I think it will be fair from these judges but David has already said that he's going to knock me out.”
“When I win this fight, I want Canelo. That's the one you need to win to be a superstar. I'll go to Las Vegas or wherever they want me to go. I'm not in it for money or anything else. There will be no slip-ups on Saturday night.”
David Lemieux on facing Canelo or Golovkin: “These are names that will come up sooner or later, so I'll be ready when the time comes.”
“If you look at the losses I've suffered, there's only one that matters. The other ones are early in my career. I still don't believe that I lost that fight to Alcine. The first step is to get that WBO title and then we can talk about Golovkin or Canelo.”
Saunders on the same: “I know Golovkin and Canelo hold the ace cards. If them two aren't fighting and I beat one of Oscar De La Hoya's fighters, then I want to face Canelo.”
Billy Joe on going to Canada: “David's team wouldn't come to England. Traveling is nothing for me. I've been boxing all over the world since I was a 16-year-old. I've seen David at his extreme best and that doesn't worry me. Boxing is a dangerous sport. One punch can change everything. I have to be on my game.”
“When I come to someone's backyard, I'll leave no stone unturned. There is no better Billy Joe Saunders showing up there on Saturday night.”
Yabba Dabba Doo! An iconic "modern stone-age" family home in Hillsborough is getting a facelift.SKY7 was above the famous "Flintstones House" off Berryessa Way.The whimsical home, named for its resemblance to the prehistoric dwelling of 1960s cartoon character Fred Flintstone, was purchased in May for $2.8 million.The new owner has installed giant prehistoric animal sculptures and statues, including Flintstone and his pet dinosaur "Dino."
WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. official says prominent Washington-based academic Victor Cha is no longer being considered for the post of U.S. ambassador to South Korea.
Cha, a former White House official, had been expected for months to be nominated to the high-profile post in Seoul that has remained vacant for the past year.
In a commentary published late Tuesday in The Washington Post, Cha voiced opposition to conducting a preventive military strike against North Korea over its nuclear weapons. He said that has been suggested by some Trump administration officials and would put thousands of Americans at risk.
The U.S. official would not elaborate on the reasons for Cha's withdrawal. The official was not authorized to comment publicly and requested anonymity.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The moving musical tribute by two young men in Ellesmere Port to the victims of the Manchester terror atrocity has now attracted 103,000 hits on Facebook.
The lyrics for Until We Meet Again came from 18-year-old singer/songwriter Danny Boyle while the video was in the hands of George Greenaway.
Danny said: “Music has always been a passion and something I feel strongly about doing as my career.
“The reason I wanted to write a song was because the tragic events took place at a concert at a music venue and so many fans went to enjoy themselves and sing their favourite songs.
(Photo: UGC TCH)
“It felt close to me being a singer/songwriter as well and I felt helpless that so many innocent lives were taken and I felt I had to do something.”
George, who runs the popular George Greenaway internet show, said: “It is a wonderful song and it really does show how heartbreaking it is to lose someone.”
Megan Magee posted ‘This is so unbelievably beautiful Danny! It made me cry' while Shemsah Farooq said: “So moving.....so beautiful.”
The video can be seen at https://www.facebook.com/dannyboylemusic/videos/913793032095471.
Simona Halep suffered a scare but eventually triumphed 2-6 6-1 6-1 in her delayed first-round match against Alison Riske at the French Open.
The weather in Paris saw Halep's opener pushed back to Wednesday and she rode out an early storm to book her place in the second round.
Caroline Wozniacki's progression to round three was far more straightforward in a 6-1 6-0 demolition of Georgina Garcia Perez, while Petra Kvitova was similarly emphatic in beating Lara Arruabarrena 6-0 6-4.
In the doubles, the Williams sisters had to come from behind to advance to the next stage.
HALEP RUNS THE RISKE
World number one Halep put her slow start down to nerves.
"I felt the nerves," she said. "I didn't feel the pressure, because I know that every match is tough at this tournament, so I don't expect anything.
"But what I expect from myself is to go there and to play as I play in practice. So, this is the only one thing that I'm following and I want to have on court.
"The result, it's going to come if I play well. If not, I just have to fight and to try to not give up even one point."
WOZNIACKI OFF TO A FLYER
Wozniacki took just 51 minutes to book her place in the third round, where she will face wildcard Pauline Parmentier, who upset Alize Cornet on Wednesday.
The Dane could be forgiven for wishing her match took a little longer, allowing her more of an opportunity to get used to the surface and the atmosphere.
But second seed Wozniacki disagreed when that point was put to her after the match.
"Definitely not. I wish all my matches were like this and I could win with this scoreline," she said.
LUCKY FOR SOME...
Kvitova's win against Arruabarrena gave her a 13th consecutive victory on clay and she says the hand injury sustained during a robbery at her home at the end of 2016 is not bothering her.
"My hand, it's great, it's not painful at all," she said. "I don't think I have any secret. I just worked pretty hard to get ready physically. Not only for the clay. It's been already from the off-season.
"But obviously on the clay it's a little bit different, and I had a great preparation, as well.
"I wasn't injured, so I really could go for it. So far it's really working well.
"I think the game has to be really changing a little bit on the clay, as well, and not really going that much for the winners. Yeah, so far I'm really glad with that."
WILLIAMS SISTERS COME FROM BEHIND
Serena Williams made a successful return to grand slam singles tennis on Tuesday but endured a scare in the doubles competitions with sister Venus on Wednesday.
The American siblings had to come from behind Japanese duo Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato.
Monroeville, PA (WYTV)-The Kennedy Catholic boys are heading to their third-straight state championship after the Golden Eagles topped Bishop Carroll Monday night 77-30.
KC went on a 12-0 run in the first quarter, then a 31-0 run in the third to pace the way for the win.
It is the Golden Eagles 14th-straight state tournament win and was their fourth-straight trip to the Western Final.
Junior Maceo Austin led the way with 24 points while Mattia Acunzo notched 19 and Oscar Tshiebwe had 16.
KC advances to the state championship game Thursday afternoon at 2PM in Hershey at the Giant Center where they will face Lourdes Regional.
100.7-Star welcomes “Waitress” to the Benedum Center, March 6th – 11th. Tickets are on sale now. Click here to buy tickets.
Listen at these times to win tickets:
Saturday
9:45-10a
10:30-10:45a
1-1:15p
3:30-3:45p
6:30-6:45p
Sunday
11:30-11:45a
12:45-1p
1:30-1:45p
3:30-3:45p
7:15-7:30p
SAN DIEGO — Cameron Neubauer scored a season-high 17 points and Isaiah Pineiro added 16 to lead San Diego to a 79-51 victory over Northern Arizona on Saturday night.
Neubauer made four 3-pointers and all five of his free throws. Pineiro was 5-of-9 shooting and 5 of 6 from the line. Tyler Williams made three 3s and chipped in 11 points for San Diego (7-2), which has won two straight.
Gino Littles scored 13 points and Jojo Anderson added 11 to lead Northern Arizona (2-8).
San Diego opened the game on a 15-0 run before Littles made a 3-pointer with 11:32 left in the first half. Neubauer made two 3-pointers, Williams hit another 3 and Pineiro scored on a dunk and the Toreros led 26-3 on their way to a 38-18 halftime advantage. San Diego started the second half on a 9-0 surge and cruised form there.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa — South Africa fast bowler Kagiso Rabada has had his two-test ban overturned on appeal and will be available for the remainder of the series against Australia.
Test cricket's No. 1-ranked bowler was initially banned for the third and fourth tests after being found guilty of two charges of misconduct for aggressive wicket celebrations in the second test in Port Elizabeth.
Rabada's first offence, of intentionally bumping into Australia captain Steve Smith after dismissing him in the first innings, earned him three demerit points and took him over a disciplinary threshold. That led to an automatic two-test ban.
Michael Heron, who heard the appeal, said he couldn't be “comfortably satisfied” that Rabada intended to make contact with Smith and found him not guilty of the charge under the International Cricket Council's code of conduct.
Heron instead found the 22-year-old Rabada guilty of a lower-level offence and issued him with a one demerit point penalty and 25 per cent of his match fee.
“I consider the conduct was inappropriate, lacked respect for his fellow player and involved non-deliberate and minor contact,” Heron said in a statement Tuesday. “The actions contravened the principle that a dismissed batsman should be left alone.”
Rabada was voted player of the match after taking 11 wickets series-levelling win in South Africa at Port Elizabeth and his availability for the third test in Cape Town starting Thursday is a boost for the hosts.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) - As the government's “New Southbound Policy” has entered into full force and effect, Taiwan is aiming for deeper trade relations with India, an economic bright spot that has enjoyed remarkable growth in recent years.
The policy, which aims to strengthen Taiwan's trade and economic ties with a total of 18 countries in South and Southeast Asia, has underlined India as one of the six targeted countries to be included in the first phase.
India, the second-most populous country and the most populous democracy in the world, is also one of the most promising economies. Its economic growth is forecast to be between 6.75 percent and 7.5 percent in the coming financial year, according to official estimates.
In fact, India is projected to replace the United States as the world's second largest economy after China by 2050.
In a report by the international professional services firm PwC released last week, it claims that by 2050, emerging economies will be the driving force of global economic growth, while India, Vietnam, and Bangladesh could be the three fastest growing economies.
“India will drive the shift in global economic power and could overtake the U.S. to be the world's second largest economy in PPP (purchasing power parity) terms by 2050,” the report said.
While India is projected to continue its current strong growth rates, Taiwan has wasted no time in trying to build closer ties with the seventh-largest economy in the world.
Last week, a parliamentary delegation from Taiwan visited India to engage with their counterparts, an effort to increase parliamentary exchange and further assist the government in structuring the policy.
Business-wise, the Times of India reported last Friday that the Taiwan-based contract electronics maker Wistron Corp. (緯創) has announced its plan to set up a plant in India to roll out iPhones for tech giant Apple Inc.
On the other hand, Foxconn Technology Group, the world's largest contract electronics maker as well as Apple's major iPhone supplier, has already entered India a couple of years ago with operations in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu, and Navi Mumbai in Maharashtra, according to the report.
In January, Taiwan's Representative to India, Tien Chung-kwang（田中光）, noted in a media interview the convergence of interest between the two nations.
While both share concerns over China's assertiveness, India's “Act East Policy”, introduced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an upgrade to the former “Look East Policy”, aims to bolster extensive strategic and economic ties with East and Southeast Asian countries.
The policy shares a critical mutual interest with Taiwan's “New Southbound Policy,” said Tien, adding that it is now in the best interest of both nations to pursue stronger bilateral ties.
2018 marks the year we wave goodbye to a number of retail and restaurant brands, with the likes of Toys R Us, Maplin and Carpetright being just a few of the biggest names who are closing down.
High street retail giants Debenhams and House of Fraser recently announced plans to close a number of their department stores resulting in hundreds of job losses, while eateries Prezzo and Jamie's Italian are also shutting some of their branches.
British Home Stores was founded in 1928 and managed an impressive 88 years of trading
With online shopping and services such as Deliveroo and Just Eat providing consumers with a more convenient alternative to trawling the city centre streets, it's likely these won't be the last closures of 2018.
Here are a few other big brands we've bid farewell to over the years.
Allders
It was once one of the biggest retail chains in the UK but after running into financial difficulties, the company went into administration in 2005 with all but one of its 45 stores forced into closure.
Allders department store closed down in 2005, after the company went into administration
The Croydon store continued trading until 2012 after it was purchased by Harold Tillman, owner of the fashion chain Jaegar, but it was later closed for good on 17 January 2013.
Woolworths
Famed for its pick 'n' mix sweets, school clothing and stationary offering, Woolworths may have been a popular stop on the high street but it was forced into administration in 2008, after struggling with £385 million of debt.
Its 800 stores were closed down and more than 27,000 people lost their jobs.
Renting videos, DVD and games is now a thing of the past, thanks to the rise of online streaming
Blockbuster
It may now be considered old school, but heading out to rent a DVD on an evening was the thing to do before online streaming came about.
It was once the place go for entertainment, but it met its demise in 2013 and its 528 stores are no more.
Lewis's
The British sports retailer met it end in 2012 after its share collapsed to 1.2 million
Opened in Liverpool 1856, Lewis's was a much loved department store and its flagship home store served as the location of the world's first Christmas grotto in 1879, entitled 'Christmas Fairyland'.
The company went into administration several times over the years, but it saw its final day on 29 May 2010 having been hit by the recession and been unable to compete with rival brands.
BHS
It managed an impressive 88 years of trading, but the clothing and houseware stores presence on the high street came to an end in 2016 having failed to meet competition posed by other brands.
However, a website is still up and running and offers plenty of bargain prices.
JJB Sports
The sports retailer was the place to go for all of the latest active wear and sport equipment, but it met its end in 2012 having dropped from being worth £500 million in 2010 to a mere £1.2 million just two years later.
Rival retailer, Sports Direct, bought the brand name, website and twenty stores in October 2012 for a cost of £28.3 million, saving around 550 jobs.
Comet
The electrical retailer saw its final day on 18 December 2012 after a long 79 years of trading.
Its 236 stores were closed and its bitter end cost the government around £49 million in redundancy payments.
Zavvi
It once boasted more than 100 stores around the UK, but the entertainment retailer - originally Virgin Megastore - vanished from the high street in 2009, although its website is still up and running today.
Borders
Having suffered from competition posed by online retailers and cut-price supermarkets, Borders bookshop met its last chapter in 20009, with financial difficulties leading to the closure of its 45 UK stores.
Ever since the promotional campaign for superhero extravaganza Avengers: Infinity War began in earnest, one question has been at the top of people's minds – where's Hawkeye?
Advertisement
You see, despite being a founding Avenger, Jeremy Renner's bowmaster has been noticeably absent from the trailers, posters and other promotional material for the new film, leading many fans to wonder whether he's actually in the finished movie at all.
Directing brothers Joe and Anthony Russo have since assured fans that Hawkeye has a role to play in the story, but he's not even the only noticeable omission in the new film, with the likes of Paul Rudd's Ant-Man, Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie and Samuel L Jackson's Nick Fury also largely absent from the footage and images we've seen thus far.
So where is everyone? Well, the Russos have now hinted that anyone missing you were hoping to see in Avengers: Infinity War will still probably be a part of the story – it just might be the case that we have to wait until the film's untitled sequel is released next year before we see them join the fight in earnest.
“We sat down and we found a way to work everybody in – but we have two movies that we're working with,” Joe Russo told RadioTimes.com for a new video interview (above), where he acknowledged the absence of Hawkeye from promo material.
“So we figured out a way to bring everybody that we wanted to bring into the storytelling, I think in ways that felt satisfying to us, and so we're happy with who we got to work with.”
And of course, Ant-Man's absence can partially be explained by the fact that he has his own solo movie (with Evangeline Lilly's The Wasp) coming out this summer. Assuming Avengers: Infinity War ends on a cliffhanger, wouldn't it be weird for Ant-Man to just zip off, have his own adventure then tap back in for the big finale?
More likely, Ant-Man will take place slightly before the events of Infinity War, and conclude with the miniaturised hero going to join the fight for part two – and in any case, according to the Russos Ant-Man and The Wasp's storyline will be more preoccupied with his last onscreen appearance in 2016's Captain America: Civil War.
“Civil War has a big impact on everything to follow it,” Joe Russo told us.
“In that movie there are characters who are on the wrong side of the government, the US government. And so the audience will get to see how everyone responded to being on the wrong side, and what decisions they made to allow them to move forward in their lives.”
In other words, some heroes' choices led them up to where we find them in Infinity War, while Ant-Man's led him to where he appears in Ant-Man and the Wasp. We just hope he can sort himself out in time to zip over to the big battle, then easily shrink the Infinity Gauntlet until it's too small for Thanos to wear and permanently save the day.
Wait, unless THAT's why they're keeping him out of the action…
This article was originally published on the 18th April
Advertisement
Avengers: Infinity War will be released in UK cinemas on the 26th April
The People' Democratic Party is irked by Catriona Laing's unrepentant nauseating conduct, that coming from a diplomat and one from a country which is known for strong democratic practices.
In a shocking move she liked a tweet from a shady character, one Ali Naka who suggested that too many freedoms have been extended for Zimbabweans and they needed to be trimmed.
She unashamedly liked the tweet and then lied with a straight face that the action was a matter of “clumsy finger scrolling”.
The world knows that all the actions on tweeter are deliberative when one likes, re-tweets or blocks someone it is a matter of choice in which case Laing made a choice, one which she is however unable to defend.
We believe the international community has a role to play in the strengthening of our democracy not in weakening it , we also support intervention as opposed to interference.
We find Laing's conduct in the past few years to be continuously excessive, deliberately offensive, extremely biased and retrogressive. She is always offside.
The people of Zimbabwe are only enjoying that which is provided in a bill of rights which millions of Zimbabweans voted for in a referendum. To suggest that constitutional rights are excessive is totalitarian and fascist.
An individual of her standing must be advocating for the strengthening of these rights specifically the ones that are under the threat of being taken away by autocrats.
Democrats are in court fighting against an imposition of a blanket ban on demonstrations, these are rights at risk of being taken away, to then suggest that rights are excessive is an insult to the spirit and letter of our constitution.
Laing must just come out in the open and tell Zimbabweans that she is rooting for ZANUPF, she is the same person who donned the ED Scarf arguing that it is the Zimbabwean flag, the same person who was at the centre of the LIMA plan with intentions of not only violating Zimbabwean debt laws but also international laws particularly on uniform treatment of creditors.
At some point she Laing called the United States state department in Washington directly skipping the local ambassador in an attempt to get support on her agenda, we find this unrepentant behavior unacceptable.
The British Embassy was also at the centre of lies around the voters roll changing their statement many times , these features are uncharacteristic of a neutral player.
After events of November 2017, Zimbabwe is fragile and facing too many risks, the world must be assisting in guarding against degeneration; reckless behavior from diplomats can however lead into chaos.
A credible election is one step towards answering many national questions specifically one vaccinating the country from yet another episode of military tanks being rolled back into the streets of major cities.
Energy must therefore be directed in demanding transparency and fairness in the ongoing electoral process including affording the opposition equal access to public media.
The call for stability over democracy is mistaken and meddling with internal democratic processes is also not a place for a foreign head of mission, we urge Laing not to stoop that low.
Together Another Zimbabwe is Possible
PDP Communications
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Dear White People return, while Martin Freeman's new horror film Cargo and hit ITV reality series Love Island also arrive
There is a whole load of great British telly arriving on Netflix this month.
Advertisement
From classics such as Men Behaving Badly and Cold Feet to Poldark series two and the first two series of ITV2's hit reality show Love Island, there will be no shortage of fine TV to get you through May.
On top of this, two fine Netflix comedies, The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Dear White People, return, while Martin Freeman's hotly anticipated new horror film Cargo, which sees him attempting to shepherd his young daughter to safety during a zombie apocalypse, also arrive.
Find out about everything coming to Netflix UK this May below.
Tuesday 1st May
Men Behaving Badly: seasons 1-6 Martin Clunes and Neil Morrissey star as washed-up bachelors in this classic sitcom
Cold Feet: seasons 1-6 Dig into every episode of the original run of James Nesbitt's classic dramedy, plus the first season of its revival
Love Island: seasons 1 & 2 The feel good hit of last summer is here for your viewing pleasure
John Mulaney: Kid Gorgeous Live at Radio City new standup special from the hilarious former SNL writer
Sometimes Seven strangers anxiously waiting for their HIV test results decide to bribe the clinic receptionist to get them early, learning one is positive
Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise Documentary about the remarkable writer, poet, actress and activist Maya Angelou
Thursday 3rd May
The Durrells: season 1 ITV drama about a wealthy family living on Corfu
Friday 4th May
Dear White People: volume 2 Second series of the drama based on Justin Simien's acclaimed film of the same name
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman: Tina Fey The 30 Rock and SNL star shoots the breeze with the legendary chat show host
A Little Help with Carol Burnett Comedy legend Carol Burnett helps kids dish out advice to celebrities in front of a live audience
RuPaul's Drag Race season 10 The world's most fabulous reality show is back
The Rain: season 1 The threat, in this Danish series, comes from the sky. British people are definitely in trouble, then…
End Game A documentary about cutting-edge medical practitioners from Oscar-winning filmmakers Rob Epstein and Jeffery Friedman.
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby More silliness from Will Ferrell and Sacha Baron Cohen
Sunday 6th May
Poldark: season 2 Beloved period melodrama from the BBC, starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson
Friday 11th May
Bill Nye Saves the World: season 3 The legendary TV scientist returns for more of his Netflix series
Taxi Driver You're talkin' to me? Robert De Niro hits the road in this classic movie
Evil Genius: the True Story of America's Most Diabolical Bank Heist Documentary about a pizza delivery man who robbed a bank and was then killed by a bomb fastened around his neck.
The Kissing Booth Teen melodrama starring Molly Wringwald
Sunday 13th May
Ali Wong: Hard Knock Wife The comedian performs her second stand-up special while heavily pregnant. Released on US Mother's Day.
Thursday 17th May
Designated Survivor season 2 The final episode of the current run starring Kiefer Sutherland. He's already hinted to RadioTimes.com what could happen in season three…
Friday 18th May
Cargo Martin Freeman leads this horror film about a father's attempt to ensure his daughter's safety in a world overrun by zombies
The Social Network The biopic about Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg from director David Fincher hits the internet. Isn't it time for a sequel?
The Punisher The 2004 movie version of the Marvel story sees Thomas Jane star as the brutal superhero. Note, this is not the second season of the Netflix TV series
Tuesday 22nd May
Tig Notaro: Happy To Be Here Playful stand-up special from the US comic
Wednesday 23rd May
Explained New weekly series spotlighting topical issues such as the gender wage gap
Thursday 24th May
Fauda: season 2 The Israeli political thriller returns
Friday 25th May
The Toys That Made Us: season 2 Documentary series focusing on the history of important toy lines and their cultural impact
Steve Martin and Martin Short: An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life The veteran comedians team up for a variety of musical sketches, stand-up and conversation
Ibiza Original film which sees three best friends hunt for a DJ in Barcelona. Stars Gillian Jacobs and Vanessa Bayer
Sunday 27th May
The Break with Michelle Wolf Former The Daily Show correspondent gets her own weekly half hour series
Pan Hugh Jackman leads an updated take on the Peter Pan story
Monday 28th May
Maggie's Plan Greta Gerwig regrets getting involved with a married man (Ethan Hawke)
Wednesday 20th May
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: season 4 Kimmy gets a job at a tech start-up as Netflix's beloved comedy original returns
Advertisement
Thursday 31st May
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: Howard Stern The long-serving US radio host is the second guest to be interviewed by Letterman in May
When you manage to harvest your kaimoana, what do you do with it?
Tonight we talk to Davina Thompson from Whakatāne who endeavours to serve up the sea's best with a healthy spin.
From shelling muscles, to making fried bread and laying it all out for their eager customers.
Davina Thompson had no idea how popular her shop would be and is now thinking of bringing more staff in to meet the demands over their Maori spin on kai.
Davina Thompson says, "We're introducing a kairākau menu, so we're working alongside our cousin Krishna, so the kairākau is going to be like atua kai organic kai."
This year Wharekai will focus more on organic kai with many benefits.
Thompson says, "Kai that's going to support or awhi our whanau with diabetes and obesity and heart disease, so this year as we get more along we're going to be introducing our kairākau menu."
Smoke Kahawai pies are also another favourite at the café, selling more than 280 homemade kahawai pies a week.
If they can keep up the energy and their creative ideas, it will see them well into the future.
The Premier League is getting closer to the implementation of a mid-season break after the Football Association (FA) chief executive Martin Glenn claimed it will "very soon" be introduced.
A period of rest has been a regular topic of debate in English football over the last 10 years or so, with some putting the country's international failings down to the lack of respite afforded to players during the campaign.
All of the other top five European leagues have breaks over the Christmas period, while coaches and players brought to England from abroad have often suggested changes should be made to bring English football into line with other countries.
Although it was not confirmed when precisely in the calendar the break will take place, it has been reported that a two-week rest will allow players time to recuperate after the usually hectic festive schedule.
Addressing FA councillors, Glenn said: "We're working closer and more collaboratively with the professional game than at any time in recent years.
"Very soon this will pay dividends with the creation of a mid-season break, which is a much-needed improvement for our clubs and England teams."
Sevilla have received no offer from Barcelona for centre-back Clement Lenglet and are in talks with the Frenchman regarding a contract extension that will increase his release clause, according to club president Jose Castro.
Lenglet has gained many admirers since joining Sevilla from Nancy in January 2017, quickly securing a first-team role under Jorge Sampaoli and remaining a key figure this season, playing 35 times – more than any of his team-mates – in LaLiga.
Reports of Barça's interest were prominent for much of the campaign and there have even been claims the club already have an agreement with Lenglet.
But Castro insists he sees no reason not to be optimistic about Sevilla's talks over a possible contract extension for Lenglet, as they hope to increase his €30million release clause.
Speaking at the presentation of new coach Pablo Machin, Castro said: "We have no record of Lenglet having an agreement with any other club and we have no reason to think that he will leave Seville.
"The news that comes out can come out. The meetings we've had are to increase his clause and renew.
"We will continue talking and we will meet again in a few days, but at no time has he told us about other clubs or any offer.
"We do not know of offers neither through the representative nor from any club, aside from what we read in the media."
If Lenglet does remain at Sevilla, he will begin the new season with a fifth coach in a year and a half at the club, with Machin following in the footsteps of Jorge Sampaoli, Eduardo Berizzo, Vincenzo Montella and Joaquin Caparros, who is now director of football.
And Machin expressed great confidence in his own abilities during his presentation to the local media on Wednesday.
"So far I have always fulfilled the objectives that I have been asked, sometimes even surpassed them," Machin told reporters.
"I know perfectly the club that I come to and that I am responsible for putting Sevilla back where it deserves to be. I am completely prepared."
Subscribe on iTunes | Soundcloud | Android
**To give you a heads-up, just in case you are not comfortable listening to such topics being talked about, I talk about being assaulted (obviously not in graphic detail or in fact much detail), as well as being sexually and racially harassed in not one, but two jobs, and being stalked, harassed and assaulted at university.**
Recently I've heard a number of stories where the person had been mistreated in some way, often quite seriously, whether it was at work or in a personal capacity and they'd decided to stay quiet because, well, they don't want to ‘make a scene'. Time and again I see people making decisions and it invariably leads to heartbreak–their own.
So, in this week's episode of The Baggage Reclaim Sessions, I felt that it was time to speak out about speaking out. As a recovering people pleaser who has kept my silence in minor and very serious circumstances out of fear of making waves, of alienating, of making others, including the perpertrators feel bad, of being seen to be ‘difficult' and other such things, I'm all too familiar with this struggle. We imagine that we're going to literally or figuratively torch, for an example, an errant ex's belongings just like Angela Bassett's character in Waiting To Exhale (still love this film!).
But often, our idea of ‘making a scene' and being ‘difficult' in using their voice to utter, “This happened. I didn't like it. It made me uncomfortable. It was wrong because _________”.
I felt that it was time to talk about some extremely difficult experiences that each resulted in me eventually speaking up for myself regardless of what the ‘repercussions' might be, and how I gradually came to appreciate myself for doing so.
Speaking up and yes, sometimes speaking out, means representing who we are. It does mean standing up for ourselves, advocating for us and basically having our own back.
Speaking up for one's self is something that many people struggle with, especially us people pleasers, recovering and otherwise, but we gradually learn, often through painful experiences, that habitual silence gradually crushes our souls.
We're not meant to suffer.
The right thing is not always the easy thing. We often think it's easier to be silent or to be super nice about something, but then we privately give ourselves a hard time for not having had our back.
What is also clear from the many stories I hear, never mind what I read in the media, is that the shady people of this world are often reliant on us being nice (read: not making ‘waves' by calling them on their BS and creating natural consequences).
They think our kind, loving, compassionate, sometimes over-empathetic ways will extend to giving them a free pass.
When the friend I referred to in the podcast had the new boss who had screwed her over, praise her for being so “nice” about things, it lit a fire in her belly because she realised that this person was mistaking her kindness for weakness. It resulted in her getting a massive payout instead of her accepting a lesser role than what she'd been in prior to her maternity leave.
I've also learned from firsthand experience and events of recent years that shady folk don't get away with their actions. They invariably overplay their hand because they think they're outwitting everyone, that they're clever, invincible, beyond the law or disapproval, and that is never the case.
Karma doesn't work on our beat, our set timeline, but it does come around in due course.
I want to stress that I don't think speaking out about discrimination, harassment, assault, abuse and the like are ‘easy'–my experiences have been quite the opposite–but I also know that it is precisely because more and more people have spoken out, started to question and overturn old norms, that we're confronting the emotional baggage of society.
At the same time though, it's also important for those of us who have been through these experiences that it hasn't always been possible to speak up and we have very specific reasons for not having done so. We don't need to shame us over having kept our silence but we do need to acknowledge the impact of that silence or the events themselves on our wellbeing and self-esteem, so that we can take care of ourselves.
I hope that what I share in today's episode helps at least a few people feel less alone, to stop blaming themselves, to stop trying to work out what they did to ‘make' someone else violates their boundaries.
Links mentioned
>> The Little Girl Who Lost Her “No” by Amy M. Starkey
>> Ashley Judd in the New York Times
>> Episode 96 about my social media diet
>> The episode where I briefly talk about having received an out-of-the-blue apology from my mother for not believing me about the assault.
>> Ask A Manager: I Ghosted My Ex and She's About To Be My New Boss
Next stop
If you enjoyed the show, please share the episode – every little helps. Email someone who you think this show is relevant to or use the share buttons at the top and bottom of this episode.
Subscribe and/or leave a review on iTunes (how-to guide here)–it really helps in growing the show! If you're new to podcasts, find out more about what they are and how to subscribe with this handy guide.
Have a great weekend!
Revealed: How Big Brother Naija Made Billions From Nigerians But Gave Winner Just 25 Million Naira #BBNaija
The Big Brother Naija (BBNaija) reality show has captivated Nigerians for the past 3 months with millions of viewers tuning in and voting for their favorite housemates.
Nigerians voted because they wanted their favorite BBNaija housemate to win the prize money of 25 million Naira, what most Nigerians were oblivious to be the fact that their voting made billions of Naira for the organizers.
During the BBNaija finale, Ebuka mentioned that 170 Million votes were cast this season. If a vote is 30 Naira, this could result to 5.1 Billion Naira earned by the organizers. If we apply the argument that only a third of the BBNaija votes were by SMS this would still result in a whooping 1.7 Billion Naira generated.
After the Telcos take their share the earnings for the BBNaija organizers would still be very significant. It would also be interesting to point out that the millions of Naira earned from advertising and sponsorship should be enough to cover the costs of the show.
The Big Brother Naija organizers have hyped the fact that the winner Miracle Ikechukwu would be walking away with 25 Million Naira in cash but they haven't informed the public of the consolation prizes for 1st runner-up Cynthia Nwadiora (Cee-C) and second runner-up Tobi Bakre.
It would be unfair if these two won't be walking away with anything from Big Brother Naija since they were the driving force behind the drama that made billions of Naira for the BBNaija organizers.
We would watch as the BBNaija post show drama unfolds and bring more updates on this.
Please share your thoughts on this below.
The post Revealed: How Big Brother Naija Made Billions From Nigerians But Gave Winner Just 25 Million Naira #BBNaija appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Federal Judge In Texas Stops Obama's Transgender Mandate Cold… Americans Cheer!
Obama has dedicated the last eight years of his life to turning America upside down and inside out in every possible way, at every possible turn. That's why Americans are so excited about the federal judge in Texas finally putting his foot down on the President's liberal agenda.
Despite numerous and extremely vocal objections to his progressive agenda, Obama has insisted on forcing states to comply with his “transgender rights” push.
The Blaze reported on U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor's current and past injunctions regarding Obama's transgender actions, including forcing women to allow men into their public bathrooms.
The latest injunction signed by U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor comes four months after he blocked a higher-profile new set of transgender protections — a federal directive that required public schools to let transgender students use bathrooms consistent with their gender identity. Several of the Republican-controlled states that brought that lawsuit, including Texas, also sued over the health regulations that were finalized in May. Civil rights groups had hailed the new health rules as groundbreaking anti-discrimination protections. The Transgender Legal Defense & Education Fund said the new U.S. Health and Human Services regulations advised that certain forms of transgender discrimination by doctors, hospitals and insurers violated the Affordable Care Act. But a coalition of religious medical organizations said the rules could force doctors to help with gender transition contrary to their religious beliefs or medical judgment. O'Connor agreed in his 46-page ruling, saying the rules place “substantial pressure on Plaintiffs to perform and cover transition and abortion procedures.” The rules were set to take effect Sunday. “Plaintiffs will be forced to either violate their religious beliefs or maintain their current policies which seem to be in direct conflict with the Rule and risk the severe consequences of enforcement,” O'Connor wrote.
Is this a good idea, or it is just paving the way for more trouble from the “tolerance” crowd? I'm getting pretty tired of being told what I should be “open-minded” about from people who will label you racist the instant you have a thought of which they don't approve.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: dailyguideafrica.com
2017-08-14
Mr. Osei-Mensah said government intends to work with the leadership of the various universities
The Ashanti Regional Minister, Simon Osei-Mensah has stated that Government considers technical and vocational education crucial in its quest to revolutionize the industrial landscape of the country.
According to him, dynamism on the industrial front will not only grow the economy but will effectively help solve the current unemployment situation in the country.
“Government will, therefore, do everything possible to accord these courses the necessary impetus to make them viable in the country. These vigorous measures will be adopted to change the mind set of Ghanaians towards technical and vocational education,” he indicated.
Addressing the 21st congregation ceremony of the University of Education, Kumasi campus, the Regional Minister declared government's commitment to developing the nation's universities into world class institutions and educational places of excellences.
“Education, and tertiary education, in particular, is very critical in the development and growth of any country, and Ghana is no exception. However, it is significant to note that we have many of our graduates remain jobless even after several years of completion of their programmes.”
“This unfortunate perennial problem has brought to the fore the relevance and suitability of some of the courses offered in our universities to the working environment and in our fast paced global economy,” he noted.
Mr. Osei-Mensah said government intended to explore all avenues and work with the leadership of the various universities on how these institutions would be equipped to train the required human capital for the nation.
“The business friendly posture of the government should also stimulate the entrepreneurial vigour of our graduates to start their own businesses,” he intimated and added the government was in the process of putting the economy on the right footing so as to enable businesses to thrive and become competitive.
“I wish to take this opportunity to urge our graduates to eschew all the attitudes that will both destroy their future endeavours and impugn negatively on our national development. With commitment, hard work, integrity and discipline, the future would be both bright and limitless,” he declared.
CLEVELAND — Kevin Love stared at the brace encasing his broken left hand. Days later, he's still in disbelief.
For the second year in a row, Cleveland's forward will miss the All-Star Game — and a chunk of the season — with a significant injury.
“It's frustrating,” said Love, who could be sidelined two months. “It's not just All-Star, it's missing time. It just seems like (bad) luck, really. I don't know how to categorize it, I really don't. Injuries are injuries, but like a significant injury. It's just one of those unlucky (bad) luck kind of things.”
Love has watched replays of Tuesday's game in Detroit, but he still can't determine exactly the moment when he broke his hand in the first quarter.
If there's any positive, it's that Love will not have to undergo surgery and he'll be able to do some ball handling drills and remain in decent shape. The medical staff's timeline means he'll return with two weeks left in the regular season.
That's not a lot of time to get ready for the playoffs, but Love thinks it will be enough.
In the meantime, he's trying to put the injury behind him. That's been difficult.
“I'm down, still down,” he said. “I guess I'm always looking for a silver lining or something that's going to keep my spirits up. I just look at it like it's my left hand, I didn't need surgery and I can still be here to support this team. I can still be around the team, I can still almost do everything besides go out there and play which obviously is what I want to be doing.”
“I can stay in shape and keep my legs underneath me and be well-rested for the playoffs.”
The injury is a major blow to the Cavs, who have been struggling and need their top rebounder and second-leading scorer.
Last season, Love missed 13 games after undergoing an arthroscopic procedure on his knee. He's now broken his left hand twice, and his right hand once.
“I should have drank more milk when I was little,” he joked, trying to make light of his latest injury. “I'm not endorsed by chocolate milk any more, that was my first year here. I don't know. Honestly I think it's just, I don't know. I looked at that myself. I thought, my hands are a big part of the sport but this is the second time I've broken my left hand. I don't know. It's crazy.”
The Cavs haven't played like a team capable of getting to the NBA Finals for the fourth straight time, but Love hasn't given up hope.
Like Love, Cleveland has been down before.
“We have so much time now,” he said. “We're not even at the All-Star break, to establish an identity. We have a track record of that in the past where it's taken us until really the last 4-to-6 weeks to the end of the season. We're hoping that's still the case with this team. Obviously there are a lot of moving parts. This is a good chance for a lot of guys to step up and play big minutes.
“Not just at my position but really throughout. I'm excited to see what these guys are able to do. For me, I'll keep going out there and supporting them and try to stay in shape throughout this whole process. And that rhythm as the previous question you asked, I'll try to get it back in however many games I have.”
The Rest Of The EPL Are Counting On Spurs To Beat Chelsea, Says Pochettino
Mauricio Pochettino has stated the other teams in the Premier League are looking to Tottenham to end Chelsea's streak.
Chelsea are top and six points clear, with 13 straight wins helping them to the top of the pile and are looking to extend that run when they face Tottenham on Wednesday.
Pochettino, however, feels the other teams want Spurs to emerge victorious and cut down the gap between the blues and the other teams.
“Maybe we will feel how Leicester felt last season – all the teams with them, against us!” Pochettino told ESPN.
“Chelsea arrive in very good shape but we are too after the last few games. It will be a very tough game but it's a great opportunity for us to stop them, try to reduce the gap.
“It's important for the Premier League for us to win, to try to stop them. In the end our challenge is to be in the top four.”
Tottenham moved into the top four on Sunday after a convincing 4-1 victory at Watford, climbing above Manchester City.
The post The Rest Of The EPL Are Counting On Spurs To Beat Chelsea, Says Pochettino appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Ruben Neves linked with Chelsea and Liverpool
Porto midfielder Ruben Neves is a summer transfer target for Chelsea and Liverpool, according to Portuguese newspaper A Bola .
The report claims the 20-year-old will be the next player off the Primeira Liga production line and says Neves is ready to make his move.
A switch to the Premier League is touted as the most likely option, with champions Chelsea and fellow Champions League qualifiers Liverpool both keen.
The defensive midfielder is comfortable on the ball and has a good range of passing.
He joined Porto as an eight-year-old in 2005. He came through the ranks at the club and has 92 senior appearances to his name over the past three seasons. He has two senior caps for the Portugal national team.
Neves are currently with the Portugal Under-21 side that is about to compete in the European Championships.
Porto have already sold Andre Silva, aged 21, to AC Milan in the current transfer window and are now set to lose another starlet.
Tall Blacks coach Paul Henare believes that the Junior Tall Blacks have the potential to go all the way. Henare will be keeping an eye on the teams' progress, and is looking to bring some of these players into camp ahead of the Asia Cup.
Many of the players who have left for Cairo are those that Henare has his eye on for the Tall Blacks.
Henare says, “There are already a few of these guys that could potentially be called up into our training camp for the Tall Blacks this year, just through getting that experience, exposure, and looking towards the future. But also because some of those players are good in their own right.”
The former Under-16, Under-19, and Junior Tall Black representative is impressed with how their coach Daryl Cartwright has taken this team from participators to competitors.
“He's doing an unbelievable job. He created history by beating the Aussies for the first time and qualifying for this tournament. That speaks volumes in itself.”
The Ngāpuhi descendant recently appointed former team-mate Paora Winitana as Basketball New Zealand's cultural advisor. Despite not yet making the Tall Blacks, Winitana has also been involved with some of these young men.
“I think he's a man of stature that can hold that responsibility in whatever it brings. And I think he's just going to be a fantastic addition to the New Zealand select team.”
While the focus for Cartwright's men is in Cairo, many of these players know that this is an opportunity to make the Tall Blacks side for the Asia Cup.
“These guys get back after their tournament in July, and we go into camp for the Tall Blacks July 20th, so there's a good chance that there could be a couple of names on the squad that could be getting the call-up this year.”
Henare has bigger challenges that he faces, which includes the availability of star NBA star Steven Adams. On the flipside, there are 12 young men playing in a global event to choose from.
Gala raises funds for South Sudan
New Zealand Herald
Mo Morgan (left) and Kath Barrett on a bench outside the church. The mosaic was made by the Sticky Fingers group with the help of mosaic artist Louise Herdman. The bench itself was made by a couple of the dads. The bench won a Love Reaches Out …
and more »
Sagay shocked as Ozekhome, others hail judgment
Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC) Chairman Prof Itse Sagay (SAN) yesterday expressed shock over Senate President Bukola Saraki's acquittal by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
He said contrary to the tribunal's position, he was convinced that the prosecution presented sufficient evidence to warrant Saraki to defend himself.
Sagay said he was concerned about Saraki's acquittal based on a no-case submission, especially coming soon after Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court, who was accused of corrupt enrichment, was also similarly discharged.
A no-case is a term in criminal law whereby a defendant seeks acquittal without having to defend himself. Under it, the defendant seeks to be discharged and acquitted on the basis that the prosecution his not adduced sufficient evidence for his trial.
Sagay said he was “thoroughly shocked” that the CCT did not consider the prosecution's evidence weighty enough as to reach call on Saraki to enter his defence.
Asked if he was bothered that Saraki's acquittal on a no-case submission came soon after that of Ademola, Sagay said: “Of course I'm concerned.”
The PACAC chairman added: “To start with, I'm shocked, because a lot of materials were put before the court. And for a court to uphold a no-case submission means that there was no prima facie case made. That's why I'm a bit shocked because I followed the proceedings very closely. But there's going to be an appeal. We'll just wait and see what happens then, but I'm thoroughly shocked, yes,” he said.
Former Lagos Branch chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Mr Chijioke Okoli (SAN) said the Federal Government seemed to be losing high profile cases involving politically exposed persons.
He attributed it to a “multiplicity of factors”, including shortcomings on the part of the prosecution and the ability of high profile suspects to hire the best defence lawyers.
Okoli, however, said the government had secured some convictions as published by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) recently.
He said: “We don't have exact statistics to deal with (on loss of high profile cases). I'm aware that recently, EFCC chair reeled out some impressive number of convictions they have secured.
“However, from an anecdotal evidence based on what we read in the papers, it does appear that the politically exposed persons seems to be getting away scot free.
“One may ask: ‘If the vast majority of politically exposed persons are getting acquitted, then is it the man on the street or you and me who are the perpetrators of this much vaunted bribery corruption?”
Activist-lawyer Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN) described the verdict as “bold, courageous and right.”
He took a swipe at the EFCC for engaging in media trial, saying the courts cannot be stampeded into convicting at all costs, despite “visible executive interference and manipulation”.
Ozekhome urged the government to put its house in order rather than claiming that “corruption is fighting back” and that the courts are against the anti corruption fight.
Committee for the Defence of Human Rights (CDHR) National President Malachy Ugwummadu urged the government's prosecutorial team to double its efforts at securing convictions.
He added: “The fight against corruption is not only effectual or effective when you arrest and arraign suspects particularly, politically exposed persons.”
Dr Paul Ananaba (SAN) and Abiodun Owonikoko (SAN) said justice had been served with Senate President Bukola Saraki's acquittal.
Ananaba said: “It is due process. The matter went on for a while and now the court has ruled on a no-case submission. That is the position now and this has become the law, the CCT having ruled that he has no case to answer. It means the case has come to an end. What CCT has done has become the law.
“You will recall that Saraki filed several applications before the CCT and even went up to the Supreme Court before coming back for trial.
“I think nobody should worry because the prosecutor knows what to do if not satisfied. The Constitution provides for appeal.
“But I think the country has a lot to worry about at this time and some of these disruptions should be avoided. The sitting of the Senate has been affected by this trial. Each time he goes to court, no serious business ever took place.
“We have an acting President now. We need the attention of our leaders to face major issues confronting the country now. I think the prosecution should look at national interest before any further step is taken.”
Owonikoko said there were lessons to be learnt.
“He's perhaps vindicated and strengthened in authority and integrity by the discharge on the merit which equates to acquittal,” Owonikoko said.
The post Sagay shocked as Ozekhome, others hail judgment appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Supreme Court is keeping in place a revised map of Pennsylvania's congressional districts, turning down a request from Republican leaders in the state Legislature.
The court's order Monday declining to put on hold the revised map comes as incumbents and potential challengers are circulating petitions to get on the May primary ballot.
The court is declining to halt a series of decisions by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court that threw out a 2011 Republican-crafted map and established a new map of the state's 18 districts.
Pennsylvania's 2011 map is generally considered among the most gerrymandered in the nation, and Democrats hope new district lines will boost their chances of reclaiming majority control of the U.S. House.
TORONTO — Canada's Walk of Fame stars might be headed to a new, nearby galaxy.
CEO Jeffrey Latimer says the Walk of Fame is in talks with a city of Toronto councillor about including the stars in a revitalization plan for the downtown John Street strip.
The area isn't far from where the stars currently lie, in the entertainment district along King Street West.
But making the granite slabs part of a more pedestrian-friendly John Street project could give them a more prominence in the area, says Latimer.
"A lot of people will walk along King Street and look down and go, 'Oh my gosh, there's a star.' They'll fall into it. They'll, by accident, find someone's star and think, 'That's cool,'" he said Wednesday in a phone interview.
"No one dislikes it — it's just not really focused."
Latimer has been making a number of changes as leader of the Walk of Fame, a role he was hired for last year. Many of those efforts have centered on raising the profile of the honour.
Having the stars in a centralized home that Toronto considers a "cultural corridor" might ensure they're better maintained by the city, which is responsible for their upkeep, he added.
"We've had different people joke that there's gum on their stars and dirt on their stars and chips in the cement," Latimer said.
"We have one big difference between Hollywood's Walk of Fame and Toronto's Walk of Fame and that's called 'winter.'"
Kcee & Wife, Ijeoma Okonkwo Celebrate 8th Wedding Anniversary, Nigerians react
Nigerian singer, Kcee is still keeping his marriage of 8 years to Ijeoma very private.
It was a real shock when the “Limpopo” master during an interview in 2014 said that Cynthia Ijeoma Oduah who he wed in March 2010, is his sister.
When images of the couple's traditional and white wedding popped on the screen, he claimed “we were shooting a movie”.
It's still puzzling that of the over 2million followers, 4,153 post on Instagram, Ijeoma's photo has never appeared.
He is following over 2000 people but not his wife.
Today is their 8th wedding anniversary, and Ijeoma, who runs an event company has shared the stunning photo above and wrote;
“8years+ #FaithfulGod #IgiveyoualltheGlory”
However, Kcee has not posted anything about it.
Nigerians took to her comment section and wrote:
nikkygold23 Congrats,more of God's blessings
flashmybox
sisiadaski Many more beautiful years together with plenty luv luv luv joy and happiness
iam_mrse Queen Mother
levotouch
henriemaccakes You look angelic!
iam_chomy1 Sweet looking mommy, wishing you God's best in every area of your life and family
uwa_owie Wow beautiful
lulusville1904 Beautiful
Source – Gistreel
The post Kcee & Wife, Ijeoma Okonkwo Celebrate 8th Wedding Anniversary, Nigerians react appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
See Photo Of Senetor Dino Melaye Sitting On The Floor While Resisting Police Arrest
The photo of Senator Dino Melaye sitting on the road while resisting police arrest has been released. According to PoliticsNGR, the photo was taken earlier today after Dino was arrested by the police for alleged possession of firearms. Dino who represents Kogi central could be seen sitting on the floor, shouting at the top of […]
The post See Photo Of Senetor Dino Melaye Sitting On The Floor While Resisting Police Arrest appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police brutality on CBU students disgusting – HH
UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema has expressed disgust at the brutal beatings some Copperbelt University (CBU) students endured at the hands of riot police officers on Friday night.
And Hichilema has accused the PF government of neglecting the education sector in preference for sectors that have direct benefits to top government officials through corruption.
Despite police denial, video footage has emerged showing police officers savagely beating an unarmed and subdued student. In the grainy 30-second clip, a male student is seen being beaten by not less than five police officers despite holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender and eventually covering his head as what appear to be planks are used to hit him.
Reacting to the latest reports of police brutality at the country's second highest learning institution, Hichilema strongly condemned the actions by police and reiterated the need for reforms in the Zambia Police Service with emphasis on modern crowd control tactics that take into account respect for human rights, fundamental freedoms and human dignity.
“We have noted with disgust, the brutal and degrading treatment with which the Zambia Police treated the Copperbelt University (CBU) Students last week,” Hichilema said in a statement made available to Zambian Eye. “These students, majority of whom, come from vulnerable families, have been denied their allowances by the same government that is violating their rights to freedom of expression.
“We strongly condemn the brutal attack by Zambia Police on unarmed students hence our insistence on the need for Zambia Police reforms with emphasis on modern crowd control tactics that take into account respect for human rights, fundamental freedoms and human dignity.”
He accused the PF of investing significant funds in sectors where the can directly benefit through corruption, why neglecting key sectors such as education.
“These issues at CBU, just like the University of Zambia (UNZA) are not new, but as usual the PF leadership has been lending a deaf ear due to misplaced priorities, economic mismanagement and corruption.
“It's clear that the PF has no plan for our education and other key sectors. They are not willing to invest any money in education and other sectors where those in leadership have no direct benefits through corruption.”
The opposition leader called of students at tertiary institution to remain hopeful as his party will provide them with quality education once elected.
“Student allowances to vulnerable people in society are an essential part in any country that has leapfrogged in human capital development.
“We would like to appeal to the students both at tertiary and secondary education to remain hopeful and steadfast as we will provide the means to have quality education for them.”
Hichilema said his party will spend public funds prudently in order to free up resources for key sectors like education.
“UPND policy on education is very clear as it derives from our focus on prudent management of public resources which will free finances for education and other social sectors.
“Instead of buying fire tenders corruptly overpriced at US$ 1 million each, ours will be to save that money and deploy it in educating our citizens, especially those from vulnerable families.
“This is because we value education and for any country to develop, it needs skills that are fit for purpose which can only be derived from quality education.
“Lastly, we sympathise with the students undergoing very difficult times under the PF, but we can assure you of not only education but also jobs once you complete your studies.”
The United States celebrates Flag Day every year on June 14.
That was the day in 1777 the Second Continental Congress adopted an official flag for the newly formed country.
The day officially became a holiday a little more than 170 years later.
Watch the video above for more history on Flag Day.
Donald W. “Don” DeGood, 88, of Marysville, died Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, at Prestige Gardens Care Center.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
By Brandan Waldrop:
Some popular trends make more sense than others. The Tide pod challenge has teens ingesting the laundry detergent and pushing the boundaries in their endless quest for likes and social media approvals in today's digital age.
YouTube has taken an initiative and removed all Tide pod challenge videos from its site completely, yet the challenge still seems to be going strong. The American Association of Poison Control Center (AAPCC) has spoken out recently as well, with a high-alert, noting that there has indeed been a significant rise in calls due to intentional ingestion of the detergent. In fact, in the month of January, there were 86 cases of intentional ingestion handled by the AAPCC, which now has Tide and US Consumer Product Safety Commission teaming up to release messages pleading that people (mostly teens) not to eat their product. As if it's not common sense already.
I find this common sense paradox humorous. I personally ignored it initially, like I do with most of the viral stupidity that trends from day to day, yet somehow this one has stayed in the spotlight for longer than I would have expected or ever hoped.
Should we keep bubble-wrapping the world for everyone in order to make it a safer place or should we just let natural selection work its magic for the sake of humanity? Perhaps I'll need to show my I.D. the next time I need to purchase laundry detergent thanks to these viral teens and their YouTube star career goals.
So I suppose the whole point of this rant, is that conventionally speaking, it's obviously a no-brainer idiotic thing to take part of, yet we as adults should perhaps not be so quick to judge and degrade others for partaking. Most of us helped create this monster in a sense by giving an iPhone to our young children in order to keep them occupied or quiet, so you have to expect this sort of ridiculous repercussions down the line, because yes, technology has advanced no doubt, but our brains still remain primitive and have yet to update along with it.
QUEBEC — Two small, left-leaning Quebec sovereigntist political parties have voted to join forces ahead of next year's provincial election.
The members of Option Nationale voted today by a strong margin to approve the merger with Quebec Solidaire.
The two parties reached an agreement in October but the deal had to be endorsed by both memberships before it is made official.
Option nationale was formed in 2011 by former Parti Quebecois member Jean-Martin Aussant after he felt the PQ was dragging its feet on the sovereignty question.
Quebec Solidaire voted in favour of the merger last week.
Quebec solidaire holds three seats in the 125-member Quebec legislature, while Option nationale holds none.
JONESBORO, Ark. — Deven Simms had 24 points to help Arkansas State hold off Georgia Southern for a 91-89 win in Sun Belt Conference action on Saturday night.
Arkansas State avenged its 80-49 loss on Georgia State's home floor in early January.
It came down to which team made the last free throw. The teams combined for 61 fouls. Ike Smith scored the final field goal of the night when he slammed home a dunk as the Eagles closed to 85-83 with 2:41 remaining.
Simms made his seventh and final free throw for a 90-87 lead with 16 seconds left.
Georgia Southern's Tookie Brown was fouled as his 3-point attempt with 3.1 left just missed. He missed the first free throw but made the next two to trail 90-89.
Ty Cockfield was fouled after catching the inbound pass. He made one free throw but missed the second. Brown's heave from deep behind the midcourt line was short.
Arkansas State (9-15, 4-7) made 30 of 44 free-throw attempts. Georgia Southern (16-8, 7-4) made 21 of 29.
Mike Hughes had 27 points for the Eagles.
Economic Crisis: Dogara seeks traditional rulers' support for Buhari
By Emman Ovuakporie & Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA—Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, has called on traditional rulers across Nigeria to rally their subjects behind the current administration of President Muhammadu Buhari.
Dogara spoke when he visited the Emir of Argungu in Kebbi State, Alhaji Samaila Mera, at his palace according to a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Public Affairs, Mr. Turaki Hassan.
“We have seen the good intention of Mr. President in addressing the socio-economic challenges in the country but he can only succeed with the prayers and support of Nigerians,” the Speaker said.
Dogara maintained that as fathers and custodians of the people's cultures and traditions, traditional rulers have a major role to play in mobilising their subject to pray for and support efforts of the government to tackle the mirage of problems it inherited.
The Speaker expressed confidence in the ability of the Buhari administration to extend the same vigour and spirit with which it is fighting corruption and insurgency in combating the current economic challenges in the country.
Responding, the Emir commended the House of Representatives under the leadership of Dogara for supporting the executive arm of the government through legislative interventions in the administration's efforts to bring succour to the citizenry.
The post Economic Crisis: Dogara seeks traditional rulers' support for Buhari appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAUSANNE, Switzerland — Russian high jumper Anna Chicherova has lost an appeal against being stripped of her 2008 Olympic bronze medal for using an anabolic steroid.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport says it dismissed the appeal without giving details of the case.
An International Olympic Committee panel which first judged Chicherova last year noted that the steroid turinabol was “a doping substance commonly used in Russia” at the time.
The women's high jump is among the most tainted events in the IOC's reanalysis of 2008 and 2012 Olympic samples. The third, fourth and fifth-place finishers in Beijing were disqualified, leaving American jumper Chaunte Howard with bronze. The IOC must confirm reallocation of medals.
Chicherova will keep her 2012 Olympic gold and 2011 world title, which are not affected by the 2008 case.
I Can't Date A Man Who Is Not Good In Bed – Bolatito Sowunmi Aka Miss Pepeye
Nollywood actress, Bolatito Sowunmi who is famous for her role as Miss Pepeye in Wale Adenuga's foremost comedy “Papa Ajasco” sat with Broadway TV in an exclusive interview to talk about her journey so far, what next and her exit from the famous TV show. The actress shared that she belongs in Nollywood despite having …
The post I Can't Date A Man Who Is Not Good In Bed – Bolatito Sowunmi Aka Miss Pepeye appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Israeli author David Grossman's latest work, "A Horse Walks Into a Bar," won the Man Booker International Prize, the foundation that awards the literary honor announced on Wednesday.
The £50,000 award, which recognizes fiction from around the world that is translated into English, will be split between Grossman and Jessica Cohen, who translated the book.
Grossman is the first Israeli to win the prize, one of the most important annual literary awards. This year, two Israelis were among the 13 authors who made the long list for the prize. Amos Oz was nominated for “Judas,” translated by Nicholas de Lange, his first novel in a decade.
Grossman's book, about a not-so-amusing stand-up artist straining to keep up, is “an unsettling, cathartic, confessional stream-of-consciousness soliloquy,” our reviewer wrote.
>> Read the full review here >>
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Nick Barley, the chair of the Man Booker Prize's 2017 judging panel, said the book "shines a spotlight on the effects of grief, without any hint of sentimentality.
"We were bowled over by Grossman's willingness to take emotional as well as stylistic risks: every sentence counts, every word matters in this supreme example of the writer's craft," Barley commented.
The 2016 winner was "The Vegetarian" by Han Kang, translated from Korean by Deborah Smith.
By Feisal Omar and Abdi Sheikh
MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Two men were killed in the Somali capital after they were spotted firing mortars that appeared to be aimed at the international airport on Sunday, police and officials said.
The heavily guarded, sprawling airport base is the site of many U.N. agencies, African Union peacekeepers and embassies.
"Two militants firing mortars were killed and then their car bomb exploded. There was no other casualty," said Abdifatah Omar Halane, the spokesman for the Mogadishu mayor.
"When they were spotted they fought police and so they were shot dead," said police Major Mohamed Nur. "Then their car exploded on its own. So far there are no casualties."
A Reuters photographer saw the two dead militants and their burnt car.
Islamist militant group al Shabaab, which carries most of the bomb and mortar attacks in the capital, could not be reached for comment.
Al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab wants to overthrow the Somali government and impose their own strict interpretation of Islam. The group is carrying out increasingly large bomb attacks.
Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991 and the Mogadishu-based government relies heavily on foreign funding for its military and 22,000 African Union peacekeepers.
(Writing by Katharine Houreld; Editing by Alison Williams)
What started near the intersection of Ynez and Rancho California roads in Temecula as a modest event in 1983 has floated into the stratosphere as the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival has become one of the top annual draws for locals and tourists alike in Riverside County.
In the beginning, there were only a handful of wineries in Temecula Valley Wine Country compared to the current lush landscape that is home to dozens of vintners ranging from boutique and quaint to large party-style facilities. And there are more under construction.
The 35th annual Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival lands at the Lake Skinner Recreation Area in Winchester Friday, June 1, through Sunday, June 3. The skies will be dotted with colorful balloons at sunrise — and the grounds will bask in the aura of the popular balloon glows once the sun sets — as wine from 18 wineries flows.
Balloon glow at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area on Friday, June 2, 2017 (File photo by Frank Perez/Contributing Photographer)
Campers have a goo setup to enjoy the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival in Temecula Saturday, June 3, 2017. (File photo by Frank Bellino, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Balloon glow at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area on Friday, June 2, 2017 (File photo by Frank Perez/Contributing Photographer)
Crews work on getting the balloons filled during the Balloon glow at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area on Friday, June 2, 2017 (File photo by Frank Perez/Contributing Photographer)
Hot air balloons prepare to take off at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area in Winchester on Friday, June 2, 2017. (File photo by Mark Dustin, Contributing Photographer)
And the festival has continued to elevate its entertainment lineup over the years, with Sugar Ray, Spin Doctors, Lifehouse, The Wallflowers and Justin Moore among the artists performing this weekend.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
We asked a few folks who have been a part of the signature event for years to share their favorite memories of the event.
Peggy Evans, former chairperson and former interim executive director of the festival
“I mean, when we started there were only eight wineries out here,” said the former festival board member who has been involved with the festival since 1989. “This year we expect 30,000-40,000 people at the festival.”
Evans said she was tickled a few years ago when an elderly woman took the bus from Riverside to volunteer at the festival.
“She came from a senior citizens center and told us she had heard about the event and really wanted to experience it,” Evans said. “She volunteered, poured wine and had a blast.”
May Lorah, owner of Lorah Family Vineyards in Temecula
“One of the coolest memories I have is that we booked Blake Shelton a few months before he really hit it big,” Lorah said. “We couldn't believe it and it coincided with the 25th year anniversary of the festival. That was amazing.”
Lorah said another fun flashback from previous years was when the hot air balloon scene from the 2009 romantic comedy “The Ugly Truth,” which starred Gerard Butler and Katherine Heigl, was filmed at the festival.
“I got to be an extra in the movie and it was so much fun,” Lorah said. “If you watch the balloon scene in the movie you will see the Lake Skinner area.”
Marshall Stuart, winemaker at Lorimar Vineyards & Winery and Marshall Stuart Fine Wines
Stuart said when he originally began participating in the festival in 1988 he worked at Keyways Vineyard & Winery, one of only two wineries on the De Portola Wine Trail at that time.
“It's cool to see the big names in entertainment that have performed,” Stuart said. “But I really like to see the up-and-comers like Kanan Road and Temecula Road because you never know if they will be the next ones to hit it big and I like to see local people succeed.”
Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival
When: Friday, June 1 through Sunday, June 3
Where: Lake Skinner Recreation Area, 37701 Warren Road, Winchester
Tickets: Tickets start at $25-$35 for single-day passes; $60 for the weekend and $5 for kids ages 6-12 if purchased by May 30. Tickets increase to $30-$45 at the gate; $60 for the weekend and $5 for kids 6-12
Information: 951-676-5921, tvbwf.com.
Allison Young - Click image for a larger image
The European Championship racing is now at the final stage and in the women's Radial event, Bouwmeester finished the day just two points ahead of Anne-Marie Rindom (3,14) with Tuula Tenkanen (5, 17) now in third.
In the light breeze and choppy conditions Britain's Alison Young (19,30) dropped back to 12th, two points behind Georgina Povall (7,13) in 11th.
Hannah Snellgrove (13,8) moves into 15th overall.
Ireland's Aoife Hopkins (29,31) also suffered, dropping back to 20th overall.
In the men's Laser event, Stipanovic keeps a 16 point lead ahead of Giovanni Cocoluto (13,1) who is tied on 29 points with Andrew McKenzie (38,11) who also had a pretty poor day.
Elliott Hanson (12,35) remains in seventh place overall, and Nick Thompson (9,BFD) in tenth.
Lorenzo Chiavrini (2,16) took a second in the first race and recovered six places to sit at 14th overall.
Radial Women - Leading positions after 7 races, 1 discard (90 entries)
1 NED 210407 Marit BOUWMEESTER 2 2 1 2 1 10 19 18 pts
2 DEN 207194 Anne-Marie RINDOM 5 6 1 2 3 3 14 20 pts
3 FIN 212072 Tuula TENKANEN 3 10 6 6 1 5 17 31 pts
4 ITA 211544 Silvia ZENNARO 2 11 2 11 5 2 9 31 pts
5 GER 212749 Svenja WEGER 13 1 14 5 8 9 1 37 pts
6 USA 184454 Erika REINEKE 5 9 11 10 12 4 40 51 pts
7 NED 211391 Maxime JONKER 7 12 10 1 3 20 35 53 pts
8 BLR 209555 Tatiana DROZDOVSKAYA 16 18 4 3 4 8 28 53 pts
9 GRE 212289 Vasileia KARACHALIOU 12 19 7 8 6 23 3 55 pts
10 TUR 210379 Ecem GUZEL 11 8 16 3 13 38 6 57 pts
11 GBR 212783 Georgina POVALL 4 16 12 12 10 7 13 58 pts
12 GBR 206251 Alison YOUNG 9 27 2 1 2 19 30 60 pts
13 JPN 199066 Manami DOI 14 5 10 4 5 25 26 63 pts
14 FIN 203033 Monika MIKKOLA 8 5 16 11 9 14 20 63 pts
15 GBR 209188 Hannah SNELLGROVE 21 UFD 8 9 6 13 8 65 pts
16 ITA 208633 Martha Caterina FARAGUNA 14 6 17 15 UFD 11 4 67 pts
17 ITA 211982 Joyce FLORIDIA 10 11 15 9 19 35 5 69 pts
18 POL 211108 Agata BARWINSKA 6 3 11 13 13 40 24 70 pts
19 LTU 210496 Viktorija ANDRULYTE 7 15 21 21 17 1 12 73 pts
20 IRL 211115 Aoife HOPKINS 15 7 5 5 12 29 31 73 pts
21 ESP 200226 Joel RODRÍGUEZ PÉREZ 10 7 32 29 41 91 pts 9 pts
Laser Men - Leading positions after 7 races, 1 discard (125 entries)
1 CRO 212013 Tonci STIPANOVIC 1 1 1 4 2 4 21 13 pts
2 ITA 188953 Giovanni COCCOLUTO 2 1 7 37 5 13 1 29 pts
3 NZL 210817 Andrew MCKENZIE 2 2 11 1 2 38 11 29 pts
4 CYP 212431 Pavlos KONTIDES 7 4 12 1 6 24 4 34 pts
5 NOR 201111 Hermann TOMASGAARD 1 11 8 6 7 15 3 36 pts
6 ITA 211979 Francesco MARRAI 8 3 16 3 11 8 7 40 pts
7 GBR 209134 Elliot HANSON 5 9 5 7 3 12 35 41 pts
8 GER 209801 Philipp BUHL 9 10 8 2 1 14 42 44 pts
9 ESA 180192 Enrique Jose ARATHOON 6 6 6 BFD 1 3 24 46 pts
10 GBR 211921 Nick THOMPSON 8 10 13 2 4 9 BFD 46 pts
11 ITA 196685 Marco GALLO 11 7 9 8 8 5 37 48 pts
12 ESP 211440 Joaquin BLANCO 24 5 16 5 6 1 18 51 pts
13 EST 203724 Karl-Martin RAMMO 4 12 17 3 10 35 8 54 pts
14 GBR 211407 Lorenzo Brando CHIAVARINI 25 2 14 4 21 2 16 59 pts
15 RUS 213011 Sergey KOMISSAROV 7 14 19 11 3 6 58 60 pts
16 GBR 210139 Michael BECKETT 6 19 4 6 5 43 20 60 pts
17 BEL 202020 Wannes VAN LAER 17 12 3 5 4 57 27 68 pts
18 BEL 207173 William DE SMET 18 4 34 20 12 18 6 78 pts
19 NED 171900 Niels BROEKHUIZEN 5 16 10 10 25 17 BFD 83 pts
20 SUI 210211 Eliot MERCERON 24 8 3 13 14 39 22 84 pts
21 ESP 200226 Joel RODRÍGUEZ PÉREZ 10 9 4 7 32 29 41 91 pts
Gerald New - Sailweb
6 October 2017 17:37 GMT
By Brad Wilson | For lehighvalleylive.com
Most college football coaches react to the word "championship" being uttered in August as if it carries the bubonic plague. They can't get away fast enough, crying "one game at a time" or "just focused on the opener!"
But not Lehigh head coach Andy Coen.
Asked what he thought were realistic expectations for his team that went 9-3 in 2016 and won its 11th Patriot League championship, Coen said: "For us to be successful in the eyes of our alumni and our community. nothing less than a (league) championship will do. That's a lofty goal, and we're going about it a day at a time."
Even with the qualifier, that's a pretty strong statement from a head coach.
But Lehigh deserves the lofty expectations. The team returns boatloads of talent, especially on offense, from a team that at one point won nine straight games before falling to New Hampshire in the FCS playoffs. The Mountain Hawks were picked first in the league's preseason poll.
When the defense struggled a bit in 2016 even when Lehigh was winning, Coen has shaken up his staff with a new defensive coordinator in Craig Sutyak and a new-look, 4-man front unit.
The package looks like the top-20 team Lehigh is entering the season -- and the Mountain Hawks may be their own toughest foe.
"Playing four consistent quarters is the key to our success," junior strong safety Sam McCloskey said. "We'd get off to a slow start and have to turn it around in the second half. Or we'd play a good first half and not a good second one. We really need to focus on being consistent the whole game in all three phases of football."
Saraki: God vindicated Senate President – APC chieftain, Timi Frank
Timi Frank, a top member of the Progressives Congress (APC) says Senate President, Bukola Saraki, showed courage during his trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT). According to the party chieftain, “God has finally vindicated him.” The CCT on Wednesday ruled that Saraki had no case to answer in the 18-count charge against […]
Saraki: God vindicated Senate President – APC chieftain, Timi Frank
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
— Moto Tassinari has come out with a new and improved reed-valve system for Yamaha's two-stroke Banshee and also the two-stroke Blaster too. The all-new VForce4 is built upon the solid foundation that has made the VForce3 such a success for the last 10 years. While the VForce3 has been continually refined over the years, this is a complete redesign of the entire system. The folks at Moto Tassinari jokingly say, “The only thing we didn't change is the bolt pattern.” However this is actually quite true. All the components that go into making a VForce reed valve system have been significantly changed since the VForce3.
TECHNO INFO
The unique design of the VForce reed valve system features double the reed tip surface over a conventional reed valve design. This has two major benefits: 1) The reed petals only travel half the distance as a conventional reed valve design to get the same airflow. 2) Because the reed petals only need to travel half the distance of that on a conventional reed valve design, there is a greater chance of them being fully opened as well as a better chance of sealing when they are “closed”. A reed petal never truly “closes” in a classic sense, as it is always in movement. Consider this, an engine operating at 8,000 RPM results in a reed petal opening and closing 133 times in one second. This fact, sheds light on another VForce advantage. Since the petals are only traveling half the distance, they generally last longer as they receive less wear than the reed petals on a conventional reed valve design.
STANDARD VFORCE REED VALVE FEATURES
Double the reed tip surface over a conventional reed valve design
Increased bottom end, stronger mid-range and longer top-end
Greater efficiency due to reduced reed petal travel
More airflow means more horsepower
Reduced reed petal wear
Screw free design eliminates risk of screws going through motor
Screw free design enables super quick reed petal changes
NEW AND IMPROVED VFORCE4 FEATURES
CONFIRMED: 18 killed in Mogadishu restaurant attack
Mogadishu, Somalia | AFP | A suicide car bombing and assault by Shabaab militants on two neighbouring restaurants in Somalia's capital Mogadishu ended Thursday morning with 18 dead, a government spokesman said.
“The operation is over now and the gunmen were killed by the security forces,” said Mohamed Ahmed Arab, spokesman for Somalia's security ministry.
“They have attacked business places and killed innocent civilians: 18 civilians were killed, including a Syrian national, and more than 10 others were wounded,” he said.
The attack began at around 8pm (17.00GMT) on Wednesday evening with a suicide car bombing at the Post Treats restaurant and club, after which gunmen stormed inside the nearby Pizza House restaurant.
Both venues are popular with affluent, young and diaspora Somalis and were busy as customers broke the Ramadan fast.
The gunmen spent the night roaming the restaurant killing those they found trapped before they were eventually killed by the security forces.
BREAKING: United States trained forces ended Al Shabab siege at Pizza house,17 dead incl 7 young women, 4 attackers killed- Witnesses — Hussein Mohamed (@HussienM12) June 15, 2017
Aftermath of the Pizza House #AlShabaab Attack in #Mogadishu #Somalia Thanks to Security Forces for saving Hostages Video via @imukhtaar pic.twitter.com/vUmalqEdPm — Dahir Kulane (@Dahirkulane) June 15, 2017
The post CONFIRMED: 18 killed in Mogadishu restaurant attack appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
3 dead, 1 injured as 4-storey building collapses in Anambra
By Vincent Ujumadu
Awka—THREE persons were feared dead and one injured when a four-storey building, nearing completion, collapsed at Oko in Orumba North Local Government Area of Anambra State in the early hours of yesterday.
The bodies have been deposited in a mortuary, while the injured person, said to be a student of the Federal Polytechnic, Oko, is currently receiving treatment in a private hospital in the area.
The collapsed building was said to be serving as a private hostel accommodation for the students of the polytechnic.
It was gathered that the rear end of the building had had collapsed earlier in the afternoon of Tuesday, shortly after a downpour. But despite that, the victims still went to sleep in the house.
An eyewitness said: “I heard one of the workers warning others not to sleep in the building since a section of it collapsed. But they refused. They told him that nothing would happen.
“They even tried to persuade him to go in with them which he initially did, but later came out of the building.”
The cause of the building collapse could not be ascertained at press time, but some people said it might not be unconnected to the use of inferior building materials.
The owner of the building and the contractor could not be reached, as residents of the area denied knowledge of their identities.
The post 3 dead, 1 injured as 4-storey building collapses in Anambra appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LEWISTON, Maine (AP) — U.S. family-owned promotional products company Geiger is buying the largest family-owned promotional products distributor in the United Kingdom.
CEO Gene Geiger said Monday the merger with BTC Group expands the company's footprint in Europe. The new company, Geiger BTC Group, will have nearly 400 employees.
Financial terms weren't disclosed.
Geiger told the Sun Journal newspaper that the two companies have collaborated in the past, and that BTC's owners let it be known that they were ready to sell.
Both management teams are staying in place.
Geiger will be CEO of the parent company and Frank Murphy, BTC Group's managing director, will run the U.K. subsidiary when the deal closes next month.
There's no question that the Snapchat redesign prompted harsh criticism -- when your stock price drops because Kylie Jenner said she'd stopped using your app, you sit up and take notice. Snap may be trying to appease critics by reverting to the old ways. It's not certain that Stories use has dropped as a result of the split, but it wouldn't be surprising. And as Recode observed, there's a chance that Snap would use its unified Stories as a way to pitch professional content. If you have to glance at the latest big-name shows in order to catch your friend's concert snap, you might be more inclined to watch those shows.
The one certainty: this would represent a fundamental shift in philosophy. The Snap spokesperson noted that the test interface revolves around "users' behavior, not just relationships." It's about what you're trying to do, not who you're doing it with -- a simple strategy for a company that has lately been accused of making things unnecessarily complex.
The growing Cambridge Analytica scandal involving 50 million Facebook accounts triggered a multi-billion dollar sell-off on Wall Street on Monday — with the value of Facebook falling by nearly 7%, its largest one day fall in five and a half years. The prices of other tech heavies, such as Alphabet (Google), Apple, Amazon, Microsoft and Netflix also fell because of investor fears the Facebook story would see closer supervision and regulation of social media, especially in Europe.
Suddenly the ACCC inquiry on the media impact of platforms such as Facebook and Google, done at the Turnbull government's behest, is starting to look so 2017.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — After his second interception, Jacksonville Jaguars cornerback A.J. Bouye ran to the sideline and started high-fiving fans.
Just when it seemed like he was done, he turned around, grabbed a cheerleader's pompoms and started dancing.
Bouye and the Jaguars had plenty to celebrate.
Blake Bortles threw two perfect passes for touchdowns, Jaydon Mickens set up another score with a 72-yard punt return , and Jacksonville beat the Seattle Seahawks 30-24 on Sunday to claim sole possession of first place in the AFC South and secure the franchise's first winning season since 2007.
The Jaguars (9-4) intercepted three of Russell Wilson's passes, including two on deep balls , and won for the sixth time in their last seven games. The latest victory coupled with Tennessee's loss at Arizona moved Jacksonville atop the division. It's the first time since 2010 the Jaguars have had the outright lead this late in a season.
“We really should have (blown) them out if we're being real about it,” cornerback Jalen Ramsey said.
The Seahawks (8-5) scored twice on long passes in the fourth quarter, with Wilson finding Paul Richardson for 61 yards and Tyler Lockett for 74 yards. The second one cut the lead to 30-24, and Seattle got one last chance to tie or take the lead. But Wilson misfired on a fourth-and-9 play near midfield.
“We had it exactly where we wanted to at the end of the game,” Wilson said. “I don't know if it can get any better than that. That's got to be one of the most exciting games you can watch. Shoot man, we should have won. We felt like we should have won.”
Leonard Fournette iced the game with a 13-yard run on a third-and-11 play, which gave him 101 yards on the ground. Jacksonville tried to run out the clock from there, but the Seahawks wouldn't go quietly.
Seattle defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at centre Brandon Linder's knees, setting off a near-melee. Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch , and Fournette went after Bennett.
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles' next kneel-down, and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed. Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle. Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle, possibly to calm his players down.
“Nobody likes to lose, but at the end of the day, this is our profession,” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “We have to start acting right and be professionals. That's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out. We're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset. We're going to keep doing it. That doesn't bother us.”
Added Jaguars tight end Marcedes Lewis: “There's no room in the game for that. You see we're kneeling. You can get somebody hurt. We're out there trying to kneel. There are no timeouts. You guys can't stop the clock, so why try to hurt somebody?
“We had 60 minutes to handle that. The last 30 seconds, while we're kneeling, you're going to spear somebody in the legs? That's not cool.”
During the week, the Jaguars refused to call it a “statement game” even though it was a meaningful home contest in December against a perennial playoff contender and recent Super Bowl champion.
They relented afterward, acknowledging the significance of the victory before a sellout crowd of 64,431, first full building since 2016 season opener against Green Bay.
“This is not the old Jaguars team,” Fournette said. “We are not pushovers and are going to fight back.”
QB STATS
Bortles played one of his best games in four seasons. He completed 18 of 27 passes for 268 yards, with TD passes to rookies Dede Westbrook and Keelen Cole. He wasn't sacked and didn't have a turnover.
Wilson was 17 of 31 for 271 yards, with three touchdowns and three interceptions. He was sacked twice, but knocked down way more often. It was the fourth time in 105 career games that Wilson threw three interceptions.
INJURIES
Seahawks: Seattle lost LB Bobby Wagner (hamstring) and LB K.J. Wright (concussion). … RB Mike Davis (ribs) was knocked out of the game briefly but returned.
Jaguars: TE Marcedes Lewis dislocated the middle finger on his left hand. … WR Larry Pinkard (concussion) was ruled out at halftime.
UP NEXT
Seahawks: Host the Los Angeles Rams in a game that could help determine the NFC West champion.
Jaguars: Wrap up a three-game homestand against Houston.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
APC, PDP will collapse before 2019 – Former Kogi acting governor, Clarence Olafemi
The Progressive Congress (APC), chieftain in Kogi State, Chief Clarence Olafemi has predicted the collapse of both the Progressives Congress, APC, and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) before 2019. Olafemi, in an interview with journalists in Lokoja said that, his prediction was predicated on the lingering crisis within both party which he said […]
APC, PDP will collapse before 2019 – Former Kogi acting governor, Clarence Olafemi
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — James Comey's “A Higher Loyalty” had a very big opening week.
Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies, a number that includes print, audio and e-books. The former FBI director's memoir has been one of the year's most anticipated releases. It includes his accounts of investigating Hillary Clinton's emails and of his awkward encounters with President Donald Trump.
Comey, fired by Trump a year ago, has likened the president to a crime boss who values personal loyalty over service to the country. Published April 17, “A Higher Loyalty” is the hottest political book since Michael Wolff's million-selling “Fire and Fury,” which came out in January.
Both books were published by imprints of Macmillan.
DENVER (AP) — Montana Rep. Greg Gianforte will advise a group of Republican aides on how to hire good personnel nine months after he assaulted a reporter and his campaign spokesman made false statements about the attack.
Gianforte, a Republican, is scheduled to make the presentation on Feb. 13 in Washington to a Republican "communicators" group.
The regular gathering of GOP press aides is being expanded to include congressional legislative directors and chiefs of staff so they can hear advice from Gianforte, a former technology entrepreneur who was first elected to Congress last year.
"As someone who has built two highly successful companies from the ground up, Congressman Gianforte has valuable insight on this subject and we appreciate his willingness to share his expertise," said Matt Gorman, a spokesman for the National Republican Congressional Committee, which organized the event.
Gianforte pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault for body-slamming reporter Ben Jacobs of the Guardian the night before the state's special election.
His campaign spokesman at the time falsely accused Jacobs of starting the violence. Gianforte also falsely told police that Jacobs grabbed him.
Three acting favourites unite in this highly amusing play.
The trio, Nigel Havers, Stephen Tompkinson and Denis Lawson, are no doubt having the time of their lives as they play old friends whose relationship is under pressure.
They are all quite different but have enjoyed each other's varying personalities until now.
The play was written, in French, in the 1990s by Yasmina Reza and is translated by Christopher Hampton and show plenty of insights into how society expects us to behave and what chaos follows when we don't.
Marc's (Lawson) immediate and brutal dismissal of Serge's (Havers) new painting takes him by surprise and what follows are basically an almighty meltdown as old issues are exposed and a few scores settled. It sounds as if it should be a harrowing piece but rather, it is packed with humour and near slapstick moments. Indeed, Tompkinson, as the peace-maker Yvan, in particular displays terrific comic timing.
The piece runs straight through for 90 minutes so the pace doesn't break, and you sense the disagreements and repercussions continue for much longer!
Sarah Hardy
The show continues until Saturday. Visit www.theatreroyalnorwich.co.uk
Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday reported first-quarter profit of $4.42 billion.
On a per-share basis, the New Brunswick, New Jersey-based company said it had profit of $1.61. Earnings, adjusted for costs related to mergers and acquisitions and amortization costs, came to $1.83 per share.
The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $1.77 per share.
The world's biggest maker of health care products posted revenue of $17.77 billion in the period, which did not meet Street forecasts. Six analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $18.01 billion.
Johnson & Johnson expects full-year earnings in the range of $7 to $7.15 per share, with revenue in the range of $75.4 billion to $76.1 billion.
Johnson & Johnson shares have risen 9 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has climbed almost 5 percent. The stock has climbed 14 percent in the last 12 months.
—————
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on JNJ at https://www.zacks.com/ap/JNJ
—————
Keywords: Johnson & Johnson, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings
ST. ANDREWS, Scotland — Tommy Fleetwood broke the course record at Carnoustie by shooting 9-under 63 to tie for the lead with defending champion Tyrrell Hatton after two rounds of the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship on Friday.
Hatton also tamed the tough British Open venue, shooting 65 to move to 11 under par for the tournament. The English golfers were a stroke clear of Nicolas Colsaerts, and two ahead of Paul Dunne and Marcel Siem.
Playing his first event since becoming a father for the first time last week, Fleetwood birdied six of the last eight holes to complete a bogey-free round and beat the course record by a shot.
Carnoustie is regarded as the most difficult of the three courses that stage the tournament. Kingsbarns and the Old Course at St. Andrews are the others, with players alternating between the three in the first three rounds before playing at St. Andrews again for the final round.
Fleetwood holds a big lead in the Race to Dubai rankings despite playing in only one of the last seven tournaments on the European Tour. This season, he has won the Abu Dhabi Championship and the French Open, finished second at a World Golf Championship in Mexico, and placed fourth at the U.S. Open.
He has three top-five finishes at the Dunhill Links, which he says is one of his favourite events.
Hatton followed up a 68 at the Old Course with an even better round at Carnoustie, featuring birdies on four of the last six holes — including chipping in at the par-3 16th.
Winning the Dunhill Links, amid a strong finish to last season, helped lift Hatton to No. 14 in the world ranking. He made just two cuts in nine events from the Masters to the U.S. PGA Championship this year, but has back-to-back top 10s since.
Colsaerts has had consecutive 67s, at Kingsbarns then the Old Course.
Rory McIlroy shot a 71 at Carnoustie and was even par after two rounds. Eleven shots off the lead, McIlroy is likely to finish a season without a victory for just the second time in his pro career.
Stephen Keel's had enough of defenders getting embarrassed on ExtraTime Live driven by Continental. He's here to bury the Golden Cone and finally give the back line its due.
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – As the number of flu cases continues to rise, so does the demand for Tamiflu, an antiviral medication prescribed to shorten the lifespan of the flu's symptoms and to prevent it from spreading.
Medical experts say that's because it's easier to treat symptoms with the medication, which comes in a pill form and can be given to anyone.
“With children or pregnant woman, or people who are older than 65 or who really clinically look really sick, or they have other underlying medical conditions that can put on complications, they need Tamiflu,” said Supreet Kaur Dhaliwal, M.D. from Steward Urgent Care of Austintown.
If Tamiflu is not available at your local pharmacy, they can always work with other pharmacies in the area or find other ways to treat your symptoms, such as over-the-counter medicines.
While they haven't experienced any shortages of Tamiflu at the CVS Pharmacy in Canfield, it is still a concern due to the increased number of flu patients they are seeing.
“It is always possible for us to run out of Tamiflu, but we have the ability to compound liquid medications for the children and then we request more and are usually replenished with it in 1-2 days,” said Julia Newman, a nurse practitioner at the CVS MinuteClinic.
Actual flu shots are also in high demand — doctor's offices are running out and referring patients to local pharmacies.
However, getting a flu shot is not a guarantee you won't get sick.
“This year's flu vaccine was not as effective as we originally hoped. However, the CDC does recommend that you still receive your flu vaccine because you still get cross coverage for other strains,” Newman said.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Country singer Marty Stuart says he's planning to develop a museum and performance hall in his Mississippi hometown to display his collection of 20,000 country music artifacts, including handwritten lyrics from Hank Williams.
Marty Stuart's Congress of Country Music will be in Philadelphia, about 80 miles (129 kilometers) northeast of Jackson.
Appearing Wednesday at the state Capitol, Stuart says international fans are "enchanted and mystified" by Mississippi — the birthplace of rock 'n' roll king Elvis Presley, blues greats B.B. King and Muddy Waters and country music legend Jimmie Rodgers.
The music curator for the Smithsonian Institution, John Troutman, is on the advisory committee for Stuart's project. He says Mississippi is a "wellspring" for American music.
Stuart is raising money for the museum, which he hopes to open in three years.
Periyar University UG, PG results 2017 have been declared. The students can check their results at the official website: periyaruniversity.ac.in. However the University website has crashed.
Periyar University had conducted the undergraduate and post graduate courses exam in the month of April. The students who had written the UG, PG examination can access their Periyar University result from the University's official site.
The Periyar University result 2017 has been announced by C. Swaminathan, Tamil Nadu. He announced the results of the UG and PG programmes simultaneously.
Steps to check the Periyar University UG, PG results 2017:
A motorist who was caught with £300 of cannabis and failed to give a drug-drive blood sample has been banned from driving for 18 months.
Digby Cleaver, 61, was found by police in his car on Morven Avenue, Bolsover, after officers had been called out to a suspected collision, according to a Chesterfield magistrates' court hearing.
Becky Allsop, prosecuting, told the hearing on August 2: “The circumstances were just after 11pm, on February 12, when police received a report of a vehicle driving in Bolsover and that it may have collided with a lamppost.”
Police found Cleaver in a car, according to Mrs Allsop, and he gave a negative roadside breath test and officers became concerned and believed drugs may have been responsible. Mrs Allsop added police recovered 72.9grammes of cannabis resin with a street value of £300.
Cleaver registered below the legal limit during an intoxilyser procedure, according to Mrs Allsop, but was described as “pushing back on the tube” which suffered £10 of damage. The defendant subsequently refused to give blood as part of a drug test. Cleaver claimed his steering and brakes had locked before he collided with a wall and he admitted he had been smoking cannabis. The defendant, of Church Lane, Blo Norton, Norfolk, pleaded guilty to possessing cannabis, failing to provide a specimen and to causing criminal damage to the intoxilyser.
Bertie Mather, defending, said Cleaver, who has apologised no longer takes drugs and is bi-polar. District Judge Andrew Davison sentenced Cleaver to a 12 month community order with 120 hours' unpaid work. He must pay £10 compensation, £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
Fans Accuse Oge Okoye Of Flaunting Butt Pad, Actress Reacts
Nollywood actress, Oge Okoye came under heavy criticism earlier today after she shared a photo online which led her fans to believe her backside is far from natural. The actress who was some months ago embroiled in an Instagram dog theft scandal was not spared as fans came all out for her. Read some of…
The post Fans Accuse Oge Okoye Of Flaunting Butt Pad, Actress Reacts appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BANGKOK — They couldn't award it to Kim Jong-un or Donald Trump; that much was certain.
But the granting of the Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons opened itself to a clear interpretation across Asia: When it comes to the nuclear-saturated war of words on the Korean Peninsula, attention must be paid and treaties must be signed. And it must be done in a preventative way, at top speed, before something happens that can't be undone.
Looming in the background of the award announcement Friday was the sometimes scalding, sometimes tepid, never silent geopolitical scuffle this year between the young leader of the third-generation Pyongyang regime and the always voluble president of the United States.
Even the Nobel committee's language keyed in on that. It sounded like a plaintive cry to push parties to the negotiating table — to fix something that's already cracked before it's completely, irreversibly shattered.
The head of the group listed an assortment of the world's nuclear nations when she spoke after the win. But it was easy to find significance in the two she mentioned before all others — North Korea and the United States.
And this was the immediate assessment from a Nobel historian: “The panel wants to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations.” The prize, Oeivind Stenersen suggested, was also “coded support” of the Iran nuclear deal.
This year's Geneva-based winner, known as ICAN, was cited “for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.”
From the vantage point of the Korean Peninsula and its surrounding countries, where people shudder weekly at volleys of intemperate words and missile or bomb tests, such a treaty seems a distant dream. And few of the key players seem anywhere near a Nobel Peace Prize.
North Korea just conducted its sixth and by far the largest nuclear test, moving closer to its goal of mounting a nuclear warhead on an intercontinental ballistic missile.It has repeatedly threatened to obliterate the United States from the map.
Such bellicose language from the North is common. It has spent years issuing over-the-top dispatches through its propaganda apparatus promising to destroy the United States.
In recent months, however, Pyongyang's invective has been matched almost blow by blow for the first time by equally aggressive language from Washington under the Trump administration, or at least Trump himself. The U.S. president has shown no hesitation in cutting through the niceties of diplomatic lingo to excoriate the North and threaten to wipe it out of existence.
He has dubbed Kim “Little Rocket Man” and said his regime may not be long for this world.The U.S., of course, has one of the world's largest nuclear arsenals, even after significant reductions since the Cold War. It remains the only nation on the planet to use nuclear weapons during a war.
In the past four weeks alone, Trump has used words like these, in a recent tweet: “Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!”
And Kim, who bestowed upon Trump the rarely used insult “dotard” and pronounced him senile, has used words like these:
“Now that Trump has denied the existence of and insulted me and my country in front of the eyes of the world and made the most ferocious declaration of a war in history that he would destroy (North Korea), we will consider with seriousness exercising of a corresponding, the highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history.”
Public posturing, sure. But not exactly language that points the way toward common ground, either.
The tension in word and deed between Washington and Pyongyang has faded slightly in recent days as the in-the-moment news cycle marches forward, but history shows that to be temporary. Another early-morning missile test, another intemperate remark or worse will put it right back on centre stage.
The awarding of the $1.1 million prize to ICAN helps that happen, too, though even the group's executive director, Beatrice Fihn, said she “worried it was a prank at first” when she got the call from the Nobel committee.
Against this backdrop — and in Northeast Asia, a region that remains the only place where nuclear weapons were used against a civilian population during a war — the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize in this manner implies one key point.
The influential body, which often uses the prize to set the agenda of where the light gets shone, is saying to Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump, among others: We've got our eye on you, and the world needs to look harder, too.
——
Ted Anthony, the Bangkok-based director of Asia-Pacific news for The Associated Press, has travelled to North Korea multiple times since 2014. Follow him on Twitter at @anthonyted
NASA Fires Up Thrusters on Voyager Spacecraft 13 Billion Miles Away
NASA has nailed an engine test on a spacecraft 13 billion miles away. Last week, ground controllers sent commands to fire backup thrusters on Voyager 1, our most distant spacecraft. The thrusters had been idle for 37 years, since Voyager 1 flew past Saturn.
To NASA's delight, the four dormant thrusters came alive. It took more than 19 hours -- the one-way travel time for signals -- for controllers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, to get the good news.
Engineers wanted to see if these alternate thrusters could point Voyager 1's antenna toward Earth, a job normally handled by a different set that's now degrading. The thrusters will take over pointing operations next month. The switch could extend Voyager 1's life by two to three years.
Launched in 1977, Voyager 1 is the only spacecraft traveling through interstellar space, the region beyond our solar system. Voyager 2 is close on its heels -- nearly 11 billion miles from Earth. The thruster test worked so well that NASA expects to try it on Voyager 2. That won't happen anytime soon, though, because Voyager 2's original thrusters are still working fine.
The Voyager flight team dug up old records and studied the original software before tackling the test. As each milestone in the test was achieved, the excitement level grew, said propulsion engineer Todd Barber.
"The mood was one of relief, joy and incredulity after witnessing these well-rested thrusters pick up the baton as if no time had passed at all," he said in a statement.
The twin Voyagers provided stunning close-up views of Jupiter and Saturn. Voyager 2 also offered shots of Uranus and Neptune.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech.
ATHENS, Ga. — Georgia junior linebacker Natrez Patrick could be facing a four-game suspension following his second arrest on marijuana charges in three years.
According to the Athens-Clarke County jail report, Patrick was arrested Thursday night on a misdemeanour charge of possession of less than one ounce of marijuana. He also was charged with “prohibited stopping, standing or parking.” He was released about an hour later after posting bond.
Patrick was suspended for one game against Kentucky as a freshman in 2015 following his first arrest on marijuana charges. According to the Georgia student-athlete handbook, a player can be suspended four games for a second marijuana violation.
Patrick is tied for third with 17 tackles for No. 5 Georgia, which plays at Vanderbilt on Saturday.
Georgia had no immediate comment on the arrest.
Eugene Weekly presents Egotones performing ‘Fade You Later' for #lincolnstreetsessions live at the EW offices.
Eugene Weekly's Backbeat: Lincoln Street Sessions are a series of live studio performances featuring local musicians filmed at the EW office. Look for new sessions monthly at https://www.youtube.com/eugeneweekly
Egotones: Fade You Later
Recorded: 9-21-2017
Audio Recording and Mixing: James Bateman
Cameras: Meerah Alijandra Powell, Trask Bedortha
Editor: Trask Bedortha
https://www.eugeneweekly.com
Ever wondered what the Britain's Got Talent winner takes home? We've got the details...
Simon Cowell has teased a “big, big surprise” for this year's winner of Britain's Got Talent.
Advertisement
On the very first live semi-final, Cowell teased: “They don't know [the other judges], not even the producers know…I've got a surprise for the winner of this series.
“Not even ITV know,” he added. “A big, big surprise. It's worth winning, that's all I can say.”
Apart from this mysterious surprise gift for the winner, what else does the champ win beyond name recognition and the chance to perform for Simon Cowell and a prime time ITV audience?
Like many reality shows, Britain's Got Talent contestants are incentivised with a cash prize. At the show's inception, the first-place winner was awarded a cheque for £100,000. In 2012, though, prize money soared to a whopping £500,000. Since then winners have got £250,000.
On top of this, the winner of each year's Britain's Got Talent contest receives the opportunity to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. Members of the Royal Family traditionally attend, though the Queen hasn't been since 2012. At last year's performance, Prince William and Kate were seated in the audience – no pressure.
This show is a holiday staple for viewers within the Commonwealth, so it's a perfect way to jumpstart any performer's career.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent continues every night this week on ITV
BARNEGAT – If you see or smell smoke in Barnegat on Wednesday, it is most likely a prescribed burn performed by the New Jersey Forest Fire Service.
Prescribed burns are intentional fires set to clear out easily flammable brush before a wildfire does it.
The area around Cloverdale Farms, by Cloverdale Road, will be the focus of the burn. It should take place between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m.
The New Jersey State Forest Fire Service conducts burns throughout the state at the end of winter every year. The burns destroy fallen trees, branches, leaves, pine needles and other debris on the forest floor.
“By burning them away now, we can reduce the risk of these materials serving as tinder for wildfires later in the year,” said Bill Edwards, chief of the state fire service. “This practice also improves the overall ecological health of our forests and grasslands.”
The fire service expects to burn between 10,000 and 20,000 acres of forests and grasslands this season, they said. Most burns are on state-owned property. Because of the make-up of vegetation, the Pinelands region is the focus of much of the prescribed burning activity.
During burns, personnel use hand-held torches to burn away debris on the forest floor, taking into account wind, moisture and other conditions.
Last year, the Forest Fire Service responded to 1,065 wildfires, but 75 percent of them were a quarter acre or smaller. The largest was a 464-acre fire in Bass River State Forest in Burlington County.
Residents are advised that they might see large plumes of smoke and might smell smoke for miles around. The burns will continue through the end of March, depending on weather.
For more information, go to facebook.com/newjerseyforests or call 609-292-2977.
If you are unsure if it is a controlled burn or a real forest fire, call 911 or 877-WARN-DEP.
BELLEVILLE, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – Puppies up for adoption in New Jersey were stolen.
Police said they were taken from the backyard of the woman fostering them.
As CBS2's Lisa Rozner reported, the dogs were rescues from South Carolina.
Belleville police were able to recover one puppy Friday night, but another was still missing Saturday.
Authorities tracked down a man who said he bought one of the dogs, a pit bull mix named Sandy, from someone on the street. But It's brother, Danny, was still out there.
“It's crazy. Our puppies, of all things, to be taken,” Tiffany Cabrera told Rozner. “It's just – it's scary, very scary.”
Cabrera said she took a few of her other foster dogs for a walk around 2:45 p.m. Tuesday. She left 4-month-old Sandy and Danny with their mom, Rizzo in the yard and locked the gate.
When she returned about 15 minutes later, the puppies were gone.
“Our lock was broken into and our fence was open in a way that my family doesn't open it,” Cabrera said.
The red and blue sweaters they were wearing were left on the ground, along with one of their collars.
Police said they want to speak with a man seen on surveillance video walking with a child.
“The person who has them – all they had to do was apply and they could have had them legally,” said Cabrera.
She fostered the dogs through the nonprofit East Coast Canine Rescue.
She said she's most concerned that Danny is safe. She just asks the person who took him to bring him back — no questions asked — and she won't press charges.
Rachel Riley has left her role as co-host on Sky Sports commentary show Friday Night Football after less than a year in the job.
The Countdown maths expert and avid Manchester United fan began presenting the programme alongside Sky stalwart Jeff Stelling in August 2016 but will not return next season.
Their are suggestions that Riley's decision may have been influenced by online abuse she received from Tottenham Hotspur fans in May after she described their 1-0 defeat to West Ham – which put paid to their title hopes – as a "proper bottle job".
"Personal abuse is hideous," she wrote on Twitter at the time. "For the record I didn't say Spurs are bottle jobs but tonight's game was a test of nerve. I said the game was a bottle job. Not the same as calling the team bottle jobs as is being circulated."
However, a Sky source said the abuse was not a factor in Riley's decision and that she had made it clear when handing in her notice that she had been considering leaving the role prior to the incidents. RadioTimes.com understands that discussions with Sky about extending her contract had not begun when she resigned.
"Looking back on the whole season, she's loved it, enjoyed working with Jeff and all the other guys but didn't feel it was the right thing for her to continue with next season", said the source. "We hope that whatever is next for her is a huge success."
Access Bank, Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train – Wetinhappen Magazine (blog)
Wetinhappen Magazine (blog) Access Bank, Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train
Wetinhappen Magazine (blog)
Two of Nigeria's leading financial institutions, Access Bank and Development Bank, are the latest socially responsible corporate bodies to throw their financial weight behind next month's IAAF silver label Okpekpe international 10km road race which …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Approximately 220 Canadian Niagara Power Inc. customers will be affected by a four hour power outage Saturday in Port Colborne.
The outage will occur starting at 8 a.m. from Invertose Drive, south down Elm Street to Sherwood Forest Lane/Omer Avenue, and east to the Welland Canal, the hydro company said.
A private contractor will be relocating an oversized vessel from Invertose to the canal and CNPI said the power outage is to hep to carry out the work in a safe and controlled manner.
“Should the relocation take longer, CNPI will communicate this via Twitter updates: twitter.com/CNPower.
CNPI recognizes that this may be an inconvenience to our customers and have therefore chosen to interrupt power on the smallest scale possible as the vessel moves geographically from one location to another,” it said.
In order to cut down the length of the outage, the company will attempt to restore sections of power as the vessel moves along its path.
Customers along the route have been contacted via direct telephone call or an automated call blast.
“There is no alternate date for this outage, barring any unforeseen circumstances the intention is to co-operate with the private contractor and other controlling authorities involved in this undertaking to ensure the safe movement of the vessel.”
The company said its website will have power interruption procedures, as well as a fire safety notice, posted at www.cnpower.com/power-outage/power-outage-information. The company supplies electricity to more than 24,800 customers in the Fort Erie and Port Colborne area.
The Rock Springs Tigers were unable to hold off the tough offense of the Kelly Walsh Trojans as they fall, 60-51. The Tigers are now 2-2 in conference play and 8-7 overall.
Freshman Graedyn Buell led the Tigers in scoring with 20 points. Sophomore Justis Reese, junior Derek Lionberger, senior Noah Spence, and senior Nick McMurtrey each added 6 points.
The Tigers will play the Natrona County Mustangs tomorrow. Tipoff is set for 2:30 p.m. Listen to the game live on WyoRadio's am 1360 krkk.
June is an awesome month to fish out of Sebastian. The seas are calm, and the fish are hungry. Dolphin fishing should be steady this month. In addition to big dolphin, schools of smaller mahi show up in our area this time of year. Be ready to stop and chum the water when you find a bunch of schoolies. Have a few light spinning rods rigged with a 1/0 hook and 30-pound leader and throw them a chunk of ballyhoo. When the school fish get finicky later in the day, a fast moving, small lure (like a rattle trap or jerk bait) will trigger a strike when a chunk bait will not. Remember that in the summer, the dolphin will move in closer to shore as the water warms. Don't overlook the 70-foot depth if the water is clean and baitfish are present. In the flat seas of summer, I will put more naked ballyhoos in the spread. Sometimes when the trolling bite slows, I'll drop a chum block in the water in an area where I think dolphin are present. Give it 45 minutes and dolphin will come to the boat if they are in the area. Drift a live bait or whole squid near the surface.
June is also good for bottom fishing. All depths should produce good fishing. Some anglers will take advantage of the calm seas and drop in the deeper waters this time of year. Getting your bait on a piece of bottom that is marking fish in 150-to-250 feet of water can be a challenge. One technique is to drift over it. This requires the captain to stay at the wheel and nudge the boat in and out of gear so that the lines are going straight down. Use reverse for easier boat handling. In deeper water you may need to start your drift well up current to hit the spot. A live bait can be deadly for this. This technique requires patience and repetition but will produce some quality fish for diligent anglers. Some other tips are to use braided line to reduce drag in the current and rig a bait that doesn't spin.
June is also great for our mangrove snapper also. Try fishing your favorite reefs very early and late. Chum with a block of frozen chum and/or diced fish chunks from the prep table. Try freelining with a 1/0 on 30-pound flourocarbon leader and a small piece of bait. If you feel adventurous, try a night trip around the full and new moons.
Keep an eye out for those thunderstorms this month. If afternoon storms are forecast, get out early and get back well before things blow up. Especially look out for those days when storms are forecast to move offshore.
Best of luck out there!
FORECAST BY: Capt. Randy Lang
Sebastian Gypsy Fishing Charters
Email: gypsycharters@gmail.com
Website: www.sebastianfishingcharter.com
N11bn fuel theft: Go beyond sack of officials, Senate tells NNPC
Senate has commended the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for responding to the motion moved during a plenary session by Kabiru Marafa, chairman, Committee on Petroleum Downstream, on the theft of petroleum products kept in the farm tanks of two oil companies. The Senate urged the corporation to take more radical measures to avoid recurrence….
This content is for Standard Digital Monthly Subscription, Premium Digital Monthly Subscription, Standard Digital Yearly Subscription, Premium Digital Yearly Subscription, WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL and 30-Day Corporate Subscription members only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post N11bn fuel theft: Go beyond sack of officials, Senate tells NNPC appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A video posted to social media last week shows an 11-year-old boy telling his mom about the bullying he faces at school every day.
It's gotten an unexpected response since it was posted Friday, and as CBS2's Brian Conybeare reported, it may also spark a national conversation about the problem.
A tearful Keaton Jones opened up to his mother Kimberly about bullies throwing milk and food on him at school in Knoxville, Tennessee.
“They make fun of my nose, they call me ugly,” he can be heard saying.
Kimberly posted the video on Facebook Friday and it's now been viewed more than 20 million times.
“It really hurts me to see that,” local mom Maria Weiss said. “It makes me want to cry, really honestly as a mom and someone who has gone through that.”
Others who spoke with CBS2 question why Keaton's mom would put her son's private pain on display for the world to see.
“Hopefully when things like this happen something good can come of it,” anti-bullying expert Tara Fishler said. Fishler leads workshops at schools across Westchester County. She doesn't recommend taping your child, but hopes the new hashtag #StandWithKeaton can do for bullying what the #MeToo hashtag is doing to shed light on sexual harassment.
“There's a kind of #MeToo thing because a lot of kids will definitely relate to it,” Fishler said. “A lot of adults grow up with this kind of horror that happened to them as teens.”
Celebrities are already rallying around Keaton, who has a message for other victims of bullying.
“If you're made fun of just don't let it bother you,” he said on Facebook. “Stay strong, I guess. It's hard, but it'll probably get better one day.”
LeBron James and Snoop Dogg both tweeted their support for Keaton, and “Captain America” star Chris Evans invited him to Hollywood for the premier of the next “Avengers” movie.
William Christopher, who played the priest Father Mulcahy in the TV series M*A*S*H, has died at 84.
The actor, who had been suffering from cancer, was at home in Pasadena California with his wife Barbara when he passed peacefully and without pain, his agent Robert Malcolm told CNN.
He appeared in all 11 seasons of M*A*S*H, a hugely popular comedy about the life of a US medical unit during the 1950-53 Korean War.
The show ran from 1972-1983, with its final episode drawing 106 million viewers, a record at the time.
Christopher played the camp chaplain in M*A*S*H, a kind-hearted man who helped medical staff and patients during the chaos of the war. When the series ended, he briefly appeared in a spin-off, After M*A*S*H.
Christopher's co-stars on the show have paid tribute to him.
His pals from #MASH miss Bill powerfully. His kind strength, his grace and gentle humor weren't acted. They were Bill. ❤️#WilliamChristopher — Alan Alda (@alanalda) January 1, 2017
In a statement to The Hollywood Reporter, fellow M*A*S*H star Loretta Swit, who played Major Margaret "Hot Lips" Houlihan, said: "Our Dear Bill and his goodness are a great argument for there being a heaven. I never heard him complain or lose his temper. Everyone adored him. A great sense of humor and a great humanitarian. He became TV's quintessential padre as Father Mulcahy on M.A.S.H. It was the most perfect casting ever known. He was probably responsible for more people coming back to the church.
"If God is nigh, then surely he or she will welcome Bill with open arms."
The final AP Tennessee high school basketball polls for the regular season were released on Monday.
In the Class AAA boys' poll, Oak Ridge finished the regular season at #2, while Maryville finished at #8.
The AA boys' poll still has Catholic at #1 and Fulton at #4.
The Class A boys' poll shows Grace Christian at #5 and Harriman at #9.
The girls' AAA poll has Oak Ridge at #3, Bearden at #4 and Morristown West at #9.
The girls' AA poll shows Gatlinburg-Pittman at #7 and Fulton at #9.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — The “Welcome to Florida” sign in the northwest part of the state was covered in light snow as winter weather dipped into the Sunshine State.
It was part of a winter storm that hit the Deep South over the weekend and left thousands of people without power in the region.
In Florida, the news website northescambia.com posted a photograph of the sign that welcomes travellers to the state, covered in a sprinkle of snow.
Elsewhere in the normally warm state, flurries were reported in Destin and Miramar Beach, while temperatures in St. Petersburg were 48 degrees. Miami was a positively chilly 61 degrees Sunday afternoon.
“It does look like it's going to get a little colder tonight,” said Marc Austin, a forecaster from the National Weather Service in Ruskin, which is in the Tampa Bay area. “Tonight will be the coldest night in Florida this week. Probably the coldest night it's been since last winter.”
Austin added that the region's cold temps are due to an arctic air mass followed brought a high pressure system. Wind died down and that allowed for the normally mild south to cool.
Areas north of Tampa can expect to get freezing temperatures Sunday night, even down in the twenties, he said.
Over the weekend, North Carolina had ice warnings, Georgia saw school and business closings and on Friday, Jackson, Mississippi had its highest snowfall since 1982.
Part of Asheville received eight inches of snow on Friday and Saturday, making the storm the 15th greatest since 1946, when the Weather Service started keeping records of snowfall in the city.
Forecasters said temperatures for Sunday were not expected to be favourable for melting the snow in many parts of the south. Highs across much of North Carolina were not expected to get out of the 30s, and after a brief warm up on Monday, a second round of cold air was likely to stall the melting.
Thousands of customers remained without power in the region.
Duke Energy is reporting almost 8,000 customers without power Sunday afternoon in the western counties of North Carolina and South Carolina. The majority of those are in Macon, Henderson and Buncombe counties in North Carolina, where restoration to 4,860 customers was expected by 11:45 p.m. Sunday.
In South Carolina, the highest number of outages is in Greenville, where 660 customers are without power. Power restoration is expected by 5 p.m. Sunday.
——
AP writers Martha Waggoner in Raleigh, North Carolina, and Jonathan Landrum in Atlanta contributed to this report.
OTTAWA — Parliament Hill was a swirl of fresh faces and a storm of news this week in the rush to get things done and square events away before the Thanksgiving break.
In a sea of pageantry, the next Governor General, astronaut Julie Payette, was sworn in to her new position, replacing David Johnston. Premiers and Indigenous leaders from across the country then gathered nearby for a meeting with the prime minister — a meeting that led to a more solid picture of what legalization of cannabis will eventually look like.
The next day, the NDP's new leader, Jagmeet Singh, took a victory lap through his party's caucus room, inspiring a jubilance not seen since the days of Jack Layton.
Personalities aside, there were impactful developments on pipelines, asylum seekers and tuberculosis. Here's how politics affected Canadians' everyday lives this week:
PIPELINE APOPLEXY
TransCanada has followed through on its hints this summer and cancelled its $16-billion plans for the Energy East pipeline — an announcement that prompted a vicious round of finger-pointing, blame-casting and, in some corners, celebration.
Whether the cancellation was because of market forces (as the Liberals contend) or unreasonable public policy (as the Conservatives argue), environmental activists and the mayor of Montreal claimed victory.
The animosity exposed unresolved quandaries for Canadian public policy. Will companies in the West find other, better, ways to export oil and gas, and will the public buy in? Will climate policy lead to depressed demand and low prices — and eventually mean Canada turns forcefully away from the natural resources that have buoyed its economy for an eternity? If not oil and gas, then what?
And as political leaders in Western Canada lash out at their eastern counterparts, is there any hope of forging a national consensus on how or whether the oil industry can or should coexist and prosper alongside a warming earth?
THE FATE OF ASYLUM SEEKERS
Canadians are beginning to learn about what is happening to the thousands of asylum seekers who walked across the Canada-U.S. border illegally over the past few months.
Their refugee claims are now working their way through a clogged system. Progress is slow. And about half of the claims are being rejected.
Government officials said this week they have finalized about 240 cases of about 8,000, and the rejection rate is about 50 per cent. That's normal for Haitian claims, and most of the claimants over the summer were Haitians crossing into Quebec.
At the same time, the federal government is scrambling to live up to a commitment to bring 1,200 Yazidi women and girls into Canada as refugees from northern Iraq, where they had been too often forced into sex slavery.
Ottawa promised a year ago to bring them in, and this week Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said 800 had arrived. The Conservatives are questioning his numbers, however, second-guessing whether the 800 are actually Yazidis.
The minister insists that the delay in the Yazidi effort has nothing to do with the resources required to process the asylum seekers at the border. But it's clear that setting up a new home in Canada is not a walk in the park.
TACKLING TUBERCULOSIS
It's almost unheard of as a problem in most of Canada, but tuberculosis is a scourge in the Inuit population. This week, the federal government rolled out a plan to eliminate what can be a deadly infectious lung disease.
Inuit in Nunavut are 270 times more likely to have TB than the rest of the population, a long-standing problem propelled by poverty and overcrowded, substandard housing.
The eradication plan involves setting up a task force with Inuit organizations, combining their prevention and treatment approaches, and incorporating housing into their plans.
In the last federal budget, about $1 million was earmarked for TB prevention in the Inuit population — meant to amplify ongoing efforts to improve diagnosis, prevention and new medical treatments.
But the TB problem is so entrenched that the government is still grappling with its long legacy. For decades, Inuit infected with the disease were flown south to receive treatment. They often never returned, dying or lost without their family supports. Officials are now trying to track down their graves.
JOHANNESBURG — Shubhankar Sharma won his first European Tour title by a shooting 3-under 69 Monday in the final round of the weather-delayed Joburg Open.
The 21-year-old Indian resumed his round on the eighth green after play was halted early Sunday afternoon because of storms. He parred that hole, birdied No. 9 and made par on every hole on the back nine.
Sharma finished at 23-under 264, three strokes ahead of the pack, and qualified for next year's British Open, too.
“I actually wasn't going to come here about a week ago … so I'm really happy that I came,” said Sharma, who shot 61 in the second round. “I don't think I'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa.”
Erik van Rooyen (66) was second, three strokes ahead of Shaun Norris (65) and Tapio Pulkkanen (68).
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson. Mac Martin Jr. Mac Martin Jr. is the new city planner for Hoover.
The city of Hoover has hired a new city planner to lead the city's effort to develop and implement a new comprehensive master plan and recruit quality residential and commercial developments.
Today was the first day for Mac Martin Jr., who comes to Hoover from Athens, where he has served as the city planner and zoning official since 2009.
Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato tonight introduced Martin to the City Council and said the 32-year-old Martin brings years of expertise and experience to Hoover that should serve the city well as it seeks to plan proactively for the city's future.
Hoover's longtime planning consultant, Bob House, plans to retire at the end of September, so city officials thought this would be a good time to bring the city planning function in-house as a city employee, Brocato said.
Martin will work alongside House for the next five months to ensure a smooth transition, Brocato said.
The city received more than 30 applications for the city planner job from as far away as Delaware and Massachusetts, and a committee of residents involved in the rigorous search found Martin to be the best choice, Brocato said.
While in Athens, Martin helped the city update its future land use and development plan and zoning ordinance, and adopt a transportation plan, public works capital improvement plan, downtown streetscape plan and historic preservation ordinance.
He also facilitated the city's retail/commercial recruitment program that led the city to hire an outside retail recruitment company last year, and he helped develop a “wayfinding” system that helps people driving along city streets find various amenities.
While a graduate student at Auburn University, Martin also helped the town of Bayou la Batre obtain a grant from the Mobile Bay National Estuary Program to conduct visioning workshops and draft a community plan.
Martin said coming to the city of Hoover is a great opportunity for him. He loved working in Athens, but when the sixth largest city in the state and a retail hub for all central Alabama comes calling, “it certainly was hard to say no,” he said.
He was very intrigued with the job after hearing Brocato explain his vision for “reinventing suburbia” and creating a place that can serve as the city of Hoover's “downtown” area, he said.
“It's a big undertaking, and it'll take a big effort to get there and support from the community and public, but it's certainly a worthy cause,” Martin said.
Athens and Hoover couldn't be more different, he said. Athens is a historic city that will be 200 years old next year, yet is experiencing growth with the close proximity of Huntsville and Redstone Arsenal, he said.
Hoover, meanwhile, is 50 years old and is a suburb trying to reinvent itself as an urban area.
Though the two cities are different, Martin said he believes he can use lessons learned in Athens to help him with his work in Hoover.
In Athens, one of the first things he had to do was familiarize himself with the city, he said. He then helped the city determine its core identity and then started making sure city development plans matched up with that identity, he said.
In Hoover, Martin said it will take him a little while to get grounded, but he wants to learn the ins and outs of the city and find out what people feel are the biggest needs. He will help the city identify both its strengths and weaknesses that need to be improved, he said.
He realizes not every single person will have the same exact vision, but it's important to develop some consensus about what direction the city should take and then work to make sure all facets of the city are working together in the same direction, he said.
Martin said he originally is from the “sprawling metropolis” of Plantersville, a town of about 200 people just outside of Selma. He grew up coming to Hoover for to enjoy the shopping, movies, restaurants and Birmingham Barons games, so he is at least familiar with the city, he said.
He earned a bachelor's degree in geography from Auburn University in 2006 and a master's degree in community planning from Auburn in 2009. Martin now serves as president of the executive committee for the Alabama chapter of the American Planning Association and is chairman of the Auburn University Master of Community Planning Advisory Committee.
He and his wife have two daughters, ages 4 and 1. His wife is from the Mobile area, so moving to Hoover will bring them 1 ½ hours closer to both of their families, he said. His wife is a high school teacher and will be finishing out the school year before they move, he said.
UPDATE: President Donald Trump on Wednesday said the shooter who perpetrated the GOP congressional baseball practice attack is dead.
The incident injured five people injured, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise.
"Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime and the assailant has now died from his injuries," Trump said from the White House.
MORE:
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer and members of the congressional police force were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in what sources are calling an apparent "deliberate attack."
Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks, who told CNN he was on deck when the shooting occurred. A congressional staffer was also injured.
Law enforcement has identified the shooter as James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, according to a federal law enforcement sources. Hodgkinson is 66.The shooter's injuries are described as serious, according to the law enforcement source.
See photos from the scene
As of 9:45 a.m. ET, Scalise was in stable condition but undergoing surgery, according to a statement from his office.
"Prior to entering surgery, the whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," the statement said. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues."
The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team. According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a "deliberate attack."
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of his staff members, legislative correspondent Zack Barth, was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. Williams tweeted Barth was "receiving medical attention but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery."
The Capitol Police officers who were injured are "in good condition and have not suffered any life-threatening injuries at this point," Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said at the news conference.
Two law enforcement sources told CNN the shooter, who is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.
It's too early to tell whether the shooting was an act of terrorism or whether members of Congress were specifically targeted, Tim Slater, the FBI special agent in charge, told reporters at a Wednesday morning news conference.
"It's too early to say. It's really raw at this moment," Slater said.
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. It was not immediately clear whether it would go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909.
Lawmakers describe a chaotic scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base, where he had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist him and apply pressure to the wound until he could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN "it would have been a massacre" without Capitol Hill Police.
"Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police," Paul said on CNN. "It would have been a massacre without them."
"We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with," Brooks said.
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
"50 (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure," Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that "I saw him for a second or two." He said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
"The gun was a semiautomatic," Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. "It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter."
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased "out of an abundance of caution."
President Donald Trump also canceled an afternoon event at the Department of Labor.
Virginia Rep. Dave Brat told CNN that he learned of the news in the gym, and that members were all standing by for more information as the news unfolded.
The Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives, Paul Irving, is scheduled to brief House members on Capitol Hill in the 11 a.m. ET hour.
Trump tweets on the incident
The President is monitoring the situation, the White House said in a statement.
"The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely," Trump said in a statement. "We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected."
Trump subsequently tweeted, "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him."
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy are safe on Capitol Hill and receiving updates, aides tell CNN. Neither was at the practice.
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a "Congress On Your Corner" event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
CNN's Phil Mattingly, Dana Bash, Deirdre Walsh, Eugene Scott, Peter Morris, Karl deVries and Noa Yadidi contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
NPDC lacks financial, technical capability to manage nation's oil assets — NEITI
By Michael Eboh
ABUJA—The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, NEITI, yesterday, berated the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company, NPDC, declaring that the company lacked the requisite technical expertise and financial capability to manage Nigeria's oil assets.
NEITI, in a statement in Abuja, on its recently released Policy Brief entitled ‘Unremitted funds, oil sector reforms and economic recovery', also called on the Federal Government to revisit and re-evaluate the transfer of the federation oil assets by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, to the NPDC, its upstream subsidiary.
Executive Secretary of NEITI, Mr. Waziri Adio, stated that the review became imperative, in view of the under-valuation, non-payment for the assets and the inability of the NPDC to either make returns on the investments or be accountable to the federation over its management of Nigeria's oil assets in its custody.
In addition, NEITI maintained that if the NPDC was established to foster indigenous participation in the upstream sector, the company had not in the past three decades, demonstrated ability to either maximize its production capacity or show that it had the financial muscle to operate independently.
Specifically, it explained that in mid-2006, total output from NPDC's wholly owned production was just 10,000 barrels per day (bpd), while on the other hand, production from its service contract agreement with Agip was 65,000 bpd.
It argued that despite NPDC's clear operational and capacity deficiencies, the company continued to be allocated valuable concessions of Nigeria's most productive Oil Mining Leases, OML.
It said:”The lack of technical know-how has been evident since the mid-2000s when the NPDC started engaging in service contracts with international oil companies.
“Also, NPDC's lack of finances has been evident since the beginning of the 2010s, when the company resorted to Strategic Alliance Agreements, SAAs, with indigenous oil companies to carry out production on the fields in its possession.”
Lack of accountability
NEITI accused the NPDC of deliberately refusing to be accountable in its management of Nigeria's oil assets entrusted in its care.
NEITI said: “NPDC continues to be unaccountable to state institutions and the laws of the country. NPDC has consistently declined to give account of its operations and its management of national oil assets in its possession.
“NPDC failed to cooperate with the forensic audit ordered by the Auditor-General of the Federation in 2015. Similarly, the company failed to cooperate with NEITI for five audit cycles and only partially cooperated during the 2013 and 2014 audits.”
It further put the total unremitted revenues to the federation by the NPDC at about $5.5 billion and another N72.4 billion.
It also observed that beyond the issue of unremitted monies, there are issues of transparency and efficiency with the operations of NPDC noting that, since 2005, NNPC has transferred 16 OMLs to NPDC.
However, NEITI disclosed that the process of transfer of these assets raises serious questions, as there appears to be no clear-cut criteria for transfer of oil mining assets to NPDC.
According to NEITI, the process for the transfer of Federation's assets to NPDC does not seem to pass the transparency test, adding that one of the upshots of this is the undervaluation of these assets, thereby depriving the Federation of optimal value for the assets.
It said, “The undervaluation reported, results from NNPC's divestment of its 55 per cent shares in the Shell Joint Venture which it valued at $1.8 billion. PricewaterhouseCoopers' (PwC) valuation of the same assets was $3.4 billion. In addition, four other assets were divested in 2012 by NNPC to NPDC under the NAOC JV which the Department of Petroleum Resources, DPR, valued at $2.225 billion.
“NPDC is contesting these valuations even though it currently operates these 12 OMLs without paying in full, the undervalued rates (Paid only a $100 million) nor the new figures arrived at by PwC and the DPR. In total, the non-payment for the 12 oil blocks by NPDC sums up to $3.925 billion.”
Adio maintained that the call on the Federal Government to revisit and re-evaluate the divestments of Nigeria's oil assets at a time the country is passing through very difficult economic challenges is therefore appropriate and timely.
The post NPDC lacks financial, technical capability to manage nation's oil assets — NEITI appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Grantchester brings James Norton and Robson Green back to ITV to fight crime for another series, this time on Sunday nights.
Advertisement
What awaits our daring duo in their latest TV adventure? And who will they be investigating? Find out more about the cast and characters here.
Sidney Chambers (James Norton)
Priest by day, crime-solving cleric by night, Sidney's a former Scots Guards officer on a mission – and it's not just religious. Life has never been better for the vicar, who's enjoying evenings out with old flame Amanda. But she's got a baby – and an absent husband – now. Can Sidney keep doing the work he cherishes while seeing the woman he loves?
From Happy Valley psycho killer Tommy Lee Royce to War & Peace's Prince Andrei, we've seen a LOT of James on our TV screens of late. He's currently working on BBC crime drama McMafia, and he's even popped up in Charlie Brooker's Black Mirror too.
Geordie Keating (Robson Green)
Policeman and family man, Geordie's an overworked Detective Inspector whose methods of fighting crime are a little rough around the edges. He's been distant with wife Kathy of late, leaving her wondering if her husband's eye is wandering. He's become VERY friendly with police secretary Margaret – is there more to their friendship, though?
Soldier Soldier star Robson, aka the Robson of Robson and Jerome, is probably best known for being one half of another famous duo, ­but he's popped up in many a TV series over the years. His CV boasts roles in Wire in The Blood, Waterloo Road, Mount Pleasant and Strike Back.
Leonard Finch (Al Weaver)
Finch is a rather timid and naive former teacher who studied theology before joining the church. Series two saw him struggling to come to terms with his sexuality before having his heart broken. Will Leonard stay true to himself? Or will church pressures force him to lie about what it really is that he wants?
If you're a fan of Sherlock or The Hollow Crown you might have already spotted Al Weaver on your TV screen. He's been in Secret State, Life in Squares (alongside James Norton), Channel 4 drama Southcliffe, and joined Nicholas Hoult on the cinema screen in 2015's Kill Your Friends.
Mrs Maguire (Tessa Peake-Jones)
Sidney's staunchly religious housekeeper treats the priest as though he was her own son – and that's why she's rather gruff with his beloved Amanda. Mrs Maguire has her own love life to worry about now too. She's struck up a nice friendship with local man, Jack. But will she find room for him in her heart? Or is husband Ronnie still the only many she'll ever love?
Advertisement
You'll know her face well – it's Only Fools and Horses' one and only Raquel. Actress Tessa Peake-Jones isn't just Del Boy's lady love though, oh no. She's also appeared in Casualty, Holby City, The Demon Headmaser, Midsomer Murders, Poirot, Marchlands and Doctor Who, to name but a few.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
Sam Miletic may be a former Knight, but he still knows his way around the board
In his case, the chosen field of battle is a hockey rink; specifically, ice surfaces of the 20 teams competing in the Ontario Hockey League.
More often than not, the newest member of the Niagara IceDogs, or his passes to linemates Ben Jones and Kirill Maksimov, have been exactly where they needed to be on those boards.
Since being acquired from the London Knights at the trade deadline for over-age players, Miletic has failed to earn at least a point only twice. He didn't make a name for himself on the scoresheet in a 6-2 loss to the Barrie Colts and, along with everyone else in the Niagara lineup, in a 6-0 setback to the Kitchener Rangers.
Miletic attributed an almost seamless transition to IceDog from Knight to the Niagara organization and his teammates, Jones and Maksimov in particular.
“The coaches are really great here, and they transitioned me really well,” he said before the IceDogs took the ice for a road game Friday night against the Ottawa 67's.
“My linemates helped me out a lot, they made it real easy.”
The line began clicking, and making life difficult for opposing defences, almost from their first time on the ice together.
“We all like to shoot the puck, we get a lot of shots on net,” Miletic said. “I think last game we had 25 to the line on net.
“When you're shooting that much and getting pucks on net, good things are going to happen.”
The linemates, all team-first players, care more about the standings than their scoring stats. They don't differentiate between goals and assists, Miletic, at 20 the elder skatesman of the trio, said.
“We don't really care about who gets the shot on net, which as long as we get it and it goes in.”
Friday night in Ottawa, Miletic scored a goal and collected in assist in a 6-5 loss to the 67's
Johnny Corneil and Thomas netted power-play goals and Billy Constantinou even-strength markers to round out the scoring for Niagara.
The IceDogs outshot their hosts 36-32 and finished the game 2-for-6 on the power play. Ottawa was 1-for-4 with the man advantage.
Stephen Dhillon allowed six goals on 27 shots before being replaced by Colton Incze who stopped seven shots the rest of the way.
As one of three over-agers on the IceDogs, along with Corneil, the team captain, and Adrian Carbonara, also formerly with London, Miletic is also being counted on to a mentor to the younger players on the team.
Far from being extra pressure, he considers the chance to “pay back” a privilege.
“I don't know if it's pressure, I think it's mostly guys enjoy helping the young guys out,” Miletic said. “Obviously, if you've been in the league for a little longer, you're older, you're more of an adult and you know how things work and what not to do.”
He recalled that leaders on his first Knights team, including Mitch Marner, were “extremely helpful.”
“They kind of took me under their wing and showed my the ropes.”
The Pittsburgh Penguins prospect's accomplishments in his first nine games with the IceDogs – eight goals and seven assists – and his overall offensive output last month – 12 goals, 13 assists – in 13 games have not gone unnoticed. He was named the league's player of the month for January, the first IceDog to receive the honour this season.
The native of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., a Detroit suburb, came into weekend fourth in OHL scoring with 24 goals, 45 assists for 69 points in 44 games.
Miletic, selected 295th overall by the Knights in the 15th round of the 2013 OHL Priority Selection, has scored goals, collected 74 assists for 138 in 144 OHL career games.
Before coming to Niagara, he spent parts of three seasons in London.
During the off-season Miletic, a free agent, agreed to a three-year, entry-level NHL contract offered by the Penguins.
Last night's game was the fourth meeting in league play between the Eastern Conference rivals since the beginning of the 2017-18 season. Niagara rebounded from a 1-0 overtime loss in the series opener at Meridian by taking the next two, 3-2 at home and 3-0 in Ottawa.
The IceDogs, who earned five of a possible six points in three games last week, returned to the ice as the hotter of the two clubs. They were 5-3-1-1 in their last 10 games; the 67's, 3-2-4-1.
Entering Friday action, Niagara was tops in the Central Division and second in the conference with a 26-14-4-3 record, while Ottawa, 19-21-5-3, was fourth in the Eastern Division.
The IceDogs complete an eastern Ontario road trip Saturday night when they take on the Kingston Frontenacs.
Kingston, 25-16-4-3, lead the season series with Niagara two wins to one. Both of the Frontenacs' wins – 4-2, 8-3 – were in St. Catharines, with the IceDogs winning their game 3-1 on the road.
Four games are on Niagara's schedule in the coming week. After visiting Kitchener Tuesday, they host the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds two nights later before playing back-to-back road games against the Sarnia Sting, Saturday; and Windsor Spitfires, Sunday.
'Dog Biscuits: Left winger Oliver Castleman, 18, of Gloucester, now part of Ottawa, has eight goals and nine assists for 17 points in 46 games with the IceDogs ... Niagara sophomores Akil Thomas, right wing, and defenceman Justin MacPherson were ranked 10th and 163rd, respectively, in the NHL Central Scouting Services mid-term rankings of skaters eligible to be selected in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft June 22-23 in Dallas.
bfranke@postmedia.com
MONTREAL — Swiss-based GF Productions says it's out of the running in the ongoing bidding for Just For Laughs.
The company behind the Montreux Comedy Festival says it has signed a confidentiality agreement with the financial institution mandated to deal with the sale of Montreal entertainment company and will let it know they are bowing out.
Just For Laughs has mandated RBC Capital Markets to look into the options surrounding the sale of founder Gilbert Rozon's shares in the comedy festival.
Rozon, 63, announced he would sell all his shares following allegations from at least 10 women he either sexually harassed or sexually assaulted them earlier this year.
In a statement today, GF Productions says it prefers to focus its energy and financial resources on its own festivals and international projects.
Gregoire Furrer, founder and owner of the Swiss group, says he is now convinced that Just For Laughs must remain a Quebec entity and a minority stake was not advantageous to his company.
When GF Productions had made its interest known in October, Furrer said he wants to create a global comedy group with the potential purchase of Just For Laughs.
NEW YORK — Time's Up, an initiative started by a powerhouse of Hollywood industry women to fight systemic sexual harassment, called Monday for New York's governor to investigate the Manhattan district attorney's office over a decision in 2015 not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
In a statement, the group says a report in New York magazine is disturbing because it suggests the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping her.
“An independent investigation into the full decision-making process in this case, including a full review of the correspondence within the office and with any representatives for Mr. Weinstein, must be undertaken immediately to ensure that prosecutorial integrity was maintained and to restore faith in the DA's office,” the statement says.
The article centres on the case of Ambra Battilana Gutierrez. In 2015, police conducted a sting after she accused Weinstein of groping her, secretly recording Weinstein apologizing for this conduct.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. ultimately decided there wasn't enough proof and didn't bring a case. Following criticism over the decision last year, prosecutors said police arranged the sting without their knowledge and there were other proof issues, but police pushed back saying they'd presented enough evidence.
The district attorney's office didn't immediately comment Monday. Neither did the governor's office.
Weinstein's attorneys have said he denies any non-consensual sexual contact.
Since scores of new allegations against Weinstein surfaced, both the New York Police Department and the district attorney's office have said they are working together, but no grand jury has been convened despite police officials saying publicly they have enough evidence for a case. Less than two weeks ago, the police department's chief of detectives said witnesses were ready for the grand jury — but it was up to the district attorney to decide when to convene it.
The Time's Up statement says a prosecution of the 2015 case could have prevented other alleged sexual assaults.
“There will only be real consequences for abusive behaviour when our public officials, sworn to uphold the law, care as much about the rights of the victim as concerns for the accused.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they speak publicly, as Battilana Gutierrez has done.
Time's Up was created by about 300 women and includes the producer Shonda Rhimes and actresses Reese Witherspoon and America Ferrera.
São Paulo — A Brazilian judge has ordered that former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's passport be returned to him.
Last week, another judge hearing a case involving influence-peddling charges against da Silva ordered his passport be taken away. As a result, da Silva cancelled a trip to Ethiopia, where he was supposed to speak at a forum on hunger.
Judge Bruno Apolinario reversed that decision Friday, saying there was no evidence da Silva intended to flee the country to avoid justice. It was not clear when the passport would be returned.
On Jan. 24, an appeals court upheld a separate corruption conviction against da Silva, who denies the charges levelled against him and says the prosecutions are politically motivated.
I was never in favor of annexation
In response to “The two-state solution remains a viable option” (Shaul Arieli, Opinion, January 1).
It's quite unfortunate that my friend Shaul Arieli, who in my eyes is one of the top experts on the situation in the West Bank, didn't ascertain earlier whether I had ever said anywhere that I was in favor of annexing Area C. I've never said that, nor do I think that we need to annex Area C. Moreover, there's no risk that this annexation will occur, if only because the Netanyahu government (as opposed to Habayit Hayehudi) prefers to hold Area C as a perpetual no-man's land to maintain the illusion of a policy of two states for two peoples, which eases things for it in both the domestic and international arenas.
The only thing that I said related to some kind of upgrade in the status of the Palestinian residents of Area C so as to prevent, or at least reduce the difficulty of, their being positioned on the firing line of the Israeli occupation. According to the most recent B'Tselem report, 2016 was a record year for the demolition of Palestinian homes in Area C.
That's why the right shouldn't be celebrating and the left should not be sorry. The right hasn't gained an elderly soldier and the left hasn't lost one. Based on all the signs, we all will be continuing to wade through this interim situation.
A.B. Yehoshua
A Palestinian shepherd tending her flock alongside a section of the West Bank separation barrier, December 28, 2016. Oded Balilty/AP
They're all correct
In response to “Reducing the malignancy of the Israeli occupation” (A.B. Yehoshua) and “The two-state solution remains a viable option” (Shaul Arieli) both Jan. 1.
Both writers are grappling with the question of how to reach a solution of two nation-states living side by side. To them we can add the address/lecture by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry last week, which tried to explain the dangers inherent in Israel's settlement policy.
I was reminded of the story of the rabbi who told each of two adversaries who came to consult with him that they were right, and when the rabbi's wife wondered how they could both be right, he told her, “You are also right.”
All of the above offered worthy proposals to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and all are aimed at the same goal – to reach an agreement on two states, Jewish and Palestinian, side by side. I have also been among those making suggestions to this end.
The problem, unfortunately, is that we are standing on the sidelines and have no influence on the decisions being made by the two players at the chessboard. Neither my opinions, nor those of Yehoshua or Arieli, have any practical impact. We are deliberating solely among ourselves.
I have no doubt that in the long term the choice will be a cruel one, but whether we have to wait 10 years or 100, the ultimate goal is clear. Either there will be two states, Jewish and Palestinian, or the State of Israel will disappear from the map.
Shlomo Gazit
Kfar Sava
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
Energy Ministry is saving Ghc90,000 annually from the use of solar power – William Owuraku Aidoo
Deputy Minister in-charge of Renewable and Alternate Energy, William Owuraku Aidoo, has called on Ghanaians to take advantage of energy from the sun, and embrace the use of solar in the supply of power, for both domestic and commercial use.
According to William Owuraku Aidoo, solar is a cheap source of energy, which has been used in most countries in the world to augment their traditional source of energy.
He made the call at the commissioning of an 80 kilowatts Solar Power project of the Building and Road Research Institute of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (BRRI-CSIR) in Kumasi.
The project, which is under a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) with Kata Solar in Japan, would be managed by Kata Solar for five years, after which it would be handed over to CSIR-BRRI to operate.
The system can be used with the national grid or generator sets, and can control how much energy has been produced and used since it is a “hybrid controller technology.”
Power can also be supplied to the electricity company for continuous distribution to the public.
Mr. Owuraku Aidoo indicated that, the Energy Ministry is saving Ghc90,000.00 annually from the use of solar power.
“I urge all individuals and institutions in particular to embrace solar to help in achieving the President's vision of having 10 percent of renewables in the total energy mix of the country.”
He said Government is focused on accomplishing its target of 10 per cent installation, and use of solar power in the country.
Director of BRRI, Dr. Eugene Atiemo, explained that the first phase of the project produced 20 kilowatts in 2016, with the second phase in 2017 producing 60 kilowatts.
He said the technology is environmentally friendly and cost less.
Founder and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of KATA Solar Limited, Dr. Kofi Ampofo Appiah, said the project is unique because it can be extended for commercial use, and also reduces the cost of electricity for the user.
He said the project will save the BRRI-CSIR a lot of money, and more than 50 to 60 percent of electricity form the main power supplier.
Dr. Ampofo said his outfit will continue its engagement with Government to get more of the institutions adopt the use of solar.
Isn't awesome when a function that could only be done using specialized hardware get's to be implemented via software? Software Is Eating the World – that's the case with the new Adaptive Pathing.
A new Adaptive Pathing feature introduced with DVX 2.0 improves the overall aggregate storage bandwidth and reliability, without adding the usual LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol ) management overhead and complexity.
What is link aggregation, LACP?
In a nutshell, it allows one to aggregate multiple network connections in parallel to increase throughput beyond what a single connection could sustain, and to provide redundancy in case one link goes down. LACP is a vendor independent standard term which stands for Link Aggregation Control Protocol, defined in IEEE 802.1ax or 802.3ad. LACP links need to be manually configured on the physical network switch, to allow both links to appear as one logical aggregated link. MAC address(es) from the host side could appear on both links simultaneously, and the switch will not freak out and thinking there's a loop on the network. – Wen Yu
Read the entire article here, More Network Performance and Resiliency without LACP, at least w/ Datrium Adaptive Pathing » myvirtualcloud.net
via Andre Leibovici at myvirtualcloud.net
The now-DS Morse returns for a new collection of mysteries
Shaun Evans – DS Endeavour Morse
Who does he play?
Advertisement
The younger version of John Thaw's Inspector Morse from the original TV series, Evans' Morse is currently a Detective Sergeant in Oxford.
Where do I know him from?
Endeavour is by far Evans' best known role, though he has also appeared in Teachers, Silk, Ashes to Ashes and The Scandalous Lady W among other productions. He is also a director and helmed an episode of Casualty last year.
Roger Allam – DI Fred Thursday
Who does he play?
Morse's immediate boss, Thursday is a detective formerly from London and a staunch family man.
Where do I know him from?
Allam is a longtime veteran of stage and screen, appearing in the likes of Ashes, to Ashes, Game of Thrones, Parade's End, The Missing, The Book Thief, Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides and The Lady in the Van in the last few years alone. He also once appeared in a 1987 episode of Inspector Morse.
Anton Lesser – PCS Reginald Bright
Who does he play?
The by-the-book boss of Morse and Thursday, Bright has come to form a grudging respect for Morse's methods.
Where do I know him from?
Lesser is probably best known now for his role as the villainous Qyburn in Game of Thrones, though he's also had major roles in Wolf Hall, Ripper Street, Dickensian, The Hollow Crown and Agatha Christie's Poirot in recent years.
Dakota Blue Richards – WPC Trewlove
Who does she play?
An enthusiastic young constable, Trewlove's apparent naivety hides surprisingly useful skills and knowledge.
Where do I know her from?
Advertisement
Blue Richards burst onto the acting scene with the lead role of Lyra in the film adaptation of Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials trilogy (though only the first film was made). She has since starred in e4 series Skins and other TV and film roles.
PALMETTO, Fla. (WFLA) — Rosalie Florio wants respect for her husband, Anthony Florio.
He served in the US Navy and passed away four years ago. His crypt is still without the bronze marker his wife bought him.
Rosalie has been ill and has dementia. In late July, her sister took her to Skyway Memorial Gardens in Palmetto for the first time since Anthony's death. She was surprised and saddened to find his crypt was unmarked. Her sister, Kathleen Owens, took her to the cemetery office to get answers.
“I said, ‘We took care of it, you took our money, you deposited our money and everything but no marker.' I said, ‘Why is this?'” she said.
Owens said office staff told her they would get to the bottom of this and call them. That didn't happen, and Rosalie remained distraught.
They called 8 On Your Side for answers.
Eric Cahill, the general manager for Skyway Memorial Gardens, said he was not aware of this situation. He checked records and assured 8 On Your Side that the marker was ordered weeks ago, when the sisters stopped in. It should not have taken that long, he said, noting that the cemetery also relies on families to check in with them on the status of markers.
“It's possible it was an oversight,” Cahill said. “But we've got everything documented, and her order form is in and set, and the bronze company is making this as we speak.”
He said there was no clear explanation, but there have been many staffing changes in four years. He also did not work at the funeral home when Anthony Florio passed away.
Cahill apologized and said his staff made calls while 8 On Your Side was in the office. They put a rush on the marker, and it should now be up by the end of this month.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
In other words, those proposals will make it hard to spread news or even to post memes.
If #Article13 passes it will change the way that the Internet works, from free and creative sharing, to one where anything can be instantly removed, by computers. #CensorshipMachine https://t.co/QgcUmCabEH pic.twitter.com/UOIZwxRFWh — Open Rights Group (@OpenRightsGroup) June 28, 2018
Due to the nature of Wikipedia and its reliance on community contributors, both Articles could have a huge effect on the website. Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales has been a vocal critic of the Directive and has been encouraging people to call their European representatives ahead of the final vote tomorrow, July 5th, 10AM UCT. Legislators tried to add an exemption for encyclopedias after the initial wave of criticisms, but due to what the EFF calls "sloppy drafting," it still puts platforms like Wikipedia at risk. As the Electronic Frontier Foundation explained: the exemption is limited to "noncommercial activity," but every file on Wikipedia is licensed for commercial use.
Deeply inappropriate for the European Commission to be lobbying publicly *and* misleading the public in this way. — Jimmy Wales (@jimmy_wales) July 3, 2018
The Italian and Spanish Wikipedia pages are echoing Wales' plea for people to call their European representatives. They're also linking to websites dedicated to fighting the Directive and are asking the Parliament to reject it in its current form. Here is a rough translation of the notice on Italian Wikipedia's home page from Google Translate:
Chelsea have been drawn against Barcelona in the Champions League last-16.
The Blues' punishment for their failure to top their group is a tough tie at the first stage of the knockout rounds.
Chelsea finished second in their group behind Roma. They had identical records of three wins, two draws and one defeat.
Barça were unbeaten in the group stages. Ernesto Valverde's side topped a group that included Juventus, Sporting Lisbon and Olympiacos by recording four wins and two draws.
The two sides have met 15 time in competitive action to date and have a record of five wins, five draws and five defeats each.
Their most recent encounters came en route to Chelsea winning the competition in 2012. They won 1-0 at Stamford Bridge and drew 2-2 at Camp Nou to win their semi-final.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
“The theft of intellectual property by foreign countries costs our nation millions of jobs, and billions and billions of dollars,” Mr. Trump said, flanked by corporate executives. “For too long, this wealth has been drained from our country while Washington has done nothing.”
“They have never done anything about it,” he declared. “But Washington will turn a blind eye no longer.”
Mr. Trump pledged to defend American companies from counterfeiting and piracy. But the document he signed in the Oval Office only authorizes the United States Trade Representative to consider whether to begin an investigation.
That all but guarantees that the United States will not take any action against China, at least until after Mr. Trump meets President Xi Jinping in Beijing this fall. Mr. Trump, a senior official said, warned Mr. Xi of the impending trade action in a phone call late on Friday that was largely devoted to cooperating on the North Korea threat.
So far, Mr. Xi has fallen short of Mr. Trump's hopes as a partner in pressuring the North Korean regime to curb its nuclear and missile programs. But senior officials said the White House still views China as the key player in curbing Kim Jong-un, the North Korean dictator.
Photo
The White House had deferred the announcement of the trade investigation until this week to secure China's support for additional sanctions against North Korea at the United Nations Security Council earlier this month. It was only the latest example of Mr. Trump pulling back on the trade front to encourage a more constructive Chinese role on North Korea.
Chinese officials have historically tried to link disparate issues, like North Korea and American arms sales to Taiwan. On Monday, before Mr. Trump's announcement, the official China Daily newspaper warned that his investigation would poison relations between the two countries.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Given Trump's transactional approach to foreign affairs,” the paper said, “it is impossible to look at the matter without taking into account his increasing disappointment at what he deems as China's failure to bring into line the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.”
Far from giving him leverage, however, experts said Mr. Trump's linkage of trade and security was binding his hands.
“It implies that China's action on North Korea is a gift to the United States, and not that these actions are in China's own interests,” said Evan S. Medeiros, a former top China adviser to President Barack Obama. “It is a wrong assumption, and it plays into China's own strategy.”
On the diplomatic front, administration officials fanned out in an attempt to lower the temperature following Mr. Trump's remarks last week.
“The United States military's priority is to support our government's efforts to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula through diplomatic and economic pressure,” General Dunford was quoted as saying in a statement released by Mr. Moon's office.
He was echoing a point made by Mr. Mattis and Mr. Tillerson in an opinion column posted Sunday by The Wall Street Journal. “The U.S. has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea,” they wrote. “We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang.”
On Monday, Mr. Mattis sent a message of deterrence. When asked about North Korea's threat to fire ballistic missiles into the waters off Guam, an American territory in the Pacific, he said, “If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly.”
Mr. Kim has been told that his military is ready to launch ballistic missiles toward Guam, but he said he would wait before telling them to proceed, the North's state-run news media reported on Tuesday.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
General Dunford's visit to South Korea was the first of three stops in his trip to the region, which has been roiled by the exchange of threats between Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim. General Dunford arrived in China on Monday night, and will travel to Japan later in the week.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For months, White House officials have debated how harshly to strike China on trade issues. After threatening during the campaign to label China a currency manipulator, Mr. Trump decided to forego that step as he cultivated a personal relationship with Mr. Xi.
In April, the president ordered an investigation into the world steel market. White House officials said that inquiry was aimed squarely at China, which they accused of dumping excess steel in other countries that finds its way into the United States, and undercuts domestic producers.
But that effort has bogged down amid resistance from allies, who ship far more steel to the United States than China; domestic manufacturers, who worry about their supplies of steel; and the Defense Department, which objected to the White House's decision to invoke national security as a criterion for propping up the domestic steel industry.
The administration's decision to pivot from steel to intellectual property puts it on firmer legal ground. Few experts dispute that China has stolen or forced American companies to turn over technology at an estimated cost of $600 billion.
Yet Mr. Trump's modulated tone seemed calculated to open a negotiation with China rather than ignite a trade war.
“The big issue is, what does Trump do? After you find that China has acted unreasonably, what is the remedy?” said Gary Clyde Hufbauer, a trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
If the United States pursued China through the World Trade Organization, the case could stretch out through the remainder of the Trump administration. Mr. Trump could impose tariffs, but Mr. Hufbauer said, “You can be sure that the Chinese will retaliate.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Another question is whether the White House will seek allies. Japanese and European companies are both victims of theft, and trade experts said a united front would strengthen Mr. Trump's case.
Some senior officials said Mr. Trump's decision to lead with an intellectual property case after weeks of talking about steel amounted to a “head fake” on the Chinese. But while Mr. Trump is delivering on one of his core campaign promises, the protection of intellectual property is not an issue that particularly animates his political base.
Still, said Daniel M. Price, a trade adviser to President George W. Bush who is now at Rock Creek Global Advisors, “The administration has sensed correctly that the mood in the U.S. business community has changed. Frustration with Chinese practices has risen to the point that they are willing to support strong enforcement action.”
Have your say
Emergency services have rushed to a village near Boroughbridge after reports a helicopter has come down in a field.
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed that they sent crews to the scene at Aldborough just before 1.30pm .
The aircraft is believed to be a helicopter but this has not been confirmed.
Witness tells of moment helicopter 'dropped like a stone' near Aldborough Hall
Police and ambulance are also at the scene.
North Yorkshire Police said that are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
Smoke can be seen coming from the field
At 1.23pm today, police received reports of a helicopter crash near Aldborough, Boroughbridge.
"Officers are currently at the scene. Fire and ambulance crews are also in attendance.
"Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties."
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
LONDON (AP) — Arsenal signs Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund for what it says is a club-record fee.
SAN FRANCISCO — A high-profile sexual misconduct case that cost 12 Northern California officers their jobs is fizzling in court.
Charges were dismissed this week against an officer and a former sheriff's deputy charged with sexually abusing the teen daughter of an Oakland police dispatcher. A judge earlier tossed out the criminal case against a third former officer.
Three other former officers have pleaded guilty to misdemeanours and have paid small fines. A misdemeanour case is still pending against one other.
The two latest cases to be dismissed unraveled when a judge ruled Wednesday that former sheriff's deputy Ricardo Perez didn't know the teen was 17-years-old when they engage in consensual sex. Prosecutors on Thursday dismissed a similar case filed against Oakland police officer Giovanni LoVerde.
Oakland paid the woman nearly $1 million to settle her abuse claims.
For a theoretically pro-pipeline party, the Liberals have sure done a lot of damage to Canada's energy sector. In less than two years, the Trudeau government has managed to grievously wound the National Energy Board (NEB) — a once world-class regulator. It has foiled Enbridge's Northern Gateway project and, now, TransCanada's Energy East pipeline. And it has caused untold harm to Canada's regulatory climate.
When the Liberals first came to power, many commentators applauded them for bringing a deft hand to the pipeline file. The party was exercising Solomon-like fairness, some suggested, by giving environmentalists what they wanted in bringing about the cancellation of Northern Gateway, while giving the business community what it wanted by backing Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain pipeline.
But really, that's not how regulatory decisions are supposed to work. Companies should know the criteria they're required to meet to gain approval, and if they meet them, should expect to receive authorization to proceed. A government committed to the rule of law and evidence-based policy-making would follow the expert recommendations of the NEB. Letting politics corrupt the process is corrosive to investment and business confidence.
This is not how regulatory decisions are supposed to work
The cancellation of Energy East might have been partly influenced by economics, but it is the ongoing pattern of political interference that has made energy projects less predictable and less affordable in Canada than in stabler environments. In 2016, the Liberals introduced five politically motivated principles to “restore confidence in Canada's environmental assessment processes.” Most were pure pageantry. The government promised, for instance, to ensure regulatory decisions would be based on science and evidence (as if they somehow weren't before), and to ensure Aboriginal groups would be consulted (as if this wasn't already a constitutional obligation).
But one new principle did substantively change things: going forward, the government would assess the “direct and upstream greenhouse gas emissions linked to projects.” This requires regulators to engage in an extraordinary amount of guesswork. It ignores the fact that other countries will supply fossil fuels if we choose not to. And it makes an already fraught regulatory climate that much more uncertain.
Energy East should not have been subject to criteria not in place when the company filed its application
Energy East filed its application with the NEB before these new rules were in effect, so the project shouldn't have been subject to the new criteria in the first place. But it was. It leaves one to wonder whether the Liberals intended to orchestrate a cancellation of Energy East to avoid the political fallout of approving or rejecting it later on. This is the same government, after all, that used an oil-tanker traffic ban to undermine the Northern Gateway project (which had previously been approved by the Harper government), to curry political favour in some parts of the country, while hurting others.
Whether the Liberals knowingly sabotaged Energy East, or are merely oblivious to the importance of maintaining a stable business climate, there is no silver lining here. The damage is not easily undone, and our economy will continue to lose investment, even as Alberta's oil ships anyway, at greater risk, by rail, and is sold at a discount. Eastern Canadians will continue to import energy from often abhorrent regimes abroad, thousands of potential jobs have been lost, and a grim signal has been sent to global investors about our willingness and ability to get business done. All of this was avoidable. And yet, sadly, none of it is surprising.
EastEnders viewers left reeling by the deaths of Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell in yesterday's episode can now get a sneak peek look at tonight's instalment of the BBC1 soap.
A newly released scene sees Max wake in Roxy's bed at the wedding venue and make his way downstairs - only to be met by the sight of police officers and forensic investigators at the front door. But will he start asking questions?
As fans know, the Mitchell sisters drowned in the aftermath of Ronnie's nuptials, but what will happen when the guests - and most importantly groom Jack - realises what's happened?
Watch the scene from Monday's episode below.
POINT PLEASANT — This weekend a dedication ceremony will be held in honor of the recently upgraded Krodel Park Walking Trail.
Becky Wood, member of the Point Pleasant Walking Trail Committee, shared the event will be held at the Krodel Park Gazebo, 10:30 a.m., Saturday, July 7. All are welcome to attend.
A ribbon cutting will be done for the walking trail. Wood said Bob Rulen, chairmen of the Point Pleasant Walking Trail Committee, will be giving an overview of the walking trail project and Stephen Littlepage, Claflin Foundation president, will be speaking on the Claflin foundation. Mayor Brian Billings will be the emcee. The Point Pleasant Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution will be the flag bearers and Eli Wilson will be singing the National Anthem. Doors prizes, donated by local businesses, will be given out and refreshments will be provided.
Wood explained the walking trail will be dedicated to Robert and Louise Claflin as the foundation was a crucial part of the walking trail's funding. Board members of the Claflin foundation will also be supporting the upkeep and the maintenance of the walking trail.
She said a goal of the walking trail project was to promote the use of the walking trail throughout the entire county. Various marathon holders will be able to host their events at the walking trail. Also, since the updated walking trail is smooth, mothers can utilize the walking trail while pushing a stroller.
Wood commented she has heard a large amount of positive feedback regarding the walking trail since its opening.
She explained the Point Pleasant Walking Trail Committee has future plans of installing exercise equipment along the walking trail every quarter mile and would also like to have some landscaping done along the walking trail.
The Point Pleasant Wellness Committee, The Robert and Louise Claflin Foundation, and the City of Point Pleasant are all involved with this event.
The updated Krodel Park Walking Trail has received a large amount of positive feedback since its opening. https://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/07/web1_0704.Trail-Copy.jpg The updated Krodel Park Walking Trail has received a large amount of positive feedback since its opening.
By Erin Perkins eperkins@aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach her at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach her at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
ORANGEBURG, S.C. — Trey Samuel ran for 153 yards and three touchdowns on 15 carries and South Carolina State scored 28 unanswered points in a 35-14 victory over Morgan State on Friday night.
The first six possessions of the second half ended in two safeties, two fumbles, a blocked field goal and an interception. Morgan State took a 14-7 lead after its two safeties but South Carolina State tied it on Quan Caldwell's 29-yard catch with 4:41 left in the third quarter.
S.C. State opened the fourth with 21 points in less than three minutes.
Two plays after Morgan State's fourth turnover, on a fumbled punt return, Samuel ran for a 15-yard touchdown to take a 21-14 lead. Darius Leonard intercepted a pass on Morgan State's next possession and ran it back 12 yards to extend the Bulldogs' lead and Samuel capped the scoring with an 89-yard TD run.
Dewann Ford was 10-of-25 passing for 141 yards and one touchdown for S.C. State (2-3, 1-2 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference). Samuel opened the scoring on the Bulldogs' first possession with a 44-yard TD run.
Elijah Staley completed 15 of 37 passes for 154 yards and two interceptions for Morgan State (0-5, 0-2).
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
The Bay of Plenty area is dealing with what is being labelled a P epidemic. Residents of Matatā are fed up with P users discarding drug paraphernalia in public areas.
Matatā is a seemingly quiet East Coast town known for its white sandy beaches.
However, there is an underlying problem that is upsetting locals.
Matatā local Marsha Playle says, "Don't come here and smoke your P. Come here and visit and enjoy the view but don't you come here and smoke your P and leave it here for us to pick up."
During her daily walk to the beach, Marsha Playle came across P paraphernalia at the local domain.
"I came across a broken lightbulb and two methamphetamine bags."
Playle says the community, local council, and government need to work together to eliminate P in the Bay of Plenty.
"I'm hoping that the community does come together, which I reckon they will, and have a kōrero with the regional council and the Whakatāne District Council and the Department of Conservation."
Labour's East Coast Candidate Kiritapu Allan agrees.
"I agree with the whāea. I think that it's a whole community '360' approach. We're responsible. As you know, I'm an aspirant politician, our communities, our councils."
A public meeting will take place next week to address the issue of P in the Bay of Plenty.
For many people, getting to grocery stores and farmers markets is tough, and since fast food is so much more accessible, it can be difficult to maintain a healthy diet. Throw in the fact that often times quality food is expensive, and you have a very big problem for many Americans.
An estimated 17.3 million people in the U.S. live in low-income areas more than one mile or 20 miles from a supermarket, data from the USDA reports.
Salvation Army Stepping Up To Help
Salvation Army, a Christian charity, found one small but impactful way to help: It launched its first non-profit grocery store in Baltimore, Maryland, in order to help low-income families who live in in food deserts (impoverished areas that lack fresh fruits and vegetables as a result of a lack of grocery stores).
Called DMG Foods, a reference to the organization's motto, “Do More Good,” The store is situated in a 7,000 square foot warehouse. There is an on-site butcher, deli counter, pre-made meals and salads prepared by the Maryland Food Bank, and non-perishable items.
This innovative grocery store hopes to change lives in the Baltimore area by providing over 1,200 families fresh, affordable produce annually, according to its press release. Its opening also created 15 jobs.
#DMGFoods officially opened in Baltimore today as The Salvation Army's first grocery store, uniquely combining workforce-development programs, supplemental benefits, cooking demonstrations and more with grocery shopping in a food desert. Check it out at https://t.co/7PzaJk3Rgd! pic.twitter.com/4m71Z37YJM — Salvation Army USA (@SalvationArmyUS) March 7, 2018
Store Charges Less Than Traditional Supermarkets
As the store is nonprofit, it is able to charge less for items than traditional grocery stores, according to the Baltimore Sun. It will be available to anyone who wants to shop there, though it is intended for lower-income families. Customers who are use government assistance to purchase food (SNAP) will receive complimentary items once a month as well as additional discounts.
Wanting To Provide “Sustaintable Model” For Community
The Salvation Army's goal is to “present a sustainable model that engages the community in order for them to eat healthier, smarter, cheaper and all of that,” Gene Hogg, The Salvation Army's area commander, told The Shelby Report.
The opening, which took place March 7, was met with excitement and praise.
Couldn't be happier about our partnership with the @SalArmyCM first grocery store, DMG Foods! The grand opening was a huge success, and a great path forward for creating a healthier Baltimore. Watch @CBSbaltimore' coverage of the grand opening: https://t.co/nKKP2idYcS#MyBMore pic.twitter.com/2Cj5kuOCiG — Maryland Food Bank (@MDFoodBank) March 9, 2018
Baltimore's mayor, Catherine Pugh, was there to cut the ribbon and welcome the new store to the neighborhood. She shared her congratulations and well wishes on social media.
And, other people on social media hoped that new locations for DMG Foods would open in their neighborhoods.
Take A Tour Of The Salvation Army Grocery Store?
The Salvation Army USA posted a Facebook Live video offering a tour of the new DMG Foods on its grand opening day!
According to the Salvation Army, DMG Foods is the first grocery store in the nation to bring together social service with a traditional grocery shopping experience. It plans on providing nutritional guidance, shopping education, and meal planning and workforce development to its shoppers.
This sounds like an innovative idea. What do you think of the Salvation Army's new grocery store?
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
COSTA MESA – An Orange Coast College student who secretly videotaped his instructor making anti-Trump statements was suspended from school and told to write a letter of apology as well as a three-page essay about the incident.
The college suspended Caleb O'Neil for the current semester and the summer term, saying he violated a Coast Community College District policy prohibiting recording someone on district property without that person's consent.
“It is my hope that this experience will lead you to truly think through your actions and the consequences of those actions when making decisions in the future,” Victoria Lugo, interim dean of students, wrote in a Feb. 9 letter to O'Neil, whose video clips of instructor Olga Perez Stable Cox in December went viral.
William Becker, an attorney representing O'Neil, said the sanctions are excessive and the student's legal rights have been violated. O'Neil, 19, plans to appeal and can continue to attend classes during that process, Becker said.
“This is an attack by leftists in academia to protect the expressive rights of their radical instructors at the expense of the expressive rights of conservative students on campus,” said Becker, president of Freedom X, a nonprofit dedicated to preserving religious and conservative freedom of expression.
O'Neil, who campaigned for Trump, couldn't be reached for comment on Tuesday.
Orange Coast College President Dennis Harkins had previously said his administration would investigate whether Cox's comments were appropriate and within the context of what she teaches. Whether that has concluded is unclear. College spokesman Doug Bennett said this week that the school could not comment on personnel manners, and he declined to discuss investigations involving students, citing their privacy.
Three other students, all leaders with the school's College Republicans, which posted the video clips, received letters saying there was insufficient evidence to proceed against them, said Joshua Recalde-Martinez, one of the three.
“I'm disgusted that they imposed such excessive sanctions against (O'Neil), especially when the student was just trying to document a case where he personally felt targeted by a faculty member and his student rights were violated,” said Recalde-Martinez, who founded the OCC College Republicans and served as its president until recent weeks.
To be allowed back in school, the letter says, O'Neil's essay is to be three pages and double-spaced and must discuss why he videotaped the professor. Also, the essay is to cover his “thoughts and analysis” on why he decided to share the videos, what he thought would happen to Cox and “the impact of the video going ‘viral' and the ensuing damage to Orange Coast College students, faculty and staff.”
O'Neil videotaped Cox as she called the election of Donald Trump “an act of terrorism” and declared that those “leading the assault are among us.”
O'Neil took the video to leaders from the school's College Republicans, who, joined by attorney Shawn Steel, complained to the campus administration. A week later, saying they were frustrated that the administration had not acted on their concerns of a teacher using her classroom as a bully pulpit, the campus Republicans posted video clips online, where they quickly became national news.
The attention led Cox, 66, an instructor at the school for 42 years, to temporarily leave her home following an onslaught of angry, sometimes threatening mail.
In an interview with the Register last month, Cox said her comments to students – made in all of her three human sexuality classes – were meant to comfort those who were upset about the election of Trump and offer resources should students feel discriminated against.
As a gay Latina, Cox said she was frightened by Trump's election.
Rob Schneiderman, president of the union that represents the district's faculty, said he is satisfied that “there were some consequences and someone is being held responsible.”
Although, he added, “in this type of situation, nobody wins.”
Contact the writer: rkopetman@scng.com and Twitter@roxanakopetman
OKLAHOMA CITY — Holiday travel will be less expensive on Oklahoma's highways than anywhere else in the nation, and Arkansas motorists won't pay much more.
AAA said Monday that the average price for a gallon of regular gasoline in Oklahoma is $2.19 — the lowest in the US. Gas prices in Arkansas are 3 cents higher at an average of $2.22 a gallon.
During the past week, the national average gas price dropped 2 cents to $2.46. AAA says drivers can expect pump prices to continue to drop heading into the holiday season as supply strengthens. AAA spokesperson Leslie Gamble says gasoline demand is expected to weaken throughout the winter.
AAA says West Coast gas prices are among the highest in the country, with motorists in California paying $3.13 per gallon.
Business Travelers Nixing Taxis in Favor of Uber and Lyft
Uber and Lyft, the two leading ride-hailing companies, are becoming even more popular among business travelers while taxis andrentals are falling further behind.
But don't count out the taxi industry just yet.
Business travelers used taxis and car rentals less in the three months ended June 30, with each category losing two percentage points compared with the previous quarter, according to a report from Certify, the nation's largest online expense report management company. Uber and Lyft picked up that business, with usage rising two percentage points for each.
Certify analyzed more than 10 million receipts and expense reports that were filed using its cloud-based system to determine what types of ground transportation business travelers pick.
The latest Certify report shows that taxi use, for the first time, dropped to single digits (8%) of ground transportation expense reports.
Car rental expense reports dropped to 29% of the total number of ground transportation reports in the second quarter from 31% in the first quarter. Uber showed up in 55% of second-quarter expenses and Lyft in 8%, the Certify report said.
The reason for the growing popularity of Uber and Lyft may be simple economics. The average expense receipt for Uber was $24.49 and $21.28 for Lyft. The average taxi cab expense was $31.06, according to the report.
But the taxi industry is working on a comeback in Los Angeles.
The Los Angeles Taxi Commission, which oversees taxi rules in the city, replaced its taxi driver written test earlier this year with a classroom training course. The change has reversed a decline in taxi drivers in the city, said Eric Spiegelman, president of the commission.
"We are now finally adding new drivers to the rolls," he said. "That means several millions of dollars a year" in fees to the city.
The bad news, Spiegelman said, is that taxi companies are still unwilling to cut their rates to better compete with Uber and Lyft.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Watch the 2018-2019 Premier League season LIVE on beIN SPORTS
Chambers joined Arsenal in 2014 and has since made 83 appearances, as well as having a successful loan spell at Middlesbrough in 2016-17 and picking up three England caps.
He made 24 appearances last season as Arsenal finished sixth in the Premier League and reached the Europa League semi-finals.
Emery told the club's official website: "I'm delighted Calum has extended his stay with us.
"He played an important role last season and will be part of my plans this season."
Cheltsie Holbrook: Greene Publishing, Inc.
The Miss Madison County pageant and Baby to Junior Miss Madison County pageant were held this past Saturday, Feb. 11, at the Madison County Central School.
The Baby to Junior Miss Madison County pageant kicked off at 10 a.m. as the children ages birth to 12 years old, took the stage and competed for the crowns in their respective divisions.
Lorelei Cooper was crowned the Baby Miss Madison County Queen, for ages birth to 11 months of age. Cooper also won the prettiest smile award. Elizabeth Stewart was awarded first runner-up along with photogenic. Emilie McCamman won second runner-up along with the prettiest hair, best attire and best stage presence.
Gauge Johnson was crowned Mr. Madison County for ages birth to 11 months of age.
Shayne Deming was crowned the new Infant Miss Madison County Queen for ages 12 to 23 months old. Deming was also awarded special awards such as prettiest smile and best stage presence. Annsley James was awarded first runner-up and also received the prettiest hair, best attire and photogenic awards.
Adalyn Whitfield was crowned the new 2017 Tiny Miss Madison County Queen for girls ages 2-3 years old. Along with her title, Whitfield also won the special awards of the prettiest smile, best stage presence and photogenic. Her court included: Ashlynn Morin, first runner-up and prettiest hair; Maisie Cotrell, second runner-up and best attire; Audrey Abbott, third runner-up; Skylar Chandler, fourth runner-up; and Lillie Kinard, Tiny Miss princess.
Adyson Land was named the 4 to 6 year-old Little Miss Madison County Queen. Land also received the special award of best stage presence. Her court included: Abbigale McLeod, first runner- up and prettiest hair; Leighton Surles, second runner-up, best attire and photogenic; Emma Gamble, third runner-up and prettiest smile; and Bay Brown, fourth runner-up.
­­
Layla Peavey was crowned the Young Miss Madison County Queen for her age division of 7 to 9 year-olds. Her court included: Riley Perry, first runner-up and Kyleigh Jones, second runner-up. The special awards were presented to: Layla Peavey; prettiest smile, best attire and best stage presence; and Riley Perry, the prettiest hair and photogenic.
Leah Singletary was crowned the 10 to 12 Junior Miss Madison County Queen. Her court included: Leandra Land, first runner-up; Ashton Sapp, second runner-up; Stephanie Hasty, third runner-up; Lexi Cooke, Junior Miss princess; and Alexis Lewis, Junior Miss princess. The special awards were presented to: Leah Singletary, the prettiest smile; Lexi Cooke, the prettiest hair; Ashton Sapp, best attire and photogenic; and Leandra Land, best stage presence.
Saturday afternoon, at 4 p.m., the Miss and Teen Miss Madison County Pageants got underway. The crowd enjoyed watching an opening number dance to the song, “Party Rock Anthem” and the competitions of sportswear, casual wear and evening gown.
Anna Key was crowned the new 2017 Teen Miss Madison County. Chosen as her court were: Hanna Marler, first runner-up; Jessica Hasty, second runner-up; Rachel Fry, third runner-up; Simmora Lott, fourth runner-up; Violet Wolfer, Teen Miss participation; Ginger Hernandez, Teen Miss participation; and Deja Jones, Teen Miss participation. The special awards were awarded to: Hanna Marler, the prettiest smile; Rachel Fry, the prettiest hair and photogenic; Anna Key, best attire; Jessica Hasty, best stage presence and director's choice award; Deja Jones, miss congeniality; Simmora Lott, audience choice award.
Erin Jarvis was crowned the new 2017 Miss Madison County. Chosen as her court were: Katelyn Scott, first runner-up; Hope Smith, second runner-up; Esther Hernandez, third runner-up; Jackie Roebuck, fourth runner-up; Shellby Cooke, Miss participation; and Beverly Hernandez, Miss participation. The special awards were presented to: Katelyn Scott, the prettiest smile and best attire; Erin Jarvis, the prettiest hair, best stage presence and photogenic; Hope Smith, Miss Congeniality, the best interview and director's choice award; and Jackie Roebuck, audience choice award.
A special thank-you goes out to the area businesses that donated to the Miss Madison County Pageant: Madison Florist - All queen's flower bouquets; Southern Grace Gifts – Bella Ryan bracelet for Miss and Teen Miss winners; The Mane Attraction - $25 gift certificate and a Thrix Keratin hair package for Miss and Teen Miss winners; Summer Hicks with Daylight Salon & Spa – $15 gift certificate for Miss winner; Ashley Sircey with Daylight Salon & Spa - $15 gift certificate for Miss winner; Susan Williams with Merle Norman Studio and Gifts – Gift certificate for Miss winner; TL Nails – Manicure for Miss and Teen Miss winners; Anna Davis from Daylight Salon & Spa – Stylus mousse, Stylus hairspray, Matrix Oil Wonders shaping oil cream, Matrix cleansing conditioner, Matrix mineral grip definer, Matrix hold booster, Matrix smooth setter and Lanza heating oil for Miss winner; Julie Wood from Daylight Salon & Spa – Redken high shine shampoo, Redken high shine gel conditioner, Redken color extend shampoo and conditioner, Redken extreme shampoo and conditioner, Redken all soft shampoo and conditioner, Redken all soft shampoo and conditioner, L'Oréal shampooing reconstructor, Pureology hairspray, Pureology color care, Essie nail polish and Agadir argan oil hair treatment for Miss and Teen Miss winners; Daisy and Dukes – Lilly Pulitzer tumbler for Miss and Teen Miss winners; The Norris Café - $5 gift certificate for Miss winner; Sunrise Coffee Shop - Gift certificate and Bible for Miss winner; Penelope's Boutique - Bath bomb for Miss and Teen Miss winners; Madison Veterinary Clinic, LLC – Candle for Miss and Teen Miss winners; Leap of Faith Boutique – Jewelry for Miss and Teen Miss winners; and Madison County Community Bank, $100 for Miss winner and $50 for Teen Miss winner.
Also, a thank-you goes out to local businesses, and private citizens, that donated in other ways: Miss Heart of the USA Shelbi McCall - emcee for the afternoon; Miss Madison County 2014 Ashley Skipper – emcee for the morning pageant and score tabulator for the afternoon pageant; Miss Madison County 2012 Ashley McDonald - score tabulator for the afternoon pageant; Miss Lee 2016 Faith Archambault and Celina Quintana – score tabulators for the morning pageant; Miss Watermelon Queen Stephanie English and Teen Miss Watermelon Queen Olivia Walton - collecting tickets during the afternoon pageant; Junior Miss Madison County 2016 Jessica Hasty - collecting tickets during the morning pageant; Ceira Roland – helping backstage; Denny's Restaurant - providing lunch for the judges; Farmers Furniture, proving stage greenery; Leandra Land – providing entertainment during the afternoon pageant; and a big special thank you to Madison County Central School for allowing the Miss Madison County pageant to take place in the gymnasium again this year. Within the Central School, a thank-you goes to Freddy Williams for preparing the facility for the pageant and also to Heather Welch for setting up the sound and music for this year's pageant.
BOOM! Trump Drafts Executive Order On WELFARE- Liberal RAGE Ensues!
Somehow this nation has created a birth-to death welfare mentality, and if it goes uncontrolled we are going to have a nation of people who have no clue what self-reliance means. They will be totally independent on the government…oh wait, too late.
There is a saying that goes something along the lines of…
Give a man a fish, and he will eat for a day. Teach a man how to fish, and he will eat for a lifetime.
This is a true analogy.
There are many on the left to tend to think that the right is cold hearted, selfish, and unwilling to give to their fellowman. The problem is because of Obama's America truth gets lost in translation.
We are only as strong as our weakest link. Why would we want to be enablers to ensure that the weakest link…remains just that, the weakest link. Especially when we can actually help them learn all about the power that comes with being self-reliant.
It's hard work…but that's what makes life worth living. As it is now, those that are freeloading off the welfare system that are able bodied and minded to work…are doing nothing more than just existing.
That's bad.
President Trump knows this.
A copy of a draft order reported by The Washington Post earlier this month (subscription required) and being circulated among cabinet members seeks to address what the order describes as a massive burden on the American taxpayer. The order calls for immigrants “likely to need certain types of public aid” to be identified prior to entry, and for immigrants already using those services to be deported. The draft order also requires strict financial responsibility for relatives who promised to support immigrants who are instead now relying on social aid. The potential savings estimated by the order are as high as “$100 billion,” although little data exists to support that figure.
The problem is that welfare is a way of life for too many immigrants, and this is actually according to the Center for Immigration Studies.
Sure, we can welcome VETTED refugees and immigrants with open arms…but not open wallets. That does not help them, us, or the economy. Instead of loading up their bank account by giving them envelopes of money, teach them to fish.
Of course the left is taking stabs and twisting everything to look like we're bullies…
“He [Trump] would literally be taking food out of the mouths of babes,” Kevin Appleby of the Center for Migration Studies told The Washington Post.
Silly liberals…Trump isn't taking food out of the mouths of babes, he is trying to teach them how to feast.
Twitter user, @theolliemead has recounted the hilarious things men say to her about her massive ‘bombom'.
Read her tweets after the cut…
Think of it as a silver lining to the gathering dark clouds. We live in an era of extraordinary disruption, from the serial crises of a changing climate to the wrenching shifts of a globalized economy. But in that disruption lies the potential for positive transformation.
Transition is already underway.
Addressing climate change requires adapting to the impacts that are already here—heat waves, droughts, superstorms and more—while preventing and mitigating future impacts. Taking these challenges seriously calls for radical changes in the way we live. It calls us to zero out our carbon emissions, and to rethink the systems that shape our lives, including the economy, food and power. It calls us to fundamentally transition from a world of domination and extraction to a world of regeneration, resilience, and interdependence.
It's a tall order, no doubt, but that transition is already underway. In our work with movement builders on the front lines of the transition, we've identified two key guideposts—connectedness and equity—that point us toward the world we want.
Connectedness is the recognition that our well-being is inextricably tied to that of other people and the planet itself. It means there are no throwaway people, no throwaway places, no throwaway anything. In fact, there's no “away”; there's just here. In practice, connectedness is about lifting up the voices of the marginalized, and it means regenerating forgotten places, from industrial brownfields to hollowed-out rural towns and Rust Belt cities. The second guidepost, equity, is about recognizing and repairing the harm generated by situations of extreme power imbalance. Equity is about building power from the bottom up.
When communities are fully engaged in problem-solving, they come up with holistic solutions that address complex, interlocking challenges. Here are three.
Sunset Park, Brooklyn, New York
When Superstorm Sandy ripped through the Eastern Seaboard in 2012, the waterfront neighborhood of Sunset Park was hit hard. Power lines toppled and businesses were shuttered. The neighborhood's industrial district flooded, washing toxic residue into nearby residential areas.
But as the people of Sunset Park worked together to rebuild, a hopeful possibility emerged. What if the neighborhood rebuilt in ways that made the local economy more resilient and equitable, while limiting the impact of climate change? That's the vision of UPROSE, a grassroots environmental justice group that took root in Sunset Park 50 years ago.
“Superstorm Sandy was a real wakeup call for our community.”
“Superstorm Sandy was a real wakeup call for our community,” says UPROSE director Elizabeth Yeampierre. “Climate change is here now, and waterfront communities like ours are extremely vulnerable.” The neighborhood's low-income, immigrant residents were especially at risk, so in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, they turned to UPROSE for a community organizing effort to prepare for a wetter, more uncertain future.
The plan they came up with builds climate resilience while protecting the environment, health, and—crucially—jobs.
The point is not simply to rebuild what was there before; UPROSE members don't want more jobs in the same dirty industries that had polluted the neighborhood for decades. “We have a lot of businesses on the waterfront, and we want to keep them here because people need places to work,” Yeampierre says. “But we want safe places to work.” To that end, UPROSE has joined forces with labor unions, the Center for Working Families, and business owners to transform Sunset Park's industrial space into a manufacturing hub that produces environmentally friendly building and construction materials, powered by renewable energy. And they are encouraging these industries to hire locally.
The process of developing the plan was as transformational as the plan itself.
It's a plan that addresses many problems at once. In a city with skyrocketing inequality and rampant gentrification, it could help preserve the blue-collar jobs that once anchored the middle class. At the same time, it could reduce toxic hazards and make Sunset Park a safer, healthier place to live. And it could reduce the carbon emissions that are driving that change.
The process of developing the plan was as transformational as the plan itself. UPROSE consults with residents on the future they want, then arms them with the tools they need to make that vision a reality. Some residents take on the role of block captains and gather input and educate their neighbors on city planning processes. Through partnerships with researchers, residents conduct participatory action research on issues of concern. It's a deeply democratic, holistic approach that builds local power and increases community control over resources—key elements of community resilience.
Buffalo, New York
Left behind by the globalized economy, Buffalo has lost more than half its population since 1950. By 2005, when the community group People United for Sustainable Housing (PUSH) Buffalo was founded, residents of the West Side neighborhood were struggling with unemployment, rampant blight, and high energy costs.
At that time, there were an estimated 23,000 vacant homes in Buffalo. PUSH took on a state housing agency that was using vacant buildings to speculate on Wall Street, and got the buildings turned over to the community—with funding to fix them up.
PUSH has cultivated a growing network of contractors who are committed to hiring locally.
Next, PUSH brought together hundreds of community residents to craft a plan for a large, blighted area. The result is a 25-square-block Green Development Zone (GDZ), which is now a model of energy-efficient, affordable housing. PUSH and its nonprofit development company rehabilitate homes in the GDZ, installing efficiency upgrades, like insulation and geothermal heating, that dramatically lower residents' utility bills. The organization won a New York state grant to build 46 new homes, including a net zero house, which produces as much energy as it consumes.
The GDZ doubles as a jobs program. Through its construction projects, PUSH has cultivated a growing network of contractors who are committed to hiring locally. And PUSH successfully advocated for New York's Green Jobs-Green New York program, which seeks to create 35,000 jobs while providing energy upgrades and retrofits for 1 million homes across the state.
Across the West Side, PUSH has transformed the urban landscape. In partnership with Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper and the Massachusetts Avenue Project, PUSH has turned trash-strewn, vacant lots into state-of-the-art rain gardens, small urban farms, and aquaponics greenhouses. These urban oases bolster food security, while providing much-needed green space.
Richmond, California
A predominantly low-income community of color is challenging the oil giant that has long dominated their city.
In Richmond, the 3,000-acre Chevron refinery looms over the city with towering smokestacks and tangled pipes going in every direction. The largest of its kind in California, the Chevron refinery showers Richmond with unpronounceable toxic chemicals and periodic fiery explosions that put residents at risk. As a major source of jobs and tax revenue, Chevron has long held outsized influence on the city's politics. But, fed up with their toxic neighbor, residents are working to counterbalance the company's political muscle.
A predominantly low-income community of color is challenging the oil giant.
The first step was to activate community power. A coalition of local nonprofits including the Asian Pacific Environmental Network (APEN), Communities for a Better Environment (CBE), the Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment (ACCE), the Richmond Progressive Alliance, and Faith-Works brought residents together to devise solutions to community problems.
The coalition organized forums and rallies, held regular learning institutes for decision-makers, and encouraged public participation at planning commission meetings. In this way, residents reshaped their city's General Plan to make Richmond less reliant on Chevron. The new General Plan emphasizes green industries, anti-displacement policies, and better mass transit systems. Now, the coalition is at work translating the plan into projects, programs, and laws.
At the same time, the Power campaign in Richmond is working to build community control over essential resources, such as food, land, water, and energy. Our Power partners with Cooperation Richmond, a local co-op incubator and loan fund that helps low-income residents create their own cooperatively owned businesses. The group holds the annual Our Power Festival, which brings together residents, small businesses, and the public sector to envision a transition to local energy management.
Despite this groundswell of community organizing, Chevron continued to hold sway on the City Council. So the organizers switched to electoral tactics to supporting progressive candidates who would stand up to the oil giant. And it worked. In 2014, despite millions of dollars invested in the election by Chevron, residents voted in candidates aligned with community values and renewable energy.
“Winning political power, especially in this political moment, is critical for communities at the intersection of poverty and pollution,” says APEN Action executive director Miya Yoshitani. “If we are going to win back our democracy from the hands of corporations, and win the powerful vision we have for living local economies, we need to invest in organizing the power of the people and the polls in all our neighborhoods.”
A popular Bury St Edmunds department store will close its doors for good this afternoon.
Palmers Homestore, in St Andrews Street South, will shut at 4.30pm today after 58 years of trading in the town.
The shop's closing date was announced in January, with closing down sales starting in February.
Giselle Roadley-Battin, store manager, said: “My staff and I have spent many happy years working for a lovely family but we have been finding it hard to compete with the internet.
“It's just sad for Bury St Edmunds. I think it's going to be a great loss for the Bury people.”
It follows the closure of Palmers Fashion Store, in Buttermarket, in January.
BEIJING (AP) — A top Chinese diplomat sought Friday to allay concerns about his country's increasingly prominent activities in the Arctic, saying Beijing won't interfere in the interests of nations in the region.
Vice Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou (SHWEN'-yo) said China is interested in participating in scientific studies and the exploitation of new sea routes that have opened up with the receding of sea ice.
The involvement and contributions of the Chinese government and companies would "bring opportunities to the Arctic," Kong said at a news conference called to introduce the government's first comprehensive report on its Arctic policy.
"Regarding the role China will play in the Arctic affairs, I want to emphasize two points. One is that we will not interfere; second is that we will not to be absent," Kong said. "Not being an Arctic country, China will not interfere the affairs that are exclusive to the Arctic countries and inside Arctic region."
China's presence in the Arctic has raised fears among some countries, mainly that it is seeking to grab resource-extraction opportunities resulting from climate change.
It has established especially close relations with Iceland's support, with whose support it was granted observer status in 2013 at the Arctic Council, whose core members are Canada, Denmark, Finland, Sweden, Norway, Russia, the United States and Iceland.
Iceland has granted the state-owned China National Offshore Oil Company permission to explore in Iceland's waters and is cooperating on an observatory to study the magnetic phenomena known as the Northern Lights. China also operates a research station in Norway.
Suspicions about China's role in the region manifested themselves in 2011, Iceland blocked an attempt by a Chinese businessman a 300 square kilometer (120 square mile) chunk of its territory to build an eco-resort. Public sentiment ran strongly against the proposed deal, in part because no foreign buyer had ever bought so much land.
Suspicion also lingered when the Aurora Observatory was announced for a sparsely populated region 250 miles (400 kilometers) northeast of Iceland's capital, Reykjavik.
Pascal Heyman, a former official at the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, said in 2014 that the Chinese might want to use the equipment to keep an eye on NATO airspace.
The NFL is getting into bed with Sleep Number, hoping to get some better rest
The NFL and Sleep Number are joining forces to offer every player in the league a Sleep Number 360 smart bed to help improve players' performance by aiding their recovery between games.
The post The NFL is getting into bed with Sleep Number, hoping to get some better rest appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Champion Austin Rogers is the second hit on a Google search for Jeopardy! right now. Why? Because he's a refreshing no-holds-barred contestant on the famously dry TV game show.
The gregarious Rogers is a New York City-based bartender with a 70's anchorman look who's made headlines of late, thanks to his wacky demeanor and subsequent success: he racked up $69,000 in a single episode, and has been the show's champion for the last eight nights with winnings totaling $306,900.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But it's his charisma—not so much his winning streak—that's enchanted viewers on the internet:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Over the course of his still-going eight-episode run, Rogers has deadpanned his way through nearly every correct answer with the finesse of a comedian.
Alex Trebek introduced the champion best: "He's got hair, he's got chutzpah, and broad-based knowledge. He's got quite the showman in him."
You can watch Rogers ham it up on 'Jeopardy!' tonight at 7pm EST.
MALIBU, Calif. — Bryan Alberts made six 3-pointers and finished with 20 points and Long Beach State beat Pepperdine 78-71 on Saturday night.
Alberts was 6 of 15 from the floor. Gabe Levin added 16 points on 6-of-12 shooting for Long Beach State (5-7), which has won two of its last three games. Deishuan Booker made all five of his field goals and his only free-throw attempt and finished with 12 points.
Trae Berhow scored 15 points and Eric Cooper Jr. chipped in 14 for Pepperdine (3-7), which has lost four of five.
The Waves closed the first half on a 9-0 surge to tie it 35-all at halftime. Cooper's 3-pointer tied it again at 51 before the 49ers answered with a 13-2 for a 64-53 lead with eight minutes remaining. Nolan Taylor made back-to-back layups and the Waves pulled to 76-70 with 18 seconds left.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. — Donovan Fields scored 13 of his 15 points in the second half to help Cal Poly beat Hawaii 78-64 on Saturday night.
Cal Poly (8-15, 3-6 Big West Conference) has won two straight since snapping a six-game skid. Hawaii (13-8, 4-4) has lost three in row.
Luke Meikle, Jakub Niziol and Victor Joseph each scored 12 points for the Mustangs.
Sheriff Drammeh scored 17 points to lead Hawaii.
The Rainbow Warriors had a seven-point advantage at the break, but the Mustangs opened the second half with a 16-2 run and led 44-37. Hawaii had its last lead, 54-53 with 9:12 left. A 13-0 run gave Cal Poly a 64-54 lead with 5:32 remaining and the Mustangs cruised from there. Meikle scored four points, Niziol made consecutive 3-pointers and Fields capped the surge with a 3-point play.
Olubadan, chiefs back Ajimobi on Olubadan chieftaincy law review
The move by Oyo State Governor Abiola Ajimobi to review the 1957 Olubadan Chieftaincy Declaration got a boost yesterday.
The Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji and members of the Olubadan-in-Council endorsed the move.
The governor, on May 19, inaugurated a seven-man judicial commission of ienquiry, headed by a retired High Court judge, Justice Akintunde Boade, to review the chieftaincy declaration and other related chieftaincies in Ibadan land.
The royal father, who spoke at the end of a meeting with the governor at the Governor's Office, said he and his chiefs supported the review.
The monarch noted that it would bring development to the ancient city.
Olubadan said: “Our visit (to the governor) today (yesterday), as you can see, is to put paid to the rumours and misgivings about the review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Declaration.
“We have come to show our sincere support to the governor and to let him know that we are on the same page with him as the review is for the progress of Ibadan and its people.”
Also, the Otun Olubadan, Chief Lekan Balogun, who was among the two high chiefs who sued the governor over the matter, attributed his action to what he called communication gap.
Balogun said: “Change is the only constant thing in life. There is nothing that is above change. All the furore, which resulted from government's move, was due to communication gap but that has been resolved now.
“Life is dialectical; things must be changing and we must all be growing with it. The government is quite right to have set up machinery to look into the law and see how it can be made better.
“We believe it is a welcome development, especially with the kind of governor we have who is keenly interested in the growth and development of Ibadan land.”
The high chief said the benefits inherent in the review were many, adding that the Olubadan would henceforth enjoy the company of beaded crown chiefs whenever he has any outing.
This, he said, would raise the status of Ibadan as one of the most important cities in Yoruba land.
Balogun added: “The benefits to be derived from the review are enormous. Even if we don't want to pre-empt the future, we will wait till things are resolved fundamentally. But we know that Olubadan will no longer be moving alone any longer.
“Of course, there will be high chiefs with the nomenclature of obas. But the Olubadan won't be on his own anymore. When royal majesties (in other cities) go out, they are always in company with beaded crown obas.”
The post Olubadan, chiefs back Ajimobi on Olubadan chieftaincy law review appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HAMILTON, New Zealand — The Canadian men's sevens squad fell 14-12 to No. 4 Argentina on Saturday in the Challenge Trophy semifinal at the New Zealand leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series.
Luke Bradley and Justin Douglas had tries for Canada, while Nathan Hirayama scored a conversion.
Bradley put Canada ahead in the fourth minute only for Luciano Gonzalez to respond a minute later for Argentina.
Maximo Provenzano gave Argentina its first lead in the seventh, while Felipe del Mestre had two conversions. Douglas scored a late try to make it close.
Canada's only win at the tournament came in the Challenge Trophy quarterfinals, a 19-14 victory over No. 12 Wales, after dropping all three group matches on Friday.
The Canadian men, who stand 10th overall after three events, lost 28-14 to the seventh-ranked Americans, 19-14 to No. 9 Kenya and 22-14 to No. 11 Samoa.
A rash of injuries at last weekend's stop in Sydney, Australia, opened up spot a spot for Bradley on coach Damian McGrath's squad.
By Joe Brandt | For NJ.com
Halloween is coming up, which means that in a few weeks, stores will be putting out Thanksgiving and Christmas decorations.
If you're going to host trick-or-treaters on All Hallows Eve later this month, you'll need to buy some candy before then (though there is nothing wrong with buying a large half-price bag of Twix the day after and eating a few in your PJs).
Besides, candy wasn't always the focus of the holiday. Halloween used to be about causing mischief and wreaking havoc. Trick-or-treating only became widespread in the 1940s, and costumed kids used to receive more than just candy — think cookies, nickels, or rocks, if you're Charlie Brown.
But candy is king now. The average American eats 22 pounds of it each year.
Candystore.com, which sells candy in bulk across the nation, put together a table of its top sales in each state. Candy corn, that ubiquitous orange stuff that your mom puts in a glass bowl as an edible fall decoration that no one seems to touch, does surprisingly well in sales. Other sweets don't do as well as the candy purveyors hope: for example, salt water taffy didn't crack the Top 3 in New Jersey.
See below for more on the top candies in your state.
Policy Analyst, Dr. Charles Wereko-Brobby wants President Nana Akufo-Addo to “immediately halt” the collection of mandatory towing fees scheduled to take effect next month.
Effective July 1, 2017, vehicle owners and motorcyclists will pay compulsory annual fees, tied to the acquisition of a roadworthy certificate, to cater for towing services.
Fees per year for both commercial and non-commercial vehicles, depending on tonnage, range from Ȼ20 to Ȼ 200.
Road Transport Consultant, Cecil Garbrah on Wednesday, described the decision as “rubbish” arguing, there was not enough awareness creation on the regulation.
Dr. Wereko-Brobby
Speaking Thursday, June 15, 2017, on the Super Morning Show on Joy FM, Dr. Wereko-Brobby who is Chief Policy Analyst at the Ghana Institute of Public Policy Options (GIPPO) said, it is unfair to make all vehicle owners pay for someone else' vehicle to be towed.
“A sinner must pay for their sins,” argued the senior citizen, popularly known as Tarzan.
He, therefore, suggested to President Akufo-Addo to intervene and halt the July 1 implementation, to allow enough time for thorough discussion on the many questions that are arising from the issue.
“I think the president of Ghana should order an immediate halt to this directive,” he said, suspecting that this could be another case of “create, loot and share”.
Mounting a strong defence
The Road Safety Management Limited (RSML) claims it leads four other companies that will split 85 percent of funds accruing from the levies.
Marketing Communications Officer for Road Safety Management Limited (RSML)
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Authority (DVLA), as well as the Ghana Police Service, will take 5% each, whereas the Ministry of Finance and the NRSC will split the remaining 5% of the proceeds.
Marketing Communications Officer at the RSML, Roland Walker noted that the concept of relying on private companies to tow broken down vehicles is fairly common.
“I will find it peculiarly surprising that it can't be replicated in this country…” Mr. Walker remarked.
He said the RMSL: “went through a competitive bidding process following a feasibility study that was conducted by the Road Safety Commission” before the RSML was awarded the contract.
Play audio attached:
Kaduna State launches residency card for social services, security
Kaduna State government on Wednesday launched its residency card calling on all residents to register for effective provision of social services to the people. Speaking with journalists shortly after he registered at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission, NIMC, the state Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Muhammad Abdullahi, explained […]
Kaduna State launches residency card for social services, security
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Motherboard flagged some of the posts and alerted Facebook to the issue. A few of the posts were removed today. "We work hard to keep your account secure and safeguard your personal information," a Facebook spokesperson told Motherboard. "Posts containing information like social security numbers or credit card information are not allowed on Facebook, and we remove this material when we become aware of it. We are constantly working to improve these efforts, and we encourage our community to report anything they see that they don't think should be in Facebook, so we can take swift action."
"On their end it's pure laziness to wait for an abuse report to stop posts that are following a doxing template," digital security trainer Matt Mitchell told Motherboard. And Facebook's reliance on user flagging to spot inappropriate content came up frequently during Mark Zuckerberg's Congressional hearings earlier this month.
Further, this isn't the first time Facebook has been caught allowing illicit sales on its platform. In 2016, it apologized for a "technical issue" that allowed users to sell illegal items like drugs, guns and baby hedgehogs on Marketplace. And while Facebook changed its community guidelines in 2016, banning person-to-person gun sales, enforcing those rules turned out to be a challenge for the company.
Image: Motherboard
PITTSBURGH — The Pittsburgh Penguins spent the first three months of the regular season looking tired, lethargic, blah.
Then the calendar flipped to January and the urgency the Penguins lacked for long stretches as they slogged through their opening 40 games returned. So did the goals. Now they're coming bunches and so are the wins. And suddenly a legitimate shot at a three-peat doesn't seem quite so far-fetched after all.
Phil Kessel scored twice and picked up an assist, Evgeni Malkin had two goals and two assists, and the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions pulled away late for a 7-4 victory over the Washington Capitals on Friday night.
“Now we feel so much better, we enjoy playing,” Malkin said. “We know we can score so many goals.”
Bryan Rust, Carl Hagelin and Patric Hornqvist also scored as the Penguins won their fourth straight to draw within four points of first-place Washington in the crowded Metropolitan Division. Sidney Crosby had two assists to push his scoring streak to 11 games, the longest active streak in the NHL.
Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for Pittsburgh, which won its seventh consecutive home game by jumping on the Capitals before using a four-goal outburst in the third period to fend off a Washington comeback thanks in part the NHL's top-ranked power play. The Penguins scored three times with the man advantage, including twice in the third on goals by Rust and Malkin.
“In all my years around this league, I haven't been around a group as dynamic as this,” Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said.
Alex Ovechkin scored twice to push his season total to an NHL-best 32 and Dmitry Orlov and Evgeny Kuznetzov also scored for the Capitals, but Washington couldn't keep pace.
Braden Holtby finished with 27 saves but gave up three goals in the opening 8 minutes of the third period before being pulled in favour of Phillpp Grubauer as Pittsburgh broke open a tight game.
“We can play better,” Capitals coach Barry Trotz said. “We were a little loose with the puck at times, so it'll be a good lesson for us.”
The Penguins improved to 10-3 since New Year's Day, a stretch in which they've climbed from 10th in the Eastern Conference to within striking distance of Washington with still two months to go before the post-season.
The prospect of another potential playoff showdown looms, even if the outcome tends to be one-sided when the longtime rivals meet in the spring. Their seemingly annual post-season series usually ends with the Penguins skating on to the next round while Washington wonders how it let it get away once again.
While it's far too early to panic or even project, the Capitals understand they can't give up three power-play goals and go 0 for 3 with the man advantage and expect to keep pace.
“When we play 5-on-5, we have a better chance,” Ovechkin said. “I think our power play has to get better, for sure. You can't get that many chances and not know how to score, not know how to play at this stage.”
Pittsburgh never trailed and never wavered after the Capitals erased 2-0, 3-2 and 4-3 deficits. Kuznetzov tied it at 3 when he flipped a bouncing puck in the slot by Murray 11:57 into the second to give Washington a shot at picking up its seventh victory this season in a game in which it trailed by at least two goals.
Not this time. Malkin put in his own rebound 1:01 into the third to put the Penguins back in front. Ovechkin evened it just 49 seconds later after a slick cross-ice feed from Kuznetzov, but Pittsburgh simply kept on coming.
Rust picked up his third goal in his last two games to put the Penguins ahead to stay, Kessel followed with his second of the night and 23rd of the season to chase Holtby. Malkin finished the outburst with his team-leading 28th of the season, 14 of which have come since Jan. 1.
NOTES: Hornqvist left in the third period with a lower-body injury after being hit by Washington D Brooks Orpik and did not return. Hornqvist will be re-evaluated on Saturday and will not travel with the team when it faces New Jersey on Saturday night. … Pittsburgh F Carter Rowney played 9:05 in his return after missing a month with an upper-body injury. … The Penguins scratched D Chad Ruhwedel, D Matt Hunwick and injured F Conor Sheary (lower-body). … Washington scratched D Taylor Chorney and F Jakub Vrana.
UP NEXT
Capitals: Host Las Vegas on Sunday.
Penguins: Face the Devils for the first time this season on Saturday.
——
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
ST. ALBERT, Alta. — Memorial scholarships are being set up to honour four Alberta hockey players who were killed in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash.
Logan Hunter, Jaxon Joseph, Conner Lukan and Stephen Wack were among the 16 people killed on April 6 when the junior hockey team's bus and a semi-trailer collided at a rural Saskatchewan intersection.
Each of the four had played minor hockey in the community northwest of Edmonton.
The deaths led to the establishment of the St. Albert Humboldt Remembrance Committee in mid-May.
The committee says it will honour the legacy of each young man by installing memory plaques on four benches in St. Albert.
They are also raising money for memorial scholarships named for the four players.
“The tragedy of the Humboldt Broncos has been felt very deeply here in St. Albert and across Canada,” said Nolan Crouse, chairman of the committee. “We have supported one another as we collectively mourned, and now we plan to do something positive to honour the memories of these young men.”
Another 13 players were injured in the crash.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High around 90F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Clear skies with a few passing clouds. Low 81F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) — Greece's prime minister has hosted a regional summit of four Balkan countries in the northern city of Thessaloniki, amid peaceful protests against a deal for neighboring Macedonia to change its name.
Alexis Tsipras met Wednesday with Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic, and the prime ministers of Romania and Bulgaria, Viorica Dancila and Boyko Borissov.
Talks focused on energy and local road and rail transport networks, which, Tsipras said, together with harbor projects in the Aegean and the Black Sea, would help sea-borne trade bypass the congested Bosporus Straits in Turkey.
Several hundred Greeks who oppose the country's deal for Macedonia to be renamed "North Macedonia," which is set to end a 27-year dispute, tried to reach the meeting venue but were prevented by robust police forces.
No clashes were reported.
Jeff Sessions Announces Crackdown on Darknet Opioid Sales
The Justice Department has formed a new team to fight online opioid sales, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Monday.
Dubbed the Joint Criminal Opiod Darknet Enforcement Team, or J-Code, the task force will focus on opioid sales transacted on the darkweb.
According to Mr. Sessions, J-Code will more than double the FBI's investment in fighting online opioid trafficking. The FBI will also dedicate dozens more special agents, intelligence analysts and professional staff to the team.
The DEA and the Justice Department's Safe Streets Task Force and Health Care Fraud Special Agents will also work with J-Code.
"Criminals think that they are safe on the darkness, but they are in a rude awakening," Mr. Sessions said. "We have already infiltrated their networks and we are determined to bring them to justice. In the midst of the deadliest drug crisis in American history, the FBI and the Department of Justice are stepping up our investment in fighting opioid-related crimes."
In November, the attorney general ordered all 94 U.S. Attorney offices to designate an opioid coordinator who will customize anti-opioid strategies for their districts.
Mr. Sessions announced J-Code's formation during a speech in Pittsburgh. In 2016, more than 4,000 Pennsylvanians died of a drug overdose, a 37 percent increase from the previous year, Mr. Sessions said. Allegheny County, where Pittsburgh is located, accounted for 650 deaths two years ago.
"It is looking like 2017 will see another increase, but the preliminary data appears to show that the increase will not be as drastic," Mr. Sessions said. "But as we all know these are not numbers -- these are moms, dads, daughters, spouses, friends and neighbors."
In July 2017, Mr. Sessions orders the creation of a new program to focus specifically on investigating opioid-related health care fraud, known as the Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit.
A month later, the Justice Department announced the seizure of the largest darknet marketplace, known as Alpha Bay. The site hosted nearly 220,000 drug listings and was responsible for synthetic opioid overdoses, including the death of a 13-year-old, Mr. Sessions said.
In August, the department formed an Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit to focus specifically on investigating opioid-related health care fraud.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
The 26-year-old finished the 800-yard swim, the 14-mile bike and the 5-kilometer run on the Big Lake course in 1:06:15, winning his age division (25-29) and knocking nearly two and a half minutes off his first place time at Warner Lake Park in Clearwater on July 8.
Storhaug was the sixth competitor out of the water on Saturday, but his transition to the bike was quicker than two others, including the leader in his division. He held onto fourth place overall and first in the men's 25-29 division until the finish line.
He finished the swim in 8 minutes, 15 seconds, the bike in 37 minutes, 19 seconds and the run in 19 minutes, 2 seconds.
There were 194 participants in the triathlon, and 14 of them were in Storhaug's division.
To determine the winner of the Graniteman Series, the three race times are averaged out. Storhaug's 59:49 at Buffalo, 1:48:41 at Clearwater and 1:06:15 gave him a 1:04:55 average, which was 5 minutes, 23 seconds ahead of second place Will Delaney of St. Michael.
Peggy Radford of St. Paul carded a hole-in-one while golfing at the Nordic Trails Golf Course in Alexandria on Aug. 5.
Radford was golfing with Matt Radford, Jeff Kramer and Annie Kramer when she aced the par-three sixth hole. She used an eight iron from 90 yards.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: todaygh.com
2017-10-06
Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry, Mr. Robert Ahomka-Lindsay
Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry, Mr. Robert Ahomka-Lindsay, has charged personnel of the Customs, Excise and Preventive Service (CEPS) division and other key stakeholders in critical operational areas to play a leading role in the provision of single window and e-solution services in Africa.
This, according to him, will go a long way to promote trade facilitation and revenue mobilisation in Africa, stressing that the single-window platform was a win-win for all stakeholders, as it helps to simplify port operations and transactions.
Speaking at the closing session of the sixth International Single-Window Conference and Exhibition yesterday in Accra, Mr. Ahomka-Lindsay stressed the need for the customs personnel at the ports, boarders and critical operational areas to support the implementation of the paperless port project and single window concepts.
He touched on the implementation of the paperless port project initiated by the current administration to address the issue of revenue leakages at the ports.
He urged African countries which signed onto the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) to embrace the single window and e-solution services.
Mr. Ahomka-Lindsay stated that a single-window was feasible if attention was paid to critical factors in its implementation such as the political will, the legal framework, technical issues, business model and stakeholder coordination.
In January 2017, according to him, Ghana signed onto the Trade Facilitation Agreement which seeks to make cross-border trade across the globe much easier.
Marilou Danley, left, during a trip to the Philippines in 2013 with Stephen Paddock, far right, the gunman responsible for 58 deaths in Las Vegas - Facebook
The girlfriend of the Las Vegas mass murderer has described him as a "kind, caring, quiet man" as police pored over the gunman's "secret life".
Marilou Danley was interviewed by FBI agents on Wednesday in a bid to discover the motive of Stephen Paddock, who is said to have spent decades acquiring weapons.
There was no evidence at this point to indicate that the mass shooting was terrorism, FBI Special Agent in Charge Aaron Rouse told a news conference, adding no one had been taken into custody as a suspected accomplice.
Ms Danley said in a statement that she had no clue he was planning the massacre that left 59 dead and more than 500 injured in America's worst ever mass shooting.
View photos Air Force One departs Las Vegas past the broken windows on the Mandalay Bay hotel, where shooter Stephen Paddock conducted his mass shooting along the Las Vegas Strip in Las VegasCredit: Reuters More
"I knew Stephen Paddock as a kind, caring, quiet man. I loved him and hoped for a quiet future together with him.
"He never said anything to me or took any action that I was aware of that I understood in any way to be a warning that something horrible like this was going to happen."
Ms Danley said in the statement that Paddock had told her two weeks ago that he had found a cheap plane ticket for her to visit family in the Philippines.
"Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends. While there, he wired me money, which he said was for me to buy a house for me and my family."
View photos Still claiming to show Marilou Danley, girlfriend of the Las Vegas gunman, arrived at Los Angeles International AirportCredit: NBC News More
She said she became concerned at that point, thinking he wanted to break up with her.
"It never occurred to me in any way whatsoever that he was planning violence against anyone."
She added that she was praying for the victims of the massacre.
"I am a mother and grandmother and my heart breaks for all who have lost loved ones," she said.
View photos Stephen Paddock with Marilou Danley More
More details emerged on Wednesday showing the extent to which the attack was meticulously planned.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition and several containers of an explosive commonly used in target shooting that totalled 50 pounds in his car, Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said. But the sheriff said he didn't know what, if anything, Paddock planned with the explosives.
The shooter also sprayed 200 rounds of gunfire into the hallway when an unarmed security guard, identified as Jesus Campos, approached his hotel room.
The security guard, who was hit in the leg, then helped a group of police officers clear out rooms on the 32nd floor of the hotel, before they finally got to Paddock.
Jesus Campos, an unarmed security guard for the Mandalay Bay, stopped the massacre by approaching the shooters room and drawing fire. Hero. — dylan (@dybry21) October 4, 2017
Lombardo said Paddock planned to survive and escape from the hotel, but he didn't say how.
"We have produced a profile of someone who is disturbed and dangerous," Lombardo said.
Lombardo told reporters he found it hard to believe that the arsenal of weapons, ammunition and explosives recovered by police in their investigation could have been assembled by Paddock completely on his own.
"You have to make an assumption that he had some help at some point," Lombardo said, adding that the attack was the obvious outcome of meticulous planning.
"What we know is that Stephen Paddock is a man who spent decades acquiring weapons and ammo and living a secret life, much of which will never be fully understood," the sheriff said.
The 64-year-old high-stakes gambler and real estate investor specifically requested an upper-floor room with a view of the music festival when he checked in last Thursday, according to a person who has seen hotel records turned over to investigators but wasn't authorized to speak publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Authorities have said he brought 23 weapons in 10 suitcases into the room and set up cameras inside and out to watch for police closing in on him. But Lombardo said on Wednesday that none of the cameras was recording.
Speaking to first responders in the city, Donald Trump said the killer must have had his "wires screwed up".
The president, who made a private visit to a hospital with his wife, Melania, said investigators were “learning a lot more” about Paddock.
Flanked by doctors at the hospital Mr Trump said he had met “terribly wounded” patients who were “some of the most amazing people” and had shown “tremendous bravery”.
Mr Trump said he had invited them to the White House. He said: “The only message is we're with you 100 per cent. Believe me, I'll be there for them. We have a great country and we are there for you.”
He added: “It's a very, very sad day for me, personally.”
During his visit Mr Trump deflected a question about whether the US has a problem with gun violence. "We're not going to talk about that today," he said.
Mr Trump's motorcade passed close to the Mandalay Bay Hotel where Paddock, 64, launched his devastating attack on Sunday night.
Ms Danley, 62, arrived at Los Angeles airport on Wednesday morning on a flight from the Philippines.
She was pushed through the airport in a wheelchair by FBI agents who took her to their field office for questioning.
Reynaldo Bustos, her brother, told ABC News that he spoke to his sister following the shooting.
"I called her up immediately and she said, 'Relax, we shouldn't worry about it. I'll fix it. Do not panic. I have a clean conscience,'" Bustos told ABC News in the Philippines.
Ms Danley is an Australian citizen and her sisters there said they believed she was “sent away” by Paddock to the Philippines a week before the shooting.
It also emerged that Paddock may have intended to target a bigger Las Vegas outdoor music festival the previous weekend. He tried unsuccessfully to book a room overlooking the Life is Beautiful event where performers included Damon Albarn's band Gorillaz. That festival was attended by 50,000 people each day.
There were unconfirmed reports a receipt for Paddock's last room service meal at the Mandalay Bay showed there may have been an additional person in his room, and it was also disclosed that Paddock had been taking the anti-anxiety drug Valium. Paddock was prescribed 50 tablets on June 21.
Andrew McCabe, FBI Deputy Director, said he was surprised at the lack of an apparent motive. He said: “This individual and this attack didn't leave the sort of immediately accessible thumbprints that you find on some mass casualty attacks.”
Related Video:
Here's a funny addition to the Gallagher brothers' long-running personal feud and/or publicity gambit: The founder of Manchester, England music festival Parklife claims he's been inundated by inquiries about potato peelers in the three days since Liam Gallagher was announced as a headliner.
“We've been so blown away by this week's launch and the demand for tickets, but even more blown away at how many people have asked to bring in potato peelers for Liam's main stage performance!” promoter Sacha Lord-Marchionne told the Manchester Evening News (via the Guardian). “In case you're wondering—the answer is most definitely no!”
Why? Well, potato peelers often contain sharp metal blades—oh, but why? Recall a viral moment from three months ago, when nemesis Noel Gallagher debuted scissors player as part of his live ensemble on Later… with Jools Holland. Liam was having absolutely none of it, and jokingly suggested that someone ought to “peel some spuds live on stage” at his next performance. (Liam spent most of 2016 repeatedly calling Noel a “potato” on Twitter, for reasons never made entirely clear.) Someone did actually bring a potato and peeler to Liam's show, and received a Twitter shout-out for his trouble.
All of this makes the alleged peeler ban at Parklife Festival amusing, if not quite entirely plausible. What self-respecting Britrock fan dials up the authorities to ask permission to please bend the rules five months in advance?
As of now, Parklife's actual list of banned items makes no mention of potato peelers. The festival does appear to have retained its controversial ban on so-called “man-bags,” as opposed to bags carried by other genders. Publicity, they love a bit of it.
British diver Tom Daley married Milk screenwriter Dustin Lance Black in May 2017, but the newlyweds just posted their wedding video online and will donate proceeds from the video to LGBT+ Switchboard and It Gets Better.
The couple met at a party in 2013, and Daley came out as gay later that year. They made their first public appearance in 2014.
The two got hitched at Bovey Castle in Devon, England, surrounded by 50 close friends and relatives.
Black gushed, “When Tom and I met four years ago, I knew instantly that I was in trouble. I knew I'd met my match. I'd met someone who could inspire me, someone who I could admire but also somebody who would naturally be my best friend.”
While Daley said, “Every single part of him, the way he thinks, the way he acts, and everything that he does just makes me fall in love with him every single day more and more.”
In other entertainment news, a hotel staffer says Usher did hook up with a woman who is now suing him:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault trial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial was poised to begin deliberating Tuesday after prosecutors portrayed the 80-year-old former TV star as a serial predator who drugged and molested a woman 14 years ago. The defense called Cosby's accuser a "pathological liar" scheming for a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pit Cosby, the beloved comedian whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that he gave her pills and violated her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
"He is nothing like the image that he played on TV," prosecutor Kristen Feden told jurors in her closing argument. "In fact, he utilized that image and cloaked it around himself so that he could gain the trust, gain the confidences of these aspiring, unsuspecting women."
The defense urged jurors to acquit, saying the charges were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at Cosby's first trial deliberated for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that chief accuser Andrea Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. "You are."
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time she has attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that Cosby maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around her husband. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, Camille Cosby left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit. Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter. And the defense ripped into the other accusers, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to come forward in recent years with fabricated accounts.
Feden bristled at what she called the defense's "horrible character assassination" of Constand and the other women.
She called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
"Yes, you did hear about a con," Feden said, her voice rising as she moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. "The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here."
She also called out Cosby for smirking during her presentation.
"This is his con, and he's laughing like it's funny, but there's nothing funny about stripping a woman of her decency," Feden said. "There's nothing funny about that, Mr. Cosby."
The defense, meanwhile, highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years.
Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting him had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that she was the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be her grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed her lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester Scouts are in rehearsal for the 61st production of the Gang Show.
The show will be at the Vanbrugh Theatre at The King's School from Tuesday, February 21 - Saturday, February 25.
The cast consists of young people from all over Chester and district and promises to be an entertaining mix of song, dance and comedy.
A younger cast this year have embraced the challenging dance routines and harmonies in the music.
New material written by the show's production team, producer Keith harding and business manager Alex Davis, includes a sketch called Brexit for Beginners.
Other highlights included a Star Trek themed item from the Cub Scouts whilst the Beaver Scouts will don their Pearly King costumes for London Town.
Tickets are available from www.chestergangshow.net .
It may not be Easter quite yet, but the discounting has already begun at the online retail giant...
With Easter on the way, online retailing giant Amazon have already begun discounting products.
Advertisement
As with all Amazon discount events, it's expected that the website will discount a range of products from across many departments during the sale, including TVs, technology, gardening accessories, headphones, speakers, food and drink, books, fashion items and clothes, mobile phones, perfume, toys and much more.
When does the Amazon Early Easter Sale begin?
The Amazon Early Easter Sale begins on 19th March 2018 and runs until the 26th March.
What are the best Amazon Early Easter Sale deals and discounts?
Are there Lightning Deals?
Yep. As usual with an Amazon sale there are a ton of Lightning Deals day and night throughout the event.
They come from across the Amazon range and often have very limited stocks, so it's worth continuing to check back here regularly.
What if I don't want to spend lots of money?
Looking for a cheap deal? Try checking out these offers for under £15
Advertisement
I want my stuff quickly!
For one day delivery on millions of items, plus a host of other benefits including access to Amazon Prime Video, Prime Music and more you can get Amazon Prime. You can even get a free one month trial!
DETROIT — Blake Griffin's first few days with the Detroit Pistons were a bit of a whirlwind.
Detroit was able to win two close games with him, but coach Stan Van Gundy sees a lot of room for improvement.
“I've got to get it figured out offensively,” Van Gundy said. “I'm not helping him or us a lot. You could actually see today in the early fourth quarter, we were actually a lot smoother when he was out because we were just playing.
“I've got this great player now, and so we're just sort of playing to him all the time, and the defence is all loaded up.”
Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds, and Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift the Pistons to a 111-107 victory over the Miami Heat on Saturday night. Whatever Van Gundy's issues were with the offence, they didn't prevent Detroit from scoring 35 points in the final quarter.
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons, including a late 3-pointer of his own. Detroit has won three in a row, the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring him in a trade .
Griffin's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101, but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play, making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left. Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession, and Smith sank his only 3-point attempt of the game, from the right corner with 14 seconds to play.
“We played that the way we wanted, but Griffin made the pass and Smith stepped up and hit the 3,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. “It doesn't matter if he's not known as a 3-point shooter, he made that one when they really needed it.”
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat, who have lost three in a row. Miami was without centre Hassan Whiteside, who was out with an illness.
Smith, who has struggled at times while trying to replace injured point guard Reggie Jackson, went 11 of 14 from the field and finished three points shy of his career high. His previous season high was 19 points.
Griffin had 16 points, nine rebounds and seven assists.
“Just a little more tired today — the adrenaline wore off a little bit, just the toll of the week,” Griffin said. “It's amazing to see all these guys step up and play so well.”
TIP-INS
Heat: Olynyk and Josh Richardson scored 19 points for the Heat, and James Johnson added 18.
Pistons: Langston Galloway scored 13 points, surpassing 2,000 for his career. … Detroit was without G Luke Kennard (foot) and G Dwight Buycks (illness).
BIG NIGHT
Drummond had at least 20 points and 20 rebounds for the sixth time this season. He has 19 20-20 games since 2012-13.
He also had four steals, four blocks and six turnovers. He was the first player with at least 20 points, 20 rebounds, four steals and four blocks since Hakeem Olajuwon on Dec. 22, 1989.
IMPORTANT EDGE
Drummond and Griffin had nearly as many rebounds as the entire Miami team, and the Pistons finished with a 49-33 advantage in that category.
“They are really tough, because they've got two of the best rebounders in the league, especially Drummond,” Olynyk said. “You have to stop him, and then you've got to stop Griffin, who has all that strength and that vertical leap. You have to find a way, but it isn't easy.”
UP NEXT
Heat: Host the Orlando Magic on Monday night.
Pistons: Host the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday night.
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
——
Follow Noah Trister at http://www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
DISTURBING Turn Of Events: County Sheriff Says We Have To Assume Las Vegas Shooter “Had Helped” [VIDEO]
I watched Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo give this press conference on TV. He's certainly right when he says the guy would have had to have been a super-villain to pull this off himself. And he's right to assume he had help. I don't see how he couldn't have had assistance in all this and there are far too many unanswered questions still floating around. Yep, they are talking to the Filipino girlfriend, but there's another woman that spent time with Paddock right up until the shooting. There's even a receipt showing two people ate in his room and there are reports of a woman who was telling people they were all going to die.
And I also just don't believe this guy could move this many guns, tons of ammo and explosive material and the Filipino girlfriend not ever see any of it. He had to train frequently as well. Something is just way off here and I have no idea what it is yet. Lombardo said, “Look at this. You look at the weapon obtaining the different amounts of tannerite available, do you think this was all accomplished on his own, face value? You got to make the assumption he had to have help at some point, and we want to insure that's the answer. Maybe he's a super guy, superhero–not a hero, super–I won't use the word. Maybe he's super — that was working out this out on his own, but it will be hard for me to believe that.”
He also stated, “Here's the reason why, put one and one–two and two together, another residence in Reno with firearms, okay, electronics and everything else associated with larger amounts of ammo, a place in Mesquite, we know he had a girlfriend. Do you think this is all self-facing individual without talking to somebody, it was sequestered amongst himself. Come on focus folks these type of investigations have been occurring in the last few years and we have to investigate that.”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
This guy had no criminal history. He had no freaking digital, social media footprint. He was communicating with someone in some fashion and that needs to be uncovered. He evidently planned a car bomb. He also had checked out a room downtown that would have overlooked another concert. He had reserved a room in Chicago overseeing the Lollapalooza event that Malia Obama was at and he reserved a room in Boston. They are now saying he planned to escape and it looks to me that he was going to try other attacks before fleeing. I have to wonder if that $100,000 sent to the Philippines was so he could flee after he was done. In the end, he failed at that and took the easy way out by killing himself. But this whole set up is beyond hinky.
Paddock had no military background… no training in firearms that we know of. He was certainly no Navy SEAL. A multi-millionaire just suddenly decides to off a bunch of innocent people. We need to know why, if for nothing else for closure. But I'm thinking there's got to be more to this. A lot more and I'm certain the authorities know a lot more than they are saying at this point. He had 42 guns, 23 in the room with a dozen bumpstocks. He had ammonium nitrate and tannerite in his car. He had thousands and thousands of rounds of ammo and I've seen pictures of stacks of magazines on the floor of his room. He set up cameras to watch for police and to film himself. ISIS has claimed four times he was a convert to Islam six months ago and was a soldier for Allah. But Jihadists don't commit suicide like that. So, I'm perplexed over this guy.
The FBI has also noted that they are following up leads “all across the country” and “around the world.” So, in the end, I think there is a lot more to this story. I just honestly have no idea what it is at this point. I would suggest they find that other woman and fast. She may try and finish some of what he started.
A Slate Belt musician whose songs helped teach children on ABC's "Schoolhouse Rock" has died.
His son, Chris, says 94-year-old Bob Dorough died of natural causes Monday at his home in Upper Mount Bethel Township.
According to his biography, the jazz musician "set the multiplication tables to music" as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985. It was revived from 1993 to 1999.
"It was a bolt of lightning coming down," Dorough said of the series' popularity in a 2011 interview with lehighvalleylive.com
He also wrote the song "Devil May Care," which jazz great Miles Davis recorded as an instrumental version.
Dorough was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas. He headed to New York City after graduating from the University of North Texas in 1949. He eventually settled in Pennsylvania.
A funeral is tentatively scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel.
Dogara Raises The Alarm Over Plot To Manipulate 2018 Census
Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, yesterday cautioned against the conduct of population census in 2018, saying the outcome of the exercise may become vulnerable to manipulation.
He called on those clamouring for conduct of the census in 2018 to exercise patience till after the 2019 general elections when there would be no political pressure to manipulate its outcome.
Noting that conducting a population census in an election year may generate unrealistic results, Dogara advised that the next administration should conduct the census at the beginning of its tenure when there isn't so much at stake.
A statement signed by his special adviser on media and public affairs, Turaki Hassan, quoted the Speaker as saying he was just offering selfless advice.
He said, “I won't advise anyone to conduct national census in 2018. I said it before that if we are not going to achieve it in 2017, then we should just forget it until after 2019. If you conduct census at the niche of elections, there will be so much pressure, crisis and the lure for people to manipulate the figures for political reasons, such that the agency cannot even cope with.
“So, it is better for a fresh administration to conduct this exercise from the beginning of that administration when we do not have any pressure of elections in sight. Then we may have something that resembles reality, but I can bet you if the census is conducted in 2018, the outcome will be doubtable.
“Seriously speaking, because I know who we are and I know the kind of litigations, backlashes, the pressure and we don't need that now to be candid. We have so many challenges. Let's empower the agencies to keep building on the blocks that they will leverage on in the future in order to do the exercise but doing it in 2018, honestly it is nothing I would advocate”.
2018 Census Still Feasible – NPC
In a swift reaction to Speaker Dogara's stance, the National Population Commission (NPC) said yesterday that it was still hoping to conduct the proposed population census in 2018, while it awaits a presidential proclamation.
The commission's former acting director of public affairs, Dr Isa Yahaya, who stated this told LEADERSHIP that the Speaker was simply expressing his personal opinion on the proposed census.
“Dogara's comment is his personal opinion and not an official position. We are still waiting for the president to make a proclamation”, he noted.
Yahaya, however, said that the commission appreciates Dogara's concern, while encouraging more Nigerians to come up with their views.
He maintained that the commission's ultimate objective was to have a credible census.
Speaker's Statement Undemocratic – Afenifere
On its part, the Pan Yoruba socio- cultural organization, Afenifere Renewal Group, yesterday urged Speaker Dogara to stop relying on assumptions and embrace tested realities.
In its reaction to the statement issued by the Speaker on the conduct of population census, Afenifere said they have noticed Digara's “proclivity to bully his way in a dictatorial manner, despite heading a significant democratic institution.
“Dogara knows quite well that democracy is about consultation and dialogue but, like a military despot, prefers to shun these democratic tenets before seeking to impose his agenda on the nation”, publicity secretary of the group, Kunle Famoriyo, noted in a statement.
Afenifere observed that of recent, Dogara had been speaking “on critical and sensitive national issues and expressing views which, according to available records, have not been debated in the House.
“As the Speaker, his views should only reflect what has been thoroughly debated. Such undemocratic attitude is the reason Nigeria continues to fail at evolving a true and genuine nationhood. If census should not hold as proposed in 2018, it should be a national consensus and not the working assumption of a few leaders who pretend to know what is best for the country”, the group argued.
PDP Kicks, Says Census Must Not Be politicised
Also, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) yesterday warned that moves to postpone the census from the due date will amount to altering the laws without formal constitutional amendment.
The acting national publicity secretary of the party, Hon. Bernard Mikko, cautioned that the proposed census should not be politicised.
Speaking with LEADERSHIP yesterday evening, he said, “The issue of census should not be politicised. Under our statutes, it should be conducted in every ten years.
“Any attempt to postpone the census from the due date will amount to altering the laws without a formal constitutional amendment. We should abide by our laws for positive development”.
ACF, Balarabe Musa, react
Our correspondents report that the statement by speaker Dogara generated flurry of reactions with the apex northern socio-cultural organisation, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), cautioning him against making statements that could overheat the polity.
ACF spokesman, Muhammad Ibrahim Biu, in a message he sent to our correspondent in Kaduna said “Nigeria as Nation should not be afraid of political challenges, rather it should deice a means to overcome them. Our politicians should restraint themselves from making statements that would unnecessary overheat the polity. The NPC must put in place all necessary logistics to ensure free and fair nation census”
Also, former Governor of old Kaduna State and an elder statesman, Balarabe Musa, condemned the call for postponement of the nation's head count as championed by Speaker Dogara noting “We must abide by the constitution of Nigeria. If the constitution says so nothing the Speaker Dogara and the legislature can do.”
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Milwaukee had its four-game winning streak snapped Tuesday night in an 6-1 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals at Miller Park.
Rough inning does in Zach Davies
Advertisement
A four-run second inning was too much for starter Zach Davies to overcome. Some of it was his own fault — he walked in a run with the bases loaded — and some wasn't — a miscommunication on a ground ball up the middle allowed two runs to score — but the inning allowed the Cardinals to break the game open.
“Yeah, it was tough, but that's baseball,” Davies said of little going his way. “It's going to happen.”
It was his second outing since coming off the disabled list, which he was on due to some soreness in his rotator cuff. He told reporters afterwards that he fell on the shoulder in his first outing back and was experiencing soreness again.
“Everything hasn't felt great the last couple games starting back, but you're at the top level,” Davies said, “You've got to find it sometime.”
Davies ended up going five innings, allowing five runs on eight hits while walking three and striking out four. He fell to 2-5 on the year, making him the only starter in the Milwaukee rotation that is currently under .500.
Losing Tyler Saladino
Shortstop Tyler Saladino had been a big bright spot in recent weeks, playing so well that Milwaukee was willing to send every day shortstop Orlando Arcia to the minor leagues to work his way out of a slump. Unfortunately for him and the Brewers, he's going to be on the shelf for a while after suffering an ankle injury while stepping on second base for the final out of the third inning.
“It's going to be a (disabled list situation),” manager Craig Counsell said. “It's unfortunate. Tyler's getting a chance to play pretty regularly and doing a nice job. It's just one of those bad luck things.”
Saladino was replaced in the lineup by Eric Sogard on Tuesday. Asked about Arcia coming back up, Counsell said he was among the options.
Michael Wacha silences Milwaukee
St. Louis starter Michael Wacha didn't give up a hit until the fifth inning, allowed just two on the night and had just the one run allowed in picking up his sixth win of the year.
But that doesn't mean Brewers didn't have their chances against the hard throwing righty. He issued four walks and another base runner got aboard due to an error. However, Milwaukee couldn't find a breakthrough hit, with the closest thing being a Jonathan Villar double in the seventh which scored the only run of the night for the Crew.
“He made some good payoff pitches to us,” Counsell said. “We got to some three ball counts, but he made some good pitches to some guys, I thought. The balls we did hit hard to the outfield, they caught. That kind of led to a tough offensive day.”
What's next
Milwaukee and St. Louis will finish off the three-game series Wednesday afternoon at Miller Park. First pitch is set for 12:10 p.m.
Comments
comments
New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier, at age 45 instead of 50.
The American Cancer Society's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group, which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago.
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now. The advocacy group was influenced by its study, published last year, that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50. Experts aren't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994.
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions, like Crohn's disease, or a family history of colon cancer. The group endorses six kinds of screening exams, from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10.
"All of these tests are good tests, and the choice should be offered to patients," said the cancer society's Dr. Rich Wender. "The best test is the test that gets done."
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments. It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review isn't expected until around 2021.
That panel's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act, although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines. It's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades.
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older, and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades. Colon cancer, combined with rectal cancer, is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. This year, more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it, and about 50,000 will die from it.
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines, said Dr. Marcus Plescia, of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice.
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups, and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45.
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening, more effort should be put into getting more people tested. Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines.
"It's hard enough to get people to do it at all," Plescia noted.
Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the latest guidelines, said they considered and rejected that reasoning.
"We should be able to do both," said Wolf, a University of Virginia internist.
———
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
ALLIANCE, Ohio — A truck crash in Ohio has left hundreds of chickens dead, and those that did survive huddled together in a nearby ditch.
The Review in Alliance reports a tractor trailer carrying crates of chickens veered off the road, struck a utility pole and overturned Monday in Stark County's Washington Township.
The road where the crash occurred was closed for several hours.
Washington Township is roughly 35 miles (56 kilometres) southeast of Akron.
The driver of the tractor trailer owned by Case Farms wasn't injured, but was taken to hospital to be tested for controlled substances.
Houses in the area lost power after the accident.
The state Highway Patrol is investigating.
——
Information from: The Review, http://www.the-review.com
As you're all likely aware by now, most of the major racing series here in the United States were off last weekend for Easter. While drivers spent the time relaxing, spending time with their families or daydreaming, teams worked on their cars. What's a critic who covers race broadcasts to do in that scenario? Check out some sports car racing from Silverstone, as last weekend's coverage here at Frontstretch attests.
However, I didn't want to bore you guys with rants about the World Feed letting viewers down. There aren't likely to be that many readers as gung ho about sports car racing as I am. However, I didn't get a chance to write about something that might actually interest you.
Before I start, we have a little TV-related news. Last week, FOX Sports' Kaitlyn Vincie announced that she is pregnant with her first child.
2017 will definitely be a year of incredible blessings. Grateful to share: Blake & I are expanding to a three car team! 😉🤰🏼 #21weeksin #BabyK A post shared by KAITLYN VINCIE (@kaitlyn_vincie) on Apr 13, 2017 at 5:01pm PDT
As always, we at Frontstretch send our congrats to Vincie and her fiancé, Blake. Sounds like the next four months will be rather interested in her household.
However, it does raise the question of what happens when Vincie goes out on maternity leave. She's got a number of roles with FOX Sports' NASCAR coverage. The roles include pit reporting during Camping World Truck Series race broadcasts, appearances on NASCAR RaceDay, RaceHub reporting and the Facebook interview show Off Track. Subs will have to be tapped to fill those roles. I have no doubt that FOX Sports will miss Vincie's presence during her leave.
While the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup and XFINITY Series teams were racing in Texas, the ARCA Racing Series presented by Menards returned to MAVTV for the first time in a number of years. The Toledo-based series has signed a multi-year deal to put races on the Lucas Oil-owned network, replacing their deal with the Sinclair Broadcast Group-owned American Sports Network (ASN) for good reason. Last month, ASN quietly folded. ARCA had the MAVTV deal done months before the closure, but it just goes to show that they had to find a new entity.
The first race in MAVTV's new deal was the Music City 200 at Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. This race has jumped around TV-wise in the past couple of years. In 2015, it aired on ARCA's website via pay-per-view. Last year, it was the first race that was recorded to air on ASN (the premiere came months later). Regardless, an interesting night of short track action was nigh.
Since I do not get MAVTV at home, I had to watch the race broadcast on Lucas Oil Racing TV. Watching this race was the first time I used the Lucas Oil Racing TV app on my Xbox 360, so I'll be talking about that as well.
Quick note for those of you who want to watch the race on Lucas Oil Racing TV. The saved streams include commercials. You'll have to skip past those. Or, go ahead and sit through them.
For the races, MAVTV has Ken Stout and Rob Klepper in the broadcast booth. These two are experienced commentators that know quite a bit about the series. Same with Jim Tretow, who served as the pit reporter.
Pre-race coverage was relatively brief. Viewers got an interview with Daytona winner Austin Theriault and that was about it before the race started.
Sadly, there were technical issues almost from the start of the race. The sound went out just after the green came out. Luckily, it came back relatively quickly. Additional audio issues did negatively affect the broadcast.
Production values-wise, what viewers saw back on Apr. 8 is somewhat similar in scope to what I saw last year on ASN. There were a somewhat limited number of cameras available. Those that were on-site were typically trained onto the frontrunners. This created some problems.
The problems weren't so much about the lack of action being shown. That wasn't the issue. The issue is that this was a race with 11 cautions, seven for on-track incidents. I think we got replays of maybe two of those incidents. One crash resulted in a verbal confrontation between Bobby Gerhart and (I think) Vinnie Miller. I can't fully confirm that because I'd never seen Miller race before in anything (this race was his ARCA Racing Series presented by Menards debut). Also, the booth didn't mention that it was Miller being berated (for lack of better words) by the veteran Gerhart.
Yes, I know that Gerhart and Miller were eliminated in the same crash. What we don't know is what caused the wreck. There were no replays. The coverage just cut to the crash after it had already happened. Basically, if you hadn't seen that, it was an argument apropos of nothing. There were no in-race interviews with any driver that had been eliminated, so we can't use that to our advantage, either.
I can understand the reason why there were no in-car cameras at Nashville. I've talked to ARCA officials in the past and they've told me that the cost is substantial to have them available for this broadcast.
Post-race coverage was relatively brief, but again hampered by issues. Tretow seemed to be unable to get his microphone to work, which delayed the winners' interview with Chad Finley. Ultimately, viewers got interviews with the top two finishers and a check of the unofficial results before MAVTV left the air.
Going into the race, I figured that last year's ASN broadcasts would have been good to measure this broadcast against. From what I saw, MAVTV does have some places where they can improve. Getting the technical side down pat is crucial and I think they can work that out before Salem. Also, and I think this is more a Lucas Oil Racing TV thing than anything else, but it was too quiet. I had to jack the sound up on my TV way higher than normal in order to hear it.
I think the commentary was good. Stout and Klepper were very enthusiastic, especially when the action got good late in the race. Tretow was his usual self, but he was underused on the broadcast.
The overall production was a letdown. I would have liked this race better had Rick Benjamin's Carolinas Broadcast Group was putting it on. A number of the ASN broadcasts from last year were better than this one. What we have on MAVTV is what you would have gotten with the pay-per-views in 2015 if the scoring didn't break. There is definitely room for improvement. Luckily, they've got eight more tries this year to work out the kinks.
That's all for this week. Next weekend, the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup and XFINITY Series teams will be back in action at Bristol. The VHT will make its presence known, so it could be an interesting weekend. Meanwhile, the Verizon IndyCar Series will be at Barber Motorsports Park. TV listings can be found on in the TV Schedule tab at the top of the page.
I will provide critiques of the Cup and XFINITY races from Bristol for next week's edition of Couch Potato Tuesday here at Frontstretch. This week's edition of the Critic's Annex is currently undecided, but we will have some good content for you there. The Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama will be covered in the Apr. 27 edition of the Annex.
If you have a gripe with me, or just want to say something about my critique, feel free to post in the comments below. Even though I can't always respond, I do read your comments. Also, if you want to “like” me on Facebook or follow me on Twitter, please click on the appropriate icons. If you would like to contact either of NASCAR's media partners, click on either of the links below.
FOX Sports
NBC Sports
As always, if you choose to contact a network by email, do so in a courteous manner. Network representatives are far more likely to respond to emails that ask questions politely rather than emails full of rants and vitriol.
Great Britain take on Spain in Marbella, without Andy Murray
Day two of Britain's difficult World Group match against Spain, live from Club de Tenis Puente Romano, Marbella. Playing away on the Spaniards' favoured clay courts would be tricky enough with Andy Murray in the team; since the Scot is recovering from hip surgery, Britain are outranked and, on paper, outgunned, although the presence of Australian Open hero Kyle Edmund should give the home side pause.
Advertisement
Today, however, it's the doubles rubber, with Jamie Murray and Dominic Inglot likely to be representing GB. Sue Barker hosts, with commentary from Chris Bradnam, John Lloyd and Jamie Barker.
What time is Spain v Great Britain on TV?
Advertisement
The action is expected to commence at 1pm, with coverage live on BBC2 from 1pm.
To begin with, your criteria can be as broad or narrow as you like. You can name a song, playlist or genre, or ask to play any kind of music if you're not picky. Alexa can stream radio channels from the likes of TuneIn and iHeartRadio. Naturally, there are a few perks if you use one of Amazon's music services. You can ask Alexa to wake you based on a mood (like "relaxing"), or find a wake-up song by reciting the lyrics.
This sounds like a minor feature, but it's potentially very important. If Amazon is going to make the Echo Spot a viable alarm clock, it needs to give the device better functionality than that 20-year-old clock radio sitting on your nightstand. This also makes all Echo models more directly competitive with rivals that have had music wake features for years, such as Sonos. And let's face it: even if you're just using Alexa on your phone, Amazon would rather be the one to start your day.
GIF: Jose Mourinho taps the Man Utd badge after beating Chelsea
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho wanted to leave no uncertainty as to where his loyalties lie after yesterday's 2-0 win over his former club Chelsea in the Premier League.
The Red Devils added a bit of pressure to the Blues' title challenge by beating them on Easter Sunday. After the final whistle, the man who led Chelsea to three league titles was tapping the United crest on his jacket as he walked down the touchline.
Either that or he is a really big fan of AON.
NEW YORK — The Latest on actress Uma Thurman's allegations of sexual misconduct by Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein's attorneys have suggested Weinstein could take legal action against actress Uma Thurman, who has accused him of forcing himself upon her sexually years ago.
Weinstein's lawyers say he acknowledges making an “awkward pass” at her in a London hotel room but denies physical assault.
Attorney Ben Brafman says Weinstein is “stunned and saddened” by the allegations, which came in a New York Times interview with columnist Maureen Dowd published Saturday. The attorney says it's a mystery why Thurman would wait 25 years to publicly make the claim.
Brafman says Thurman's statements to the Times “are being carefully examined and investigated” before Weinstein decides whether any legal action against her would be appropriate.
Thurman says Weinstein pushed her down and tried to shove himself on her and expose himself.
——
1:15 p.m.
Actress Uma Thurman has accused embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her.
Thurman is quoted in The New York Times on Saturday as saying Weinstein attacked her in London. She says he pushed her down and tried to shove himself on her and expose himself.
Weinstein's representatives say he acknowledges making an “awkward pass” but denies physical assault.
Thurman says when she expressed fear about driving a possibly faulty car in Tarantino's “Kill Bill: Vol. 1” he insisted.
Video shows Thurman crashing into a tree. She says she left a hospital in a neck brace with damaged knees and a concussion.
Tarantino hasn't responded to a request for comment.
Nigeria's exports rises to 1.84mbpd in July on Forcados restart – loading plans
Nigeria's crude oil exports are set to reach 1.84 million barrels per day (bpd) in July, slightly higher month-on-month, because of a recovery in Forcados exports, according to loading programmes. Forcados exports resumed at the end of May after a nearly complete shutdown since February 2016. The grade's operator, Shell's local subsidiary SPDC, issued an…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Nigeria's exports rises to 1.84mbpd in July on Forcados restart – loading plans appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proven Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
Who says you've got to splash the cash just to get a thin-and-light laptop? If you're willing to ditch Windows, a Chromebook can do it all, for less.
It's not hard to see why Google's Chrome OS is winning over anyone after a budget bargain: prices start at just over £200 for the most basic models, but even these boot up in less than 10 seconds, are fairly immune to viruses, and are so simple that even your Gran could use one without needing constant tech support.
Pay a little more and you can even get a 2-in-1 model that converts into a tablet.
It's not like there's a catch, either. Chrome OS stores all your files in the Cloud, so you don't need much storage, and doesn't need a beefy CPU or loads of RAM to run smoothly. A bulging app store means you'll be able to do just about anything with one, too.
So forget taking out a second mortgage for the Surface Pro 4 or MacBook Pro: if you're in the market for a Chromebook, this is the only test you need to read.
NEW YORK (AP) — New York City's deadly helicopter crash has prompted the National Transportation Safety Board to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release.
The NTSB's recommendation on Monday comes after last week's helicopter crash in the East River. Five passengers who couldn't free themselves from their harnesses drowned. The pilot escaped.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights involving restraints that cannot be quickly released. It also said it was conducting a review of its rules governing such flights.
NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt applauds the agency's move, but says "definitive action needs to be taken."
FAA spokesman Greg Martin says the grounding was a first step and that more formal action is expected.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Police in the Toronto area say three unidentified men wanted in connection with a “vicious assault” on a 29-year-old autistic man may be from British Columbia.
Peel regional police say since releasing video showing the assault, investigators have received numerous tips that have led them to ask for help in B.C., particularly the Lower Mainland.
Officials say they have “credible information” that the people allegedly responsible for the attack at a bus terminal recently travelled to the Toronto area.
Video of the attack, which was made public last week, shows the autistic man sitting at the bottom of a bus terminal stairwell in Mississauga, Ont.
Three men are seen approaching the man before they begin punching and kicking him.
Police spokesman Const. Harinder Sohi says the victim was treated in hospital after the attack Tuesday for a broken nose and cuts to his face and released the same day.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Peel Regional Police Service or Crime Stoppers anonymously.
CANBERRA, Australia — Adm. Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, will become the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea instead of Australia, the Australian foreign minister said Wednesday.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said she had been informed of the decision by Acting Secretary of State John Sullivan on Tuesday.
“While we would have welcomed Adm. Harris here as ambassador to Australia, we understand that there are significant challenges for the United States on the Korean peninsula,” Bishop told reporters in Sydney.
“We of course have a very strong and deep relationship with the United States and I am sure they will choose a very appropriate ambassador to take his place in due course,” she added.
Bishop said Sullivan made it clear a new appointment would be a priority for the next secretary of state.
President Donald Trump nominated Harris in February to become Australia's next ambassador.
The United States had not had an ambassador in Australia since John Berry, president of the American Australian Association, left the post in September 2016.
Andrew Shearer, a former Australian government security adviser and now an adviser on Asia-Pacific security at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the change of ambassador plans made Australia appear to be a second-class ally of the United States.
“Australia really … is … a collateral casualty here to the shambolic practices of the Trump Administration,” Shearer told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
“I don't think there's anything sinister to it. I think it's much more typical of the ad hoc, moment-to-moment decision making if this particular administration,” he added.
Bishop noted past appointments for U.S. ambassador to Australia took time.
In the meantime, Charge d'Affaires Jim Caruso will continue to act in the role.
Opposition defence spokesman Richard Marles said the sooner Australia got a new U.S. ambassador the better.
“We're close friends, I don't think anyone is taking offence,” Marles told Sky News television.
Former government minister and the current Australian War Memorial director Brendan Nelson said while he wouldn't describe it as a snub, the United States should have proper representation in Australia.
“I say to President Trump and those who are advising him: we need an ambassador, we deserve an ambassador and we'd like one soon,” Nelson said.
Former deputy prime minister and diplomat Tim Fischer said the delay in appointing an ambassador reflected its low priority in Washington.
“Nigh on two years will be an insult with impact, notwithstanding the good work of the acting ambassador in Canberra,” Fischer said of the absence of an ambassador.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and his allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was “triggered” by information involving a different campaign aide.
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
Trump, however, tweeted Saturday from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the memo puts him in the clear.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” he said. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited. Even as Democrats described it as inaccurate, some Republicans quickly cited the memo — released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department — in their arguments that Mueller's investigation is politically tainted.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University law professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion received funding from Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Steele's research, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding.
Republicans say a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation he has consistently and strenuously denied.
The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was “triggered” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI.
The confirmation about Papadopoulos is “the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo,” California Rep. Adam Schiff, the House committee's top Democrat, said in a tweet Saturday in response to Trump's assertion that the document vindicated him.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican who has been deeply involved in hotly debated Republican issues such as the Benghazi hearings, says the GOP memo has no impact on Mueller's Russia probe and that the significance of the dossier has been overstated.
“There is a Russia investigation without a dossier. So to the extent the memo deals with the dossier and the FISA process, the dossier has nothing to do with the meeting at Trump Tower,” Gowdy said in an interview to air Sunday on CBS' “Face The Nation.”
Gowdy, who announced recently that he is not running for re-election, said: “The dossier really has nothing to do with George Papadopoulos' meeting in Great Britain. It also doesn't have anything to do with obstruction of justice. So there's going to be a Russia probe, even without a dossier.”
——
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly, Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
TORONTO — One of the victims of a van attack that killed 10 people in Toronto have been identified as Anne Marie D'Amico.
Toronto city Counc. Cesar Palacio named the woman this morning during a council meeting at city hall.
Palacio says he's been in touch with D'Amico's parents, who are his constituents.
More coming
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Carolyn JohnsAssociate Professor, Ryerson University
Most Canadians think of World Water Day as just another international event on the calendar — when water becomes newsworthy for one day in March, on the 22nd.
Yet we would be hard-pressed to go without water for just a few hours, let alone one whole day. Depriving ourselves of water even for a short period of time would demonstrate to Canadians just how much we take our water for granted.
In the week ahead, there are many global, national and local events organized to discuss and take action related to water. The 8th World Water Forum, held this week in Brazil (the country with the most fresh water in the world) is the world's largest conference on water, attracting more than 40,000 representatives from governments, NGOs and companies.
At the forum, the United Nations will launch the new International Decade for Action on Water (2018-2028) and release its annual World Water Report. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) will also release its new Water Governance Indicators based on 12 Water Governance Principles.
These indicators will allow jurisdictions like Canada to gauge how well they are adapting their policies and governance systems to new realities and challenges.
Meeting our water challenges
The emphasis at these forums is on the need for innovation and investment in the water sector, water science, water technology and water infrastructure — the hard services required to meet our water challenges and cope with crises like drought, flooding and pollution.
These are important investments that will yield a significant return on investment in coming decades. However, what the OECD and UN have been increasingly emphasizing is the need for dialogue and action on water governance — to focus on changing water behaviours and decisions.
Indeed, even countries with an abundance of freshwater like Brazil and Canada will face significant water challenges in the coming decades. As drought, flooding and pollution across the globe and in communities across Canada have shown, water governance challenges are increasing in contexts of both abundance and scarcity.
In Canada, we have some very serious water challenges in Indigenous communities, new and enduring water pollution in many of our lakes, rivers and aquifers and aging infrastructure at a time when populations are urbanizing.
Evidence of water crises in Canada and water infrastructure needs have touched many Canadian communities, and surveys in the past 10 years indicate that Canadians consistently rank water as our most valuable natural resource. Yet our policies, decisions and conduct do not reflect the significance of water to our society and economy.
The need for water ‘thinkers'
In addition to improving our water policies and adapting our water governance institutions, Canada needs to place more emphasis on its future water thinkers, leaders and practitioners.
Investments in hard services and water infrastructure are very important. However, to be creative and innovative with these investments we need new approaches. New approaches come from investing in people focused on the social, economic and political challenges we increasingly face in governing our waters.
One such approach is encouraging governments, the private sector, NGOs and educational institutions to invest in Canada's future water leaders — and the Geoffrey Bruce Fellowships in Canadian Freshwater Policy is a great example.
The fellowships were established in 2017, by Erika Bruce, to honour her late husband's efforts to champion local and global efforts to protect Canada's freshwater resources. They provide funding to encourage Canada's best young minds to help improve water governance — at the local, national and international levels.
Katherine Minich and Edgardo Tovilla are the inaugural recipients of the fellowships at Ryerson University.
Minich, who is an Inuk PhD student in policy studies, is focusing her doctoral research on how traditional knowledge can be the foundation of new water governance approaches in Canada's northern and Indigenous communities.
Tovilla, a PhD student in Ryerson's environmental and applied science and management program, is examining how water and wastewater policies and management in Ontario can be integrated using a “One Water” approach at the municipal level.
The Bruce Fellowship program hopes to encourage and fund Canada's future leaders to focus on freshwater policy and governance.
World Water Day reminds us that Canada's next generation of water leaders must be able to understand complex governance challenges and make value-based decisions based on a new water ethic — a water ethic that Indigenous peoples and other jurisdictions have much to teach us.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article: https://theconversation.com/why-every-day-should-be-world-water-day- https
The Department of International Affairs of the State Attorney's Office filed a petition with the Jerusalem District Court to extradite Thomas Gross, a 63-year-old Herzliya resident, to the United States to try him for the murder of his mother, Ina Gross.
Yesterday the police arrested Gross for his extradition, and the court today extended Gross's detention until another decision.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Today, Santa Barbara's iconic beachside destination opens its doors as Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort, where guests will enjoy stunning coastal views. All 360 newly-remodeled guest rooms are stylishly appointed with ocean and sky-blue tones, driftwood inspired interiors, private balconies or patios.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005313/en/
Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort (Photo: Business Wire)
The resort is a premier meetings and events destination with a wide array of indoor and outdoor event space, perfect for weddings, conferences and gatherings of any size. Centrally located, the landmark property is walking distance from quaint downtown Santa Barbara and easily accessible to Santa Barbara Airport and the Santa Barbara Amtrak Station via complimentary shuttle service. The newly modernized property continues the legacy established by the Fess Parker family while paying homage to the resort's rich history, stunning location and the unique culture of Santa Barbara.
“From its unbeatable location to legacy of exceptional service, Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort represents everything today's travelers value,” said Joe Berger, executive vice president & president, Americas, Hilton. “With the renovations and repositioning of this resort, we are poised to redefine the guest experience for visitors to this top American destination.”
Formerly known as The Fess Parker, A DoubleTree by Hilton Resort, the hotel has undergone a complete renovation and will remain managed by Hilton (NYSE: HLT) and jointly owned by Park Hotels & Resorts along with the Fess Parker family who are proud to continue their 30-year partnership with Hilton.
“We look forward to this next chapter for the property and to continuing our long-standing partnership with Hilton,” said Eli and Ashley Parker, son and daughter of Fess Parker. “The resort may have a new look and a new name, but will continue to provide the same first-class visitor experience that has made both locals and travelers feel at home for several decades.”
Highlights from Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort include:
A Space for Every Occasion
Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort offers over 40,000 square feet of flexible space – the largest amount of meeting and event space in the region – ranging from newly renovated indoor/outdoor venues and spectacular outdoor locations. The semi-enclosed Plaza Del Sol boasts 180-degree views of the ocean and a connecting rotunda, perfect for beachside weddings or conference gatherings and the Grand Ball Room & Foyer can host large-scale, indoor events for up to 600 guests.
Delectable Dining
Savor locally-sourced California cuisine at The Roundhouse, offering all-day dining with a fresh and flavorful menu that changes daily, or Rodney's Grill, where sustainable seafood and naturally raised meats are paired with the freshest seasonal ingredients Explore the wines of the Central Coast at the iconic Fess Parker Wine Tasting Room, which offers a self-service wine dispensing system Enjoy ocean breezes, a bistro-style menu and full service bar while watching the sunset over outdoor fire pits at The Set Relax with casual grab n' go options at Java Del Mar or a lunch bite and a blended beverage at the poolside Terraza Del Mar
Signature Service & Amenities
Travelers seeking a serene retreat need look no further than Spa del Mar, where a variety of massages, facial treatments and salon services promise instant rejuvenation A heated outdoor pool and whirlpool are open year-round along with a 24-hour fitness center bound to entice with ocean views This pet-friendly resort also has a business center, gift shop, car rental desk and offers authentic local experience such as a Bike, Bites + Brews tour, horseback riding tour, wine tasting, golf and tennis on the three well-appointed on-site tennis courts.
Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort is also part of Hilton Honors®, the award-winning guest-loyalty program for Hilton's 14 distinct hotel brands. Members who book directly have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else and free standard Wi-Fi. Members also enjoy popular digital tools available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton Honors mobile app, where Hilton Honors members can check-in and choose their room. The hotel is also part of Hilton's Travel with Purpose corporate responsibility strategy, which fosters sustainable travel and tourism globally.
Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort is located at 633 East Cabrillo Boulevard, Santa Barbara, California. For more information or reservations, call +1-805-564-4333 or visit http://www3.hilton.com/en/hotels/california/hilton-santa-barbara-beachfront-resort-SBAFPHH/index.html.
About Hilton
Hilton (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, with a portfolio of 14 world-class brands comprising more than 5,200 properties with more than 856,000 rooms, in 105 countries and territories. Hilton is dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world's most hospitable company by delivering exceptional experiences – every hotel, every guest, every time. The company's portfolio includes Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton Honors. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose exactly how many Points to combine with money, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else, and free standard Wi-Fi. Visit newsroom.hilton.com for more information, and connect with Hilton on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.
About Hilton Hotels & Resorts
For nearly a century, Hilton Hotels & Resorts has been proudly welcoming the world's travelers. With more than 575 hotels across six continents, Hilton Hotels & Resorts provides the foundation for memorable travel experiences and values every guest who walks through its doors. As the flagship brand of Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts continues to set the standard for hospitality, providing new product innovations and services to meet guests' evolving needs. Hilton Hotels & Resorts is a part of the award-winning Hilton Honors program. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else, free standard Wi-Fi, and digital amenities like digital check-in with room selection and Digital Key (select locations), available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton Honors app. Begin your journey at www.hilton.com, and learn more about the brand by visiting news.hilton.com or following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005313/en/
CONTACT: Kendal Hurley
For Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort
+1 310 454 3080
kendal@ballantinespr.com
or
Claudia Schou
Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Resort
+1 805 884 8522
Claudia.Schou@hilton.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION LODGING CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: Hilton Hotels & Resorts
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:04 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:04 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005313/en
A Palestinian Authority state could present a far greater threat to Israel than a third intifada or persistent terrorism, according to Louis René Beres is Emeritus Professor of International Law at Purdue ​​​​​​University.
In a paper entitled, "The Potentially Existential Threat to Israel from 'Palestine'," published Monday on the website of the Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies, Professor Beres says, "This threat, which would further exacerbate the area's correlation of forces, is potentially existential. Under certain circumstances, Palestinian statehood could meaningfully enlarge the prospects of both mega-terror attacks and regional nuclear war."
Read more
(CNN) -- Special counsel Robert Mueller met on Capitol Hill with the leaders of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday afternoon, a long-awaited connection as lawmakers and federal investigators plot a path forward on the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Mueller met with Senate intelligence chairman Richard Burr and Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the committee, in a secure room.
Burr told CNN that they are beginning talks and have open lines of communication. He would not say what they discussed.
Burr and Warner have been pressing for the meeting with Mueller since he was first appointed a month ago. The two sides have been discussing "deconfliction" -- or how the Senate investigation and the federal probe will share information and not step on each other's toes.
A major test on that front will be whether the FBI is willing to release memos from former FBI Director James Comey of his conversations with Trump, now that they have been provided to Mueller.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Miley Cyrus and her father Billy Ray are the latest in a line of celebrities to pay homage to the late Tom Petty. They performed a country-tinged version of 1994's “Wildflowers” on last night's episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
Miley recently return to her country roots on her new album Younger Now. Watch the father-daughter duet below and check out other tributes from artists like Drive By Truckers, Kesha, and Father John Misty here:
(Reuters) - An explosion on Monday shook the area near New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal, one of the city's busiest commuter hubs, and authorities said a suspect, identified as Akayed Ullah, and three other people were injured. New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called the explosion "an attempted terrorist attack."
The following are some of the other attacks carried out in New York in recent years:
Oct. 31, 2017 - Sayfullo Saipov drove a truck down a lower Manhattan bike lane, killing eight people, including five Argentinians who were in the city to celebrate the 30th anniversary of their high school graduation. A police officer shot Saipov, 29, and arrested him. The Uzbek immigrant has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and other counts.
March 20, 2017 - James Harris Jackson, a 28-year-old white man, stabbed Timothy Caughman, an African-American, multiple times with a sword. Caughman later died of his injuries and Jackson told police he traveled to the city from Maryland to kill black men.
September 2016 - Three bombs exploded in the New York area, two in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood and one in New Jersey, wounding 31 people. Several unexploded bombs were also found. The suspect, Ahmad Khan Rahimi of New Jersey, was captured after a shootout with police. Rahimi, who was born in Afghanistan, was influenced by anti-American materials believed to be produced by Islamist militant group al Qaeda, prosecutors said.
May 2010 - Times Square was evacuated when a car bomb that failed to explode was found in a sport utility vehicle. Faisal Shahzad, a naturalized American and Taliban-trained militant, later pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life imprisonment.
March 2008 - An individual detonated a small pipe bomb in front of the U.S. Armed Forces recruiting station in Times Square. No one was injured.
December 2004 - A firebomb exploded on a crowded subway train in lower Manhattan, injuring 48 people. Six days earlier, a firebomb went off on a subway in Manhattan's Harlem section, injuring two teen-agers. Edward Leary, 50, of Scotch Plains, New Jersey, was sentenced to 94 years in prison in the two bombings. The second bomb went off at his feet, leaving him critically burned.
Sept. 11, 2001 - Members of al Qaeda flew two passenger planes into the north and south towers of Manhattan's World Trade Center. The attacks, which involved a third plane that crashed into the Pentagon just outside Washington and a plane that crashed in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, killed 2,996 people and injured over 6,000 others. The death toll included more than 2,700 people who were in the World Trade Center and on the ground.
1997 - Palestinian teacher Ali Hassan Abu Kamal opened fire on the observation deck of the Empire State Building in February, killing one person and wounding six others before shooting himself.
1994 - Lebanese-born immigrant Rashid Baz shot at a van of Orthodox Jewish students on the Brooklyn Bridge, killing one and wounding three others.
1993 - Militants detonated a truck bomb below the North Tower of the World Trade Center in February, killing six people and injuring over a thousand.
(Compiled by Jonathan Oatis; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
James Bond-Like Villain in $2 Million Bitcoin Heist Caught in Amsterdam
Amsterdam police have announced the re-arrest of Sindri Thor Stefansson. He was initially arrested days ago in Iceland in connection with a bitcoin hardware mining caper that included 600 computers worth $2 million. In a James Bond-like villain move, after his first capture he managed to escape, reportedly hitching a ride on a plane carrying Iceland's prime minister.
Also read: Bitcoin in Brief Thursday: ICO Scares Investors with Ghost Prank
Bond-Like Bitcoin Villain Re-Arrested
Mr. Stefansson, after have absconded, wrote to a popular online site to plead his case. “I simply refuse to be in prison of my own free will,” he explained to Frettabladid, “especially when the police threaten to arrest me without explanation. I'm not trying to say that it was the right decision to leave, I really regret it…I didn't expect an international arrest warrant to be issued against me, as I was legally free to leave, and believed it was out of the question that I would be labelled a fugitive. I would never have done this if I didn't believe I was a free man.”
It's something straight out of a movie. Media outlets are claiming Sindri Thor Stefansson to be a “mastermind”. He, at the very least, was implicated recently in a major crime for the country of Iceland: $2 million in computer mining hardware is missing, believed to be part of an elaborate theft conspiracy, involving a gang of 11 others including Mr. Stefansson's wife.
Mr. Stefansson escaped what local press refers to as “low-security” confinement after first being arrested. He was held in Sogn, an open prison 59 miles from the country's international airport (95 km). It's so loose it doesn't have a fence, and detainees can even surf the net.
Thought He Could Avoid Capture Indefinitely
The mastermind slipped out through a window. He somehow later made it to the airport, procuring a flight boarding pass under an assumed name (though he paid with his own debit card), and managed to put himself on a flight to Sweden carrying Iceland's prime minister, Katrín Jakobsdóttir. He wasn't discovered missing by guards until well after the plane was airbound. An international warrant was soon issued for Mr. Stefansson.
The Big Bitcoin Heist, as it has been tagged on the frozen island, involved bitcoin mining rigs grabbed in conjunction with four data center break-ins. Iceland has become a magnet for crypto miners due to relatively cheap electricity and its cold climes, helping the notoriously overheated instruments cool as they mine.
Mr. Stefansson's unorthodox public letter while on the run insisted he could remain elusive to authorities for “as long as I like”. Dutch police disagreed, arresting him downtown without incident and are presently arranging for his extradition back to Iceland.
Do you think bitcoin mining rigs present a lucrative target to thieves? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock. Dutch police.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The post James Bond-Like Villain in $2 Million Bitcoin Heist Caught in Amsterdam appeared first on Bitcoin News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A Maryland man was killed in a two-vehicle accident Friday morning near the state line, according to Maryland State Police.
The accident occurred at approximately 4:30 a.m. on Interstate 68 near mile marker 2 in Garrett County, police said.
Phillip Mitchell, 28, of Upper Marlboro, Md., was killed when his car struck a tractor trailer.
A tractor trailer, operated by a 58-year-old man from Brown Deer, Wis., was traveling eastbound on I-68. The tractor trailer traveled off of the roadway and into the center median for unknown reasons, police said. The driver was, then, able to regain control of the truck and drive it back onto the roadway.
The driver drove the trailer across I-68 to the right shoulder, but police said the trailer was still partially in the roadway.
As the driver was out of the truck setting up emergency triangles, Mitchell's car struck the trailer and went underneath of it.
When troopers arrived on scene they discovered Mitchell dead inside of the car.
Maryland State Police are investigating.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — South Africa, New Zealand, Fiji and Kenya topped their groups Saturday at the New Zealand leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series, staged for the first time in Hamilton.
The world champion South Africans, host New Zealand and Olympic champion Fiji all finished with unblemished 3-0 records from pool play while Kenya topped the tight Pool D with two wins and a draw.
England, Australia and Samoa also secured quarterfinal places with two wins from three games while Scotland edged Argentina for the other place in the top eight.
New Zealand needed a last-gasp try to Joe Ravouvou to snatch a 17-12 win over Argentina, semifinalists in Sydney last weekend, and to clinch top place in its pool. The win also cost Argentina a place in the Cup quarterfinals, sending Scotland through at its expense after Argentina's earlier shock loss to France.
New Zealand previously beat France 52-7 and Scotland 24-5 to stake its claim for the title in the first-ever World Series tournament played in Hamilton which took over from Wellington as host-city of the New Zealand leg.
South Africa was again the most impressive team in pool play, outscoring its rivals with 102 points as it beat Papua New Guinea 36-5, Russia 38-0 and England 28-7.
Fiji beat Wales 28-0, Spain 24-12 and Australia, winners of last weekend's Sydney tournament, 26-15.
New Zealand plays England, Fiji faces Samoa, Kenya takes on Australia and South Africa meets Scotland in Sunday's quarterfinals.
Scotland secured its quarterfinal place with a 26-14 win over France, and Kenya scraped into the playoffs with a 19-19 draw against the United States after beating Canada 19-14 and Samoa by the same score.
England beat Russia 47-0 and Papua New Guinea 27-0 before falling to South Africa in the pool decider.
Australia failed to recapture the form it showed in front of its home fans last weekend, losing 26-15 to Fiji in the decisive match in its pool after beating Spain 21-5 and Wales 26-7.
FENTON, Mo. – In the heat and “loumidity” of a typical St. Louis summer night, Luis Solignac came up with the spark the Chicago Fire needed to gain a 1-0 fourth-round U.S. Open Cup victory over Saint Louis FC Wednesday night.
Solignac, stationed with his back to the St. Louis net in the 28th minute, tracked a flighted ball from Brandon Vincent, stationed 20 yards behind by the near sideline. “I tried to do something with it,” Solignac said.
Still with his back to the goal, he met the ball from Vincent with the outside of his right foot and flicked it in a high arc that drifted over Saint Louis goalkeeper Adam Grinwis into the far corner of the net. Cue the celebration, and the inevitable ribbing from his teammates. “Some of the guys gave me a time, but I'm happy and proud because my teammates liked it,” Solignac said.
With the temperature at 91 degrees at kickoff and playing on artificial turf against a USL side backed by an impassioned standing-room-only crowd at World Wide Technology Soccer Park, Solignac and his teammates knew they were in for a challenge.
“It's a different field and it's difficult weather,” Solignac said. “They played with passion and we had to match that energy. It was going to take a while for us to adjust and we knew we couldn't get frustrated.”
Solignac's highlight-film tally took care of that. “It's instinct,” Solignac said of his goal. “When you get the chance to do it, you just hope it goes in.”
Saint Louis FC coach and U.S. Soccer Hall of Famer Preki, who used to score some incredible goals himself, could only shake his head. “I would say that was lucky, but that's a credit to the guy,” Preki said. “I'll give him 50 balls right now (like that), and if he scores . . . “ Preki hesitated, laughed, and said, “I'll give him $2. That doesn't happen too often in a game.”
ST. LOUIS — The legal battle between lawyers from Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens and St. Louis prosecutors is escalating, with a judge considering Tuesday a request to disqualify the circuit attorney's office from a felony case over Greitens' use of charity donor list for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Defence lawyers in a court filing Monday asked Circuit Judge Rex Burlison to require a special prosecutor in the computer tampering case in which Greitens is accused of obtaining the charity donor list without permission. Chief among their concerns were the actions of William Tisaby, a former FBI agent hired by St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner to investigate Greitens in a separate case in which he is charged with felony invasion of privacy for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman with whom he had an affair in 2015, before he was elected.
Greitens has denied criminal wrongdoing in both cases and called Gardner a “reckless liberal prosecutor.”
A hearing on the defence request for a special prosecutor is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon.
Defence attorneys say Tisaby lied when he said he didn't take notes when he and Gardner on Jan. 29 interviewed the woman with whom Greitens had an affair. A videotape of the interview provided to defence lawyers earlier this month appears to show Tisaby taking notes.
Defence attorneys argued in their court filing that the prosecutor's office “has conceded that its lead investigator in the invasion of privacy case has given false testimony under oath. It further appears undisputed that the Circuit Attorney was aware of this false testimony and, in fact, elicited some of it.”
In a filing in response to the motion, Gardner said the defence argument “presents the very real prospect that courts will be called upon to appoint a special prosecutor in every case where the defendant has aggressively attacked the methods and conduct of the prosecutor in one case, to preclude the prosecution of other meritorious cases against the defendant.”
Prosecutors have conceded Tisaby made mistakes, and the judge already has declined to dismiss the invasion of privacy case over them. Tisaby has not returned phone and email messages from The Associated Press seeking comment.
During a hearing Monday, Gardner said Tisaby is no longer the lead investigator in the invasion of privacy case. Assistant Circuit Attorney Robert Steele said Anthony Box, recently hired to lead investigations in the office, is in charge.
Greitens' trial in that case is scheduled for May 14.
Trial for the computer data tampering case hasn't yet been set. That case involves The Mission Continues, a St. Louis-based veterans charity Greitens founded.
Attorneys for the Republican governor also are asking that Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley's office be blocked from investigating Greitens, citing a conflict of interest because Hawley called on Greitens to resign after a special House committee released a report earlier this month with testimony alleging Greitens was sexually aggressive toward the woman with whom he had the affair. A hearing on that request is Thursday in Cole County.
The circuit attorney's office said Greitens is seeking to distract from his troubles.
“The defendant's motivation is transparent: he wishes to disable both the Circuit Attorney and the Attorney General — the responsible elected officers charged with enforcement of the criminal laws — from proceeding on a criminal charge, in an obvious effort to delay the cause so as to deflect the General Assembly from pursuing its own agenda. The Court should not aid or abet this gambit,” a Monday court filing said.
--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--IMDb (NASDAQ:AMZN):
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en/
Pom Klementieff receives the IMDb Fan Favorite STARmeter Award in the Breakout Category on April 23, 2018 on the set of “The IMDb Show” in Studio City, CA (Photo: Business Wire)
About IMDb
IMDb is the world's most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content. The IMDb consumer site ( www.imdb.com ) is the #1 movie website in the world with a combined web and mobile audience of more than 250 million unique monthly visitors. IMDb offers a searchable database of more than 250 million data items including more than 4 million movies, TV and entertainment programs and more than 8 million cast and crew members. Consumers rely on the information IMDb provides -- including local movie showtimes, ticketing, trailers, critic and user reviews, personalized recommendations, photo galleries, entertainment news, quotes, trivia, box-office data, editorial feature sections and a universal Watchlist – when deciding what to watch and where to watch it. IMDb's portfolio of leading entertainment apps ( http://www.imdb.com/apps/ ) includes its popular “Movies & TV” app for iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire, Android phones, Android tablets and its mobile-optimized website. To date, there have been more than 150 million downloads of IMDb's mobile apps worldwide. IMDb's X-Ray for Movies & TV Shows ( www.imdb.com/x-ray ) is a feature that revolutionizes the viewing experience by bringing the power of IMDb directly to Kindle Fire HD, Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. IMDb's Facebook page ( https://www.facebook.com/imdb ) and official Twitter account ( https://twitter.com/imdb ) are followed by more than 12 million passionate entertainment fans. IMDbPro ( http://www.imdbpro.com ) is the essential resource for entertainment industry professionals. This membership-based service includes comprehensive information and tools that are designed to help entertainment industry professionals achieve success throughout all stages of their career. IMDbPro offers members the following: detailed contact and representation information; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including the ability to select their primary images and the credits they are best “known for”; exclusive STARmeter rankings that are determined by page views on IMDb; the IMDbPro app for iPhone and more. Additionally, IMDb owns and operates Withoutabox ( http://www.withoutabox.com ), the premier submission service for film festivals and filmmakers, and Box Office Mojo ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com ), the leading online source of box-office data. IMDb.com is operated by IMDb.com, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) ( http://www.amazon.com ). To learn more, go to: http://www.imdb.com/press.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en/
CONTACT: IMDb PR
Katie Sann,ksann@imdb.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT TV AND RADIO TECHNOLOGY INTERNET FILM & MOTION PICTURES CELEBRITY GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT SOCIAL MEDIA COMMUNICATIONS ONLINE
SOURCE: IMDb
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en
We've been anticipating Magic Leap's as-yet unreleased mixed reality gear for quite some time now. We know that the AR headset will be dubbed the Magic Leap One, will cost around $1,000 and will have applications for music as well as gaming. Still, the number of things we don't know about the gear is pretty significant. Now, however, the company appears to be lifting the veil a little bit with a new Creator Portal, which seems to contain more information for developers interested in the device as a platform, with a simulator, developer community, learning resources and an SDK to get started making apps for the unreleased device.
LONDON (AP) — Serena Williams' recent marriage has shined a spotlight on one of Wimbledon's many quirky traditions.
Suddenly "Miss Williams" has become "Mrs. Williams" in the words of chair umpires — a small change that has led to bigger-picture questions about whether the England Club is too old-fashioned.
Only the women at the grass-court Grand Slam are addressed with a title before their names to reflect their marital status.
In other words, when a chair umpire announces that Serena has won a game, it's, "Game, Mrs. Williams."
For her sister Venus, it's, "Game, Miss Williams."
And for Roger Federer, it's simply: "Game, Federer."
It's a difference that is in contrast to other moves in the name of gender equality in tennis. Since 2007, there is equal prize money for men and women at all Grand Slam tournaments. And over the first three days this week, there were more women's matches scheduled for Centre Court than men's — something that decades ago just wouldn't happen.
However, the players themselves seem rather indifferent — or even unaware — when it comes to how they are addressed.
"They call Serena 'Mrs. Williams'?" Venus asked after her second-round victory when the subject was raised. "That's cool. I mean, I remember Janet Jackson had that song and she said, 'Miss Jackson.' I like that. I am Miss Williams, so ... ."
The "Miss" or "Mrs." used to be included on scoreboards as well, but that tradition was dropped in 2009.
Federer said he hadn't realized that the women are addressed differently depending on their marital status. He's also perfectly fine with chair umpires not using a "Mr." in front of his and other male players' names.
"For me, I'm happy if they say whatever they say, as long as it is 'game' and my name somewhere, and not 'game' and the other name," Federer said with a laugh Wednesday. "That makes sense, right?"
This is Serena's first Wimbledon since she married Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian in November. That union has given her a new place in Wimbledon's official fact book as well — in the list that details the marriages of all past women's champions, runners-up and semifinalists.
There are no such marriage lists for the men.
"I actually never knew they had that," Williams said after her second-round victory on Centre Court. "It will be interesting to know why it's not for both sexes."
The tournament fact book shows multiple marriages as well — 1923 doubles runner-up Joan Austin had four husbands, for instance — although Williams is confident that will never apply to her.
"Hopefully," she said, "it will be just one."
PORTLAND, Maine — The parent company of Poland Spring water is asking a judge to dismiss a lawsuit that accuses it of providing water that's not actually from springs.
The filing Friday in U.S. District Court says the matter was already litigated in 2003 in Illinois and that a federal court can't pre-empt a state court ruling. It also says the plaintiffs should be taking up the matter with the Food and Drug Administration instead of turning to the courts.
The lawsuits in Maine and Connecticut contend Poland Spring water comes from wells or municipal sources.
FDA rules allow a bottler to call its product “spring water” if it is drawn from the same source as a natural spring and meets certain requirements for chemical composition.
Poland Spring is owned by Nestle Waters North America.
The New York Times Just Went To Town On The ANC
The gloves are off, and it's clear that the folks over at the New York Times don't care much for the ANC in its current state.
In an opinion piece by the editorial board, which “represents the opinions of the board, its editor and the publisher”, the Times took aim at a party that has quite clearly sold its soul, and its supporters, down the river.
We feel you, guys.
Anyway, let's get down to business. With a few omissions for brevity, here's what they had to say:
It may seem unfair to single out South Africa for its corruption. It's not the worst offender in sub-Saharan Africa, and far from the worst in the world…But countries should be measured less against the rest of the world than against their own potential and promise, and on that score, the same African National Congress that Nelson Mandela led to a triumphant victory over apartheid a quarter century ago has become gorged on corruption. What is particularly galling, as Norimitsu Onishi and Selam Gebrekidan reported in The Times, is that so many of the millions filched from state coffers were earmarked to lift up the poor left behind by apartheid. While politically connected companies and individuals have grown wealthy, the gap between them and the poor, most of them blacks, has only grown… The potential for change was evident when the A.N.C. finally forced President Jacob Zuma out of office in February. Mr. Zuma's nine years in office were a byword for obscene corruption, and he now faces corruption, racketeering, fraud and money laundering charges. His successor, Cyril Ramaphosa, promised in his first state-of-the-nation address that “this is the year in which we will turn the tide of corruption in our public institutions.” Yet President Ramaphosa is himself a veteran A.N.C. member and made a fortune largely through his ties to the party, and his cabinet includes officials who stand accused of corruption.
Mr. Mandela may have been partly responsible for the state of affairs when he struck a grand bargain with the white minority that finally gave the black majority control over politics but left many economic resources in the hands of whites. That, according to current perceptions cited in The Times article, created incentives to give and receive bribes. Yet while the flawed transition may explain the rise of corruption, it cannot justify the perfidy of officials who were reared on the ideals and aspirations of the movement Mr. Mandela led. The corruption described by Mr. Onishi and Ms. Gebrekidan is not simply bribery, but rather elaborate schemes to siphon off tens of billions of public dollars intended to improve the lives of the very people the A.N.C. promised to lead to a new, equal and just nation. That is one reason that it is fair to single out South Africa. Another is that the “beloved country” of Alan Paton's South African classic has the democratic tools to combat the blight of corruption, as the unfolding case against Mr. Zuma demonstrates. The question is whether Mr. Ramaphosa or the A.N.C. are any longer capable of wielding them.
The ANC has become “gorged on corruption” – nail on the head, innit.
Who knows if any other political party had handled the situation much better, but they sure as hell couldn't do worse.
Oh well, at least Jacob Zuma has other things to keep him occupied for the time being.
[source:nytimes]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“There's never been an event like this in human history, where so many people can participate and with such unique technology,” Carrie E. Black, associate program director for the foundation's division of atmospheric and geospace sciences, said during a gathering of astrophysicists in Boulder last month. “This is being treated as a natural laboratory.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
She expects millions of people will watch the eclipse, many of whom might collect images that she said will be analyzed by scientists for years to come. That deluge of data from both professional astronomers and amateurs might one day help scientists with forecasting eruptive solar ejections, or “space weather,” detrimental to communication satellites and power grids.
“Just as it takes a village to raise a child,” said Madhulika Guhathakurta, NASA's lead scientist for the 2017 eclipse, “I would say that it takes the entire U.S.A. to really gather the information of various kinds — scientific, psychology, animal behavior — to really fully understand how intimately we are connected to our star.”
Eyes in the Sky
This is the first time that the modified Gulfstream V, which carries sensors and equipment for atmospheric research, will study space.
“The camera will be right here looking straight up,” said Dr. Lussier, pointing to a specially made 6-by-9-inch porthole in the top of a plane. “We'll be able to see the whole eclipse through this window.”
From their eye in the sky, the researchers will experience totality, the point at which the moon completely blocks the sun, for about four minutes, while those below will see about two and a half minutes.
Photo
The scientists will use the extra time, and a large device known as a spectrometer, to observe the sun's corona, the sheath of plasma surrounding our star. The corona is visible from Earth only during a total solar eclipse, and scientists use the phenomenon to study its properties.
Because of several technological advances in the last few decades, this eclipse offers scientists the chance to observe the corona in the infrared spectrum, which may reveal insight into the sun's magnetic fields. The data could help answer a longstanding puzzle: Why does the corona burn at millions of degrees Fahrenheit, much hotter than the sun's surface?
Jenna Samra, a doctoral candidate in applied physics at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, is a lead researcher on the project and helped design the device. She is looking to identify five lines of infrared emissions that are created when electrons in the corona bump into charged particles in the plasma, potentially freeing other electrons.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“If we see them it's going to eventually give us a way to measure the magnetic field,” she said. That could be used to make a future instrument that observes the magnetic field.
That's important, she said, because it could one day help scientists better predict space weather. When the sun's magnetic field lines twist and then snap, they can launch billions of tons of plasma across the solar system. One such powerful ejection in 2012 could have been catastrophic to our power grid had it hit the planet.
Ms. Samra will be on the plane, well above pesky clouds or storms, as well as most of the water vapor in the atmosphere, which strongly absorbs the infrared radiation. The plane will fly from southeast Missouri, across Kentucky and finally to Tennessee. Her flight may sound exhilarating, but Ms. Samra said she will most likely be unable to see the actual eclipse because of its angle above the horizon.
“It's the first of its kind,” said Scott McIntosh, the director of the NCAR High Altitude Observatory. “Should it be successful on Aug. 21, it opens the door for a brand-new platform for eclipse science.”
The Gulfstream V will not be the only jet chasing the total solar eclipse. Two WB-57F aircraft operated by NASA and outfitted with nose-mounted high-tech telescopes will take off from Houston and fly over Missouri, Illinois and Tennessee, each chasing about three and a half minutes of totality and clear views of the corona.
Only two people will be aboard each jet: the pilot and a sensor equipment operator who will be running the cameras. Amir Caspi, an astrophysicist with the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder and the principal investigator for the project, will be watching from a control room in Houston.
“This will be my first eclipse, and I don't get to see it,” said Dr. Caspi. “I get to watch it on TV.”
Photo
By spying on the sun's outer atmosphere through two telescopes, one that uses a green filter and another that detects infrared radiation, Dr. Caspi and his colleagues hope to better understand the corona's structure and why it is so hot.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We don't see a big tangled mess of magnetic fields,” Dr. Caspi said. “We see organized loops and arcades unlike in our modeling, where everything looks like it's very tangled and snarled — like bed hair in the morning, and not like a freshly combed head of hair.”
The cameras aboard the planes will take high-definition images of the sun 30 times per second. One telescope will observe green emissions from ionized iron atoms in the sun's outer atmosphere.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Dr. Caspi and his team will use that equipment to search for magnetic waves in the corona as well as evidence of nanoflares, which are tiny explosions in the sun's atmosphere. Both may hold clues to understanding how the corona gets superheated.
As an added bonus, half an hour before and after totality the planes will turn their infrared observations to Mercury to gather insights into the tiny planet's composition.
Charged Particles
While the planes set their sights on the sun, plenty of scientists on the ground will be focusing on the Earth during the eclipse.
One area of particular interest is the ionosphere, a region in the upper atmosphere that is home to the International Space Station and through which signals pass from communications and Global Positioning System satellites that billions of people rely on. The eclipse will provide an opportunity for researchers to investigate how the ionosphere reacts to cosmic disturbances.
In a way, the ionosphere breathes, said Greg Earle, a professor of electrical engineering at Virginia Tech.
More on Reporting on Eclipses
During the day, the sun's ultraviolet light helps produce trillions of charged particles floating in the upper atmosphere, causing the ionosphere to “inhale” and get bigger. At night, it exhales and loses density. Scientists have constructed models that show how these changes occur every day.
But “the eclipse is like a punch in the face,” Dr. Earle said.
It will shut off the sun and create a disturbance that the ionosphere does not normally experience. That interests scientists like him because it provides an opportunity to test the accuracy of their models.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The eclipse is a particularly strong example, for a brief period of time, of space weather,” said Philip Erickson, a space scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Haystack Observatory.
Unlike solar flares or coronal mass ejections, an eclipse is an easily predictable event that produces a relatively small disturbance. According to existing models, the one next week will create a large hole in the ionosphere that will travel over most of North America over the course of two or three hours, creating nighttime conditions in the upper atmosphere.
“We're interested in how deep this hole is and how long it will recover after the spot moves on,” he said.
During the eclipse, scientists like Dr. Erickson and Dr. Earle will use a suite of tools, from powerful radars and orbiting satellites to GPS sensors and ham radios operated by citizen scientists.
See The Face of 2 Catholic Priests Killed By Herdsmen in Benue
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests, Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue. A statement by its Director of Communications, Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu, said that the […]
The post See The Face of 2 Catholic Priests Killed By Herdsmen in Benue appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
MORAGA, Calif. — Tanner Krebs hit five 3-pointers and finished with 23 points — both career highs — and Jock Landale had a double-double to help Saint Mary's beat Seattle 97-73 on Saturday night.
Landale finished with 20 points and 10 rebounds and Jordan Ford added career bests of 19 points and six assists for Saint Mary's (7-2). Emmett Naar added seven points and had 12 assists for the third time this season. The senior came in averaging 8.8 assists per game, second most in Division I.
Krebs hit a 3-pointer to spark a 14-0 run that gave the Gaels a 45-28 lead when he hit another 3 — his fifth — late in the first half and Saint Mary's led by double figures the rest of the way. Krebs, whose previous career high was 14 points, had 17 at the break and Landale added 11 as the Gaels shot 58.6 per cent (17 of 29) in the first half.
Matej Kavas had 19 points to lead five Seattle (6-5) players in double figures.
Krebs hit three 3s during a 19-9 run to open the game. Kavas scored seven in a row before Jordan Hill's 3-pointer capped a 10-0 run that made it 23-all. Naar answered with a 3 and Saint Mary's led the rest of the way.
From the south side of Chicago, Boi fLOYD, the rising rap artist has been going hard, grinding in the studio and on stages across the country recently performing at SXSW 2017 Music Festival, creating and sharing some of the dopest music of this era in hip-hop. Known for his single “Maserati Dreams,” Boi fLoyd has been featured on notable hip hop sites HipHopCanada.com, Respect Mag, WorldStarHipHop.com & More. Debut Album “For Better or Worse” features hit single Maserati Dreams, 2 Glocks, How You Do it, Swis Her Sweets and production from Chase Davis, C-Sick and Gettem Louie.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Here's what the Merseyrail network could look like if it was massively expanded to match the Tube in London.
Wirral's Kayla Bibby, who runs Facebook group Liverpool Underground, has a vision for a massively expanded rail network that would see new tunnels dug under Liverpool and a line built on top of a Mersey barrage.
The concept features an enhanced Wirral Line with extra stops around the Coliseum and Cheshire Oaks, plus ones at Saughall, Blacon, Liverpool Road, Northgate and Saltney.
The line also provides a better link between Chester and Cheshire Oaks.
(Image: Handout)
Kayla produced her first map two years ago but has since come up with more ideas for lines – including a Sergeant Pepper Line serving north Liverpool and the proposed Bramley-Moore Dock stadium.
Now she has updated her map, with other proposed services including a Metropolitan Line from Whiston and Stockbridge Village that would run under the Mersey and then split to serve Hoylake and Eastham.
By building new tunnels and linking them to existing ones, Kayla would create four underground lines – the Metropolitan and these three:
A Central Line from New Brighton Tower to Halewood and Cronton via a new Mersey tunnel, James Street and Sefton Park.
A District Line from Maghull to Netherley via Walton, Everton Brow, the new Paddington Village and Lark Lane.
An Elizabeth Line (Lizzy Line) from Heswall to Windle Island via a city centre loop, with a branch to Kirkby.
Other notable lines include a Wallahoo Line from New Brighton Tower to Chester via Liscard, Wallasey and Hoylake.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
And while the plans are very ambitious Kayla insists that, if money could be found, this super-network could be built in 30 years. She said: “We need to start thinking like a capital city – all these world cities around the globe all have extensive underground networks.
“Everything is too London-centric in this country. London now boasts one of the best transport networks in the world.
“It's time for central government to start committing to spending serious money on radically improving transport in the North instead of mothballing essential projects.
“It's capital projects like Liverpool Underground that will make the Northern Powerhouse concept a success, not token gestures that won't make any difference to the everyday lives of normal people. We need to slingshot our cities into prosperity.”
Kalya's vision for the Mersey barrage would mean a road and a rail link built on top of the main structure with a country park above them, so people could also walk and cycle across.
(Image: Handout)
Metro mayor Steve Rotheram has already proposed a barrage that could include a “light rail link” on top.
Kayla said she had been lobbying Merseytravel to buy some tunnel boring machines that cost £10m each.
She said: “This would increase our options and enable us to expand the existing underground network like never before with minimal disruption to daily life above.
“These TBMs, boring through favourable conditions, mostly sandstone, can crack on with constructing a new tube line at 100 metres a week.
“After a few years when said line is complete, they can be dismantled and moved to a new location to start the next line and so on. This cycle would continue over the next few decades until all four tube lines: The Central Line, District Line, Lizzy Line and Metropolitan Line are complete.”
As well as the Liverpool Underground, Kayla also has a vision for an expanded Anfield stadium to hold 108,000 people.
PISCATAWAY, N.J. — Rutgers has agreed to play Syracuse in a home-and-home series in football starting in 2020.
The Orange will play at High Point Solutions Stadium in 2020 and the Scarlet Knights will go north the following year to play at Carrier Dome.
The series replaces a previously scheduled home-and-home for Rutgers against UCLA. The Scarlet Knights dropped out of that series and will have to pay UCLA $500,000. About half of that amount will be saved by not having to send the team to California for two days.
Rutgers of the Big Ten and Syracuse of the ACC played for 33 consecutive seasons between 1980 and 2012. The run ended when the schools changed conferences.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['it.eurosport.com_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'it.eurosport.com_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'it.eurosport.com_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "it.eurosport.com","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782354","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "it.eurosport.com","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782354","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('it.eurosport.com_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['it.eurosport.com_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'it.eurosport.com_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'it.eurosport.com_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "it.eurosport.com","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782354","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "it.eurosport.com","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782354","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('it.eurosport.com_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Students peer review Eden Secondary School's production of Woody Allen's Don't Drink the Water.
Allen plays a show to remember
Roxana Moise
Governor Simcoe Secondary School
Dramatic police chases, a friendly priest-turned-magician and botched international spy exchanges — these may not seem like part of your average family vacation, but for the Hollanders, they're just another day in the life.
Comedy, emotion and unpredictability all came together to provide an uproarious night of entertainment at Eden High School's performance of Don't Drink the Water.
Woody Allen's first published play, Don't Drink the Water features a farcical cast of characters against the politically charged backdrop of the Cold War. In the American embassy of an unnamed country behind the Iron Curtain, the incompetent Axel Magee is given one last chance to handle business in the place of his father; however, his good intentions quickly go awry when a family of tourists on the run from the secret police burst in looking for asylum. Accused of being spies after cluelessly wandering into a top security area to snap some photos, the Hollander family causes chaos with their knack for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Eden's cast skilfully handled the play, showcasing their acting ability with a series of scenes that left the audience in stitches. The well-chosen comedic talent kept the characters relatable throughout the progressively more unrealistic situations they were thrown into. This allowed an arrestingly real picture of the rest of the world to be painted by the actors, expanding the story far beyond the walls of the room. Through Walter and Marion's squabbling about their lives and Father Drobney's narration, people and events that were never shown seemed as substantial as the physical scene before the audience's eyes.
Standout performances included Bailly Grigg and Jesse Klassen as Marion and Walter Hollander, an American couple with a penchant for arguing. The pair's natural comedic timing, supplemented with thick New Jersey accents, brought their characters to life through both their bickering and their more tender moments, however rare. Axel Magee's self-deprecating sense of humour, along with the well-meaning intents behind his sometimes disastrous actions, were also captured excellently by Carson Suggett's use of expression.
The scene was set entirely in the main room of the embassy, with details like the green- striped walls and the classic rotary phone on the desk transporting the drama back to the '60s. The passage of time was portrayed through subtle prop and costume changes, something that added an extra layer of realism to the lives of those stuck in the embassy. The timing of the lighting and sound effects were also commendable, from the well-executed flashing of a bomb to Axel's not-so-subtle attempts to spark a romance by lowering the lights in his office. The technical aspects as a whole were well-chosen and added polish to the piece.
The comedic prowess and chemistry of the cast, paired with the thoughtful directorial choices, had the audience laughing, cringing and gasping along with the characters.
At the end of the night, Eden's performance of Don't Drink the Water was an abundance of fun and ultimately a show to remember.
Don't Drink the Water a comedic whirlwind
Sam Langdon
Greater Fort Erie Secondary School
It's the 1960s in Europe. The Cold War rages. A family of American tourists are hiding out in an American embassy on the other side of the Iron Curtain, attempting to escape capture at the hands of the secret police.
While it may sound like the premise for a drama, or a thriller, or perhaps even a prequel to The Americans, Eden High School's production of Don't Drink the Water is anything but traditional.
The comedic play was penned by Woody Allen in 1966, and is brought to life on stage in a cosy theatre at Eden High School.
The small space was outfitted with a lovely set that perfectly captured the time period of the piece and was used well within the play to facilitate smooth character entrances and exits, and accommodate a number of chase sequences and other comedic bits of staging. As the play was written more than 50 years ago, some of the humour can feel a little bit dated, but much of it still rings true, and all is well presented in this production.
The energetic cast, under the direction of fellow student, Jenny Wubs, brings to life the play's quirky and vibrant characters. They carry the audience along through a series of increasingly more bizarre, hilarious and high-stakes situations. Standout performances were given by Jesse Klassen and Bailly Grigg for their roles as Walter and Marion Hollander, respectively. The duo were a comedic tour de force, their fantastic chemistry and back-and-forth banter put the audience in stitches whenever they took the stage.
Physical comedy was also used wonderfully throughout the production, particularly by Carson Suggett, as Axel Magee, the bumbling son of the ambassador and de facto leader of the embassy in his father's absence.
Both the cast and the crew alike are to be commended for their seamless execution of the play's numerous quick costume changes, and the immaculate co-ordination of the lighting and sound cues with the action taking place on stage. On the odd occasion something did go awry, the cast was always ready to step in, quickly and smoothly correcting any issues. Though the blackouts between scenes could feel a bit long at times, the cast's high energy and wild antics brought the audience quickly back into the story, the pause being relatively quickly forgotten.
Eden's Don't Drink the Water is a comedic whirlwind sure to keep audiences laughing from the moment of the Hollander's capture to right up to their escape.
Eden takes a hilarious trip with the Hollanders
Carolyn Holmes
Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School
We've all had our share of disastrous vacations, but if you think that yours were bad, meet the Hollanders.
They're your average American family with really bad luck and a lot of curiosity. The most important thing they learn: “Don't drink the water.”
Eden High School put on a hilarious performance of Don't Drink the Water, a political comedy and Woody Allen's first published play.
It takes place during the 1960s, in an American embassy behind the Iron Curtain, where trouble strikes after Ambassador Magee leaves his disaster-prone son Axel in charge of the embassy. Within minutes three American tourists, the Hollanders, come running in seeking refuge from the police for taking photos in a restricted zone. The story takes off from here, chock full of comedy, disaster and a bit of romance. In Don't Drink the Water, you never know what's going to come next.
This student-directed play (Jenny Wubs) was well-executed, and the cast was well-versed in its choreography and lines. The actors were in time with their cues, and well prepared to smooth over any mishaps. The dynamic duo of Marion Hollander (Bailly Grigg) and Walter Hollander (Jesse Klassen) amused the audience with their comical lines and facial expressions, while the dramatic actions of Axel Magee (Carson Suggett) and Susan Hollander (Diana Karapetyan) were pulled off without a hitch. Notable performances were put on by the chef (Rowan Hegi), as she was chased around the room carrying a hare, and Krojack (Braeden Miller), the agent charged with capturing the Hollanders.
The original music by Ethan Hanlin added another dimension to the play, and entertained viewers during costume changes. An especially memorable James Bond-esque composition fit nicely into the play.
Although all scenes took place in a single room, the set was well done and very detailed. It used all the space on the small stage well, and effectively utilized props. Additionally, the stage was well lit. The costumes were appropriate for the time period, and the hair of the actresses was suited to the personality of each character. The costume changes, while occasionally lengthy, were frequent and helped to move the story along. The lighting and sound was prompt, with no time lapses.
This hilarious play, that had viewers in stitches, is well worth taking the time to see, so pack your bags, and take a trip with the Hollanders.
Building Institutional Capacity Vital for Nigeria's Economic Recovery, Says Udoma
Carol Oku
The Ministry of Budget and National Planning has stated that building institutional capacities is vital for Nigeria's economic recovery, noting that the country is blessed with abundant human and natural resources, but managing these resources still remains a challenge.
The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Senator Udoma Udo Udoma, explained that Nigeria must begin to invest massively in developing capacity for management and human resources to achieve economic growth and stability.
Udoma during a recent working visit to the Centre for Management Development (CMD) in Lagos added that his ministry has been working to put together series of policies to take Nigeria out of its current economic woes, maintaining that the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) is one of the policies aimed at restoring Nigeria's growth.
“We came in as a government determined to change Nigeria and also determined to change Nigeria from a nation of consumers to a nation of producers. We have been working to put together a series of policies to achieve this and this is what is entailed in the ERGP. This plan requires contribution from everybody to make it work and in particular, because the coordination is in the Ministry of Budget and National Planning, this is our product and we have to be at the forefront of driving it,” he said.
In his words, “We inherited an economy that was dependent on crude oil. We have moved the country back towards more production particularly in agriculture, because agriculture and food security is one of the key execution priorities. We also want to stabilise the macroeconomic framework and in other to achieve these objectives.”
He said CMD was well placed to help train Nigerians in management to take up positions in steering the country back on track, while also assuring the centre of the federal government's support to enable it deliver on its mandate.
“CMD's role is very important in achieving those changes. We know that you have some challenges and I have come to tell you that we are here to support you. You must focus on using this impressive facility optimally. We will give you the support and we will be expecting more from you. We need people who are going to champion the ERGP. We believe CMD can be a change agent for government,” he said.
Earlier, the Director General, CMD, Kabir Usman, commended the minister for his support towards the development of the centre, while assuring the ministry of its unwavering support to complement the federal government's effort to put Nigeria back on track in terms of economic development.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
You hear it whenever someone gets sick or dies soon after losing a spouse: Was it because of a broken heart? Stress might not be to blame for former President George H.W. Bush's hospitalization a day after his wife's funeral, but it does the body no favours, and one partner's health clearly affects the other's.
A sudden shock can trigger a heart attack or something like it called broken heart syndrome . Some studies also have found that people are more likely to die soon after losing a longtime spouse.
But often the timing is mere coincidence, and “broken heart” speculation just fuels a neat narrative when the problem is unsurprising in an older person with underlying health issues.
In any case, the death of a loved one is a dangerous time for the surviving spouse, said Dr. Nieca Goldberg, a cardiologist at NYU Langone Medical Center and an American Heart Association spokeswoman.
“It's really important to have a lot of other support around you,” she said. “When people are depressed after something like this happens, they may not be eating, they may ignore symptoms and want to be stoic. They're certainly stressing and may not be getting enough rest. All of these things can set the stage for life-threatening conditions.”
ABOUT BUSH
Bush, who will turn 94 in June, has been hospitalized since Sunday with sepsis, an infection that spread to his bloodstream, probably from bacteria. It's a serious condition at any age, but he is said to be responding to treatments and recovering.
Stress weakens the immune system and can make infections harder to fend off, said several doctors not involved in his care. But Bush needs a wheelchair because of a form of Parkinson's disease and has been hospitalized before for pneumonia and other infections.
It's possible he ignored early signs of infection during the flurry of preparations for Barbara Bush's funeral, said James Giordano, a Georgetown University neurologist and expert on stress's effects on the body.
“It could be something as simple as that; inattention led to an escalation of signs and symptoms,” he said. “He's old, there's no good way to put it,” so medical problems and risks are magnified by stress.
Stress has three stages, Giordano said: alarm, when the body releases “fight or flight” chemicals that can do damage; a resistance stage, like “calling out all the troops” to deal with the stress; and then fatigue or a letdown stage, when some of the body's defences may crash from the strain.
Even if a partner's death is anticipated — as Barbara Bush's was after she decided to focus on comfort care — “facing and going through the reality of the event” is stressful, he said.
JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS
Stress and a broken heart sometimes may get too much blame, though, when people are grieving.
Country music star Johnny Cash died four months after his wife, June Carter Cash, did in 2003. She was 73 and died of complications following heart valve surgery. He was 71 when he died of problems related to diabetes and had a neurological disease for years before that.
“Broken heart” was widely speculated when Debbie Reynolds died a day after her actress-daughter, Carrie Fisher, did in 2016. An autopsy later showed that Reynolds, 84, died of a blood vessel that ruptured and caused bleeding in her brain — a kind of stroke. She also had high blood pressure and other serious medical problems for several years before that.
——
Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP
——
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
CHICAGO — The Latest on an appeals court decision not to toss the corruption case against former U.S. House Rep. Aaron Schock (all times local):
3:05 p.m.
Former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock's attorney says he is “disappointed” that an appeals court refused to dismiss the corruption charges against the Republican from central Illinois.
George Terwilliger said in a statement that Wednesday's decision by the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago “is not consistent” with decisions by other courts that examined similar cases.
The 7th Circuit said it doesn't believe appellate courts have authority to address the kinds of constitutional issues at the core of Schock's appeal before a trial takes place. Schock argued that prosecutors violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses by relying too much on rules the U.S. House drew up for its members.
Schock's attorney says he is “evaluating” options about further appeals. A trial date for Schock hasn't been set.
——
1 p.m.
An appeals court has refused to toss corruption charges against former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock, saying it can't assess whether his prosecution violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses until after he goes to trial.
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago says in its unanimous ruling Wednesday that it doesn't believe appellate courts have the authority to address such questions until after a verdict. No date has been set for the 36-year-old Schock's trial on 22 corruption counts.
The Republican from the central Illinois city of Peoria was indicted in 2016 on charges of misusing funds. He resigned in 2015 amid scrutiny of his spending, including to redecorate his Capitol Hill office in the style of the TV show “Downton Abbey.”
A Schock spokesman didn't have an immediate comment.
One of the principal figures in a large-scale health care fraud scheme in New Jersey was sentenced Wednesday to nearly two years in prison.
Craig Nordman had pleaded guilty to conspiracy to bribe doctors and money laundering and faced a maximum combined sentence of 25 years, but he received a 21-month sentence in exchange for his cooperation with prosecutors.
Since charges were announced in 2013, more than 50 people, including more than three dozen doctors, have pleaded guilty in the scheme involving Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services. The Parsippany, New Jersey-based blood testing lab used a variety of methods to bribe doctors to send patients' blood samples to be tested — and often for tests that weren't necessary.
The U.S. attorney's office estimated the company made more than $100 million through the scheme and defrauded Medicare out of tens of millions of dollars.
Another company associate, Cliff Antell, 43, also received a 21-month sentence Wednesday.
Nordman's testimony last year helped convict physician Bernard Greenspan. During Greenspan's trial, Nordman testified he had a high school diploma and had been installing security systems when his cousins, David and Scott Nicoll, hired him to work at BLS so he could be on the company's health care insurance.
He eventually joined the Nicolls' scheme, in which doctors were bribed with gifts, inflated rental agreements for their office space and bogus consulting agreements. One doctor was paid $50,000 per month at one point.
Nordman, 39, testified he bribed approximately 14 doctors, including Greenspan, with checks from a limited liability corporation formed specifically to further the bribery conspiracy.
He also testified he would sit in Greenspan's office for an hour once a month to give the appearance there was an actual consulting agreement.
The Nicolls also have pleaded guilty and are to be sentenced in two weeks. Authorities have said David Nicoll used BLS's profits on a $300,000 Ferrari, $392,000 on tickets to sporting events and $154,000 at a gentlemen's club and restaurant.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — Attorneys for a former Dallas accountant condemned for fatally shooting his two young daughters while their mother listened helplessly on the phone are hoping a federal court keeps him from the Texas death chamber.
John David Battaglia is set for execution Thursday evening for the May 2001 slayings of his 9-year-old daughter, Faith, and her 6-year-old sister, Liberty. Battaglia and his wife had separated and the girls were killed at his Dallas apartment during a scheduled visit.
He'd be the nation's third prisoner executed this year, all in Texas.
His lawyers had appeals before the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court, contending the 62-year-old Battaglia is delusional and mentally incompetent for execution.
ATLANTA — Georgia's highest court on Monday reversed its own recent decision and restored the felony murder conviction of a woman whose husband shot and killed a police officer.
The Georgia Supreme Court's new opinion upholds the conviction of Lisa Ann Lebis in the 2012 slaying of Clayton County police officer Sean Callahan. It also effectively means she is once again sentenced to life in prison.
The court did not say why it took a second look at the case. But it came barely a month after the same court issued a unanimous Oct. 31 decision that overturned Lebis' murder conviction — and lifted her life sentence — saying prosecutors failed to prove she “jointly possessed” the gun used to kill the officer.
In reconsidering the case, the justices concluded that ultimately didn't matter.
“Even though Lebis did not jointly possess that firearm with (her husband) at the moment of the murder, it remains true that she can be held to account for the actions of another — here, her husband — as a party to the crime or as a co-conspirator,” the opinion Monday said.
Attorneys often file motions asking the Georgia Supreme Court to reconsider its decisions, and sometimes the court takes action based on those requests. But it wasn't clear what prompted the justices to revisit Lebis' conviction.
While the state Supreme Court ultimately upheld her murder conviction, its new decision Monday threw out two misdemeanour convictions for obstructing a police officer.
Tremaine Lebis fatally shot Callahan at a Motel 6 just south of Atlanta in December 2012 and then was killed by another officer, court documents say. A jury in February 2014 convicted Lisa Ann Lebis of felony murder and other charges in Callahan's death. She was sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole. Under Georgia law, the only sentencing options for felony murder are life or life without parole.
Her lawyers appealed to the high court, noting that she was not even physically present when her husband shot Callahan. Prosecutors had used the “party to a crime” statute to get a murder conviction. It says everyone concerned in the commission of a crime can be charged with that crime.
Lisa and Tremaine Lebis were both convicted felons and had been staying at the motel in Stockbridge for about a week when they were evicted for late payment. Lisa Lebis yelled and cursed at the clerk when she learned they would have to leave, prompting the clerk to call police, according to court filings.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – It turns out men litter more than women and smokers contribute 50 percent of littered items.
According to litteritcostsyou.org, $11.5 billion is spent every year cleaning up other people's trash. Despite public awareness campaigns, 75 percent of people polled by the website admitted they littered in the past five years.
The most common littered items picked up during cleanups are fast food wrappings, containers and cups.
People age 18 to 34 are the most likely to toss their garbage out the window, and the most common reason for littering is convenience and not feeling responsible for public spaces like parks and roadways.
Last year, the Ohio Department of Transportation spent $4 million picking up 400,000 bags of trash, 25,000 of which were collected in Trumbull and Mahoning counties. That money could have paved a 28-mile two-lane road or paid for 30 new plow trucks.
Not only is the problem costly, but crews are pulled from other duties like road repair to pick up trash.
“If you are hauling something, whether it be a trash hauler or just someone with items in your pickup truck or items in your car, make sure you are securing that load so that debris doesn't fall out onto the roadway,” sadi ODOT Press Secretary Matt Bruning.
ODOT relies on Adopt a Highway groups to help tackle the problem. There are 1,400 crews in Ohio and the group in Mahoning County collected nearly 200 bags of trash last year.
“It really doesn't cost anything to the state of Ohio. It is a great volunteer public service and a great way to make a huge difference in the state,” Bruning said.
Sign up for Adopt a Highway here.
Inmates also help pick up trash, but that service is not free. They don't have to pay for the labor but the guards overseeing the inmates are paid.
VANCOUVER — Torey Hunter has been named the B.C. Lions' director of player personnel and player development.
Hunter had been a regional scout with the Edmonton Eskimos for the past four seasons.
A graduate of Washington State and a draft selection of the Houston Oilers, Hunter played defensive back with both the Eskimos and Montreal Alouettes before moving into the NCAA coaching ranks in 2002.
Serving on coaching staffs at Western Washington, Idaho State, Central Washington, Eastern Washington and Idaho, Hunter made his way back to the CFL in 2014 with Edmonton.
“I am very pleased to be adding Torey to our personnel staff,” Lions general manager Ed Hervey said in a statement. “He understands the kind of unique talent we need to be successful in the CFL and I'm confident he will be a tremendous asset to our organization as we begin the process of building our team.”
Hervey also said Neil McEvoy will remain in place as the Lions' director of football operations, while Geroy Simon will stay on as director of Canadian scouting, and add the job of CFL draft co-ordinator to his role.
I'm sure you know this by now but just to confirm - OLED TVs are bloody lovely.
And this year there are going to be more of them than ever, what with Sony, Panasonic and Philips joining LG in the OLED arena.
LG's not taking this new competition lightly, though, and has announced no less than five different OLED models for 2017.
So what's the difference? And which one's right for you? You'll find all of the details below, and while LG hasn't yet announced prices, we'll update this feature with them as soon as they're available. You'll also find links to detailed hands-ons and reviews for those TVs that we've looked at more closely.
And a quick heads-up to save us all a lot of time: other than size, the OLED panels and image processing are the same no matter which of LG's 2017 OLEDs you choose so - in theory at least - the picture should be identical. That means you can decide which to buy based purely on the design, sound and, of course, price.
All the details are but a scroll away.
PHOENIX — The deadline for college players to withdraw from the NBA draft has a widespread impact, from the individuals involved to their families to the teams who may select them in June.
The decisions made on or just before Wednesday's deadline also will have a lasting effect on the 2018-19 college basketball season. Teams losing key players will have to find replacements, possibly ending up in rebuilding mode. Teams who get their stars back will be eyeing NCAA Tournament runs.
A rundown of how some of the top teams fared at the NBA draft deadline:
WINNERS
AUBURN. Not only did coach Bruce Pearl pull together one of the nation's top recruiting classes despite the program being caught up in an FBI investigation, he will have three of his top underclassmen back. Bryce Brown, Jared Harper and Austin Wiley all opted to withdraw from the draft, possibly putting the Tigers in position to contend for an SEC title.
NORTH CAROLINA. Luke Maye, an AP third-team All-American, decided to come back after testing the NBA waters, giving the Tar Heels three returning starters to go with the program's best recruiting class in years. He averaged 16.9 points and 10.1 rebounds last season.
GONZAGA. The Zags could have been in a tough spot if Rui Hachimura, Killian Tillie and Zach Norvell had all decided to leave early. All three are back, putting Gonzaga in position for another deep NCAA Tournament run.
PURDUE. The Boilermakers lost four key seniors, but the return of Carsen Edwards, a Big Ten player of the year candidate, and Nojel Eastern leave them in good shape for 2018-19.
FLORIDA. The Gators faced the prospect of losing their leading scorer from last season when Jalen Hudson declared for the draft. He didn't hire an agent and announced Tuesday that he's coming back for his senior season, which should help Florida remain competitive in the SEC.
LOSERS
VILLANOVA. The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early. The Wildcats knew they'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents. Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them, both saying this week they will remain in the draft.
MARYLAND. The Terps knew they'd be without Justin Jackson after he signed with an agent. The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some, but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft, leaving Maryland without its top two players. At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando, who decided to return for his sophomore season.
STANFORD. Reid Travis' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft. That should have been good news for the Cardinal, but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them, Travis announced he would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer.
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON. The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return. The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program's first Sweet 16 since 1997.
BOSTON COLLEGE. The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson, the ACC's second-leading scorer, opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft. His return would've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program's first NCAA bid since 2009. The good news: Ky Bowman, the ACC's top returning scorer, decided to withdraw from the draft.
UCLA. The Bruins lost one of the nation's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March. UCLA's big loss was offset, at least to a degree, by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood. The Bruins are still waiting for freshman forward Cody Riley to announce his decision.
KANSAS. The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent. But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced he will return for his junior season instead of remaining in the draft.
MICHIGAN STATE. The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early. Michigan State received good news this week, though, when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing.
——
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Photo of Sentor Melaye as He was Hospitalised After Jumping Out Of Moving Police Vehicle
Embattled Senator Dino Melaye, who was arrested on Tuesday by SARS operaive, has landed in a hospital in Abuja after he reportedly jumped out of a moving police vehicle. According to Channel TV, The lawmaker was brought into Zankli hospital in Mabushi district of Abuja after allegedly jumping off the police vehicle around Area One. […]
The post Photo of Sentor Melaye as He was Hospitalised After Jumping Out Of Moving Police Vehicle appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The sacrifices of servicemen and women are being honoured at events around the country today for ANZAC Day.
This year marks 103 years since the landing at Gallipoli of Australian and New Zealand Army Corps troops.
Throughout the day New Zealanders will pay tribute to more than 300,000 New Zealanders who have been a part of the country's armed services and 30,000 who have died in service.
At least 80 events are taking place in Auckland, including the dawn service in front of the Auckland War Memorial.
In Wellington, a dawn service was held at Pukeahu National War Memorial.
Viewers can also tune into the Rereātea and Te Kāea bulletins at 12pm, 3:30pm and 5:30pm on Māori Television for the latest news coming from our reporters scattered around the country.
WASHINGTON (AP) — After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
___
WHAT'S THE GIST?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Specifically, it takes aim at the FBI's use of information from a former British spy, Christopher Steele, who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump, his associates and Russia.
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department didn't tell the FISA court enough about Steele's role in an opposition research effort. The research was funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm.
The document also takes aim at several senior FBI and Justice Department officials. Among them is former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, who it says knew of Steele's anti-Trump leanings and whose wife worked at the firm behind the opposition research effort.
___
WHAT'S NEW?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of the secret FISA warrant and that Page was the person being monitored.
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, and it almost never gets released to the public.
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI's methods, it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The memo fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation, showing that Page was under surveillance for months.
According to the memo, the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21, 2016, and then had it reauthorized three additional times.
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days, the memo indicates that the government monitored Page's communications for nearly a year.
___
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation, that is.
According to the memo, information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos “triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016.”
That's significant because Trump and his allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the Russia investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier.
The memo doesn't provide further details about the information the FBI received about Papadopoulos. But it appears to confirm in part reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year. Court papers show he had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016.
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had “dirt” on Hillary Clinton in the form of “thousands of emails” prior to that information becoming public.
___
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE, THOUGH
The memo says Steele's collection of reports “formed an essential part” of the FISA application for Page, but it doesn't specify exactly what information was used or how much.
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article, and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele.
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” from the FISA court “without the Steele dossier information.”
According to the memo, the application also included “Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters.”
___
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential.
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court. None of those documents are public.
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele.
On Friday, the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, took issue with the memo's characterization of McCabe's comments, saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on “each and every component” included.
But the committee's chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes of California, said late Friday on Fox News the description of McCabe's comments is “a summation of a long interview and that's definitely what he said.” He noted that other witnesses have said “similar things.”
___
‘MINIMALLY CORROBORATED'
It's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year: How much did the FBI corroborate?
According to the memo, not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page. The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its “infancy” when the court authorized the first FISA warrant.
It also says an “independent unit” in the FBI conducted a “source validation report” on Steele's reporting and found it “only minimally corroborated.”
But without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap's testimony, it's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo's description.
ATLANTA — An Atlanta attorney who was convicted of murder for fatally shooting his business executive wife is to be sentenced next month.
Claud “Tex” McIver is set for sentencing May 23. A jury on Monday convicted McIver of felony murder, which carries a mandatory life sentence. It is up to the judge to decide whether McIver will have the possibility of parole.
The jury also convicted the 75-year-old McIver of aggravated assault, possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony and influencing a witness.
McIver attorney Bruce Harvey called the verdict the “triumph of emotion and speculation over reason and fact.”
McIver was riding in a rear seat of an SUV on Sept. 25, 2016, when a gun he was holding fired and the bullet hit his wife, Diane.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A former teacher's aide at the Leonard Kirtz School was sentenced to one year of probation for abusing mentally disabled students.
Investigators said Audrey Johntony excessively punished two students, ages 7 and 9.
Leonard Kirtz School is a chartered public school that provides programs and education for students between the ages of 6 and 22 with developmental disabilities.
Judge Scott Krichbaum's office said the sentence was requested by both sides.
Johntony previously pleaded guilty to two child endangering charges, and three other charges against her were dismissed.
She already voluntarily surrendered her teaching license for one year, but as part of her sentence, she can't teach during probation.
Murray, Djokovic ready for Monte Carlo return
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will return to the tour at the Monte Carlo Masters this week after recovering from elbow injuries.
World number one Murray last played in Indian Wells on 12 March, and will resume against Gilles Muller or Tommy Robredo on Wednesday.
“I would not be playing if I felt I was taking a risk,” said the Scot.
Djokovic, ranked second, said he “feels great” after coming back with a win in the Davis Cup last week.
Like Murray, the Serb missed last month's Miami Masters with an elbow issue and will play his first clay-court match of the year when he takes on Frenchman Gilles Simon.
“It's normal for an athlete to go through [injury] ups and downs,” said Djokovic, 29.
“I trust myself and the effort I put into my game. I have to believe I'll get the results I'm hoping for.
“All of my thoughts next week will be on this event. I won it in 2013 and 2015. I'm hoping this is the place to have a new start to the season.”
Murray returned to the court in an exhibition match against Roger Federer in Switzerland on 10 April, and has since been preparing on the Monte Carlo clay.
“When I started serving again, I had to progress very slowly, but in the last couple of days I've been serving pretty much close to the speed that I would normally,” said Murray, 29.
“My elbow has reacted well, so I feel good about it.
“I will have had pretty much five days before my match of serving at the right speed, so I think it will be fine.”
Murray has a lot of points to defend as he looks to extend his time at the top of the rankings – he lost to Rafael Nadal in last year's Monte Carlo semis before reaching the final in Madrid, winning in Rome and finishing runner-up at the French Open.
Stan Wawrinka is seeded third in Monte Carlo, with nine-time champion Nadal seeded fourth.
Roger Federer has chosen to skip the clay-court season until the French Open, which begins on 28 May.
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TIMMINS, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating a fatal police-involved shooting in the northeastern city of Timmins.
The Special Investigations Unit says it happened Saturday morning at an emergency medical services building on the city's east side.
In a statement Saturday night, the SIU says officers with the Timmins Police Service responded to the building to deal with a man.
The agency says the man fled, and when officers followed there was an “interaction” where one of the officers fired a gun.
The man was struck and was taken to hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
The SIU says it has assigned three investigators and three forensic investigators to the case, and has identified one “subject officer” and seven “witness officers.”
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The famous neon sign of a cowgirl in downtown Las Vegas has been taken down as part of the construction of a planned casino-resort.
After more than two decades on Freemont Street, "Vegas Vickie" was dismantled Tuesday.
Casino owner Derek Stevens says his company is looking for a home for the neon sign. It was created in 1980 and originally dubbed "Sassy Sally" after a casino of that name.
Stevens' company is planning to transform the space previously occupied by the Las Vegas Club.
NEW ORLEANS — Gulf Coast residents are bracing for a blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as Tropical Storm Nate threatens to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall.
The National Hurricane Center on Friday issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts. The storm is forecast to dump 3 to 6 inches of rain, with isolated totals of 12 inches.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops. Some are heading to New Orleans, where summer storms have exposed problems with the city's pumping system.
Mississippi officials are providing sandbags in the state's three coastal counties. The storm threatened to disrupt one of the coast's biggest annual tourist events, the “Cruisin' the Coast” auto show.
The figure skating contingent from Canada, at 17 strong the largest of any nation, intends to lead its country into the Winter Olympics next week in ways both literal and figurative.
The literal: Two-time ice dance medalists Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir, one of the favorites to win gold, will carry the maple leaf flag into Pyeongchang Olympic Stadium for the opening ceremony.
The figurative: With three ice dance couples, three pairs, three women and two men, the Canadians are podium threats in all four disciplines, not to mention heavy favorites in the team event.
"I'm so impressed by the depth of this team," said Isabelle Charest, the Canadian chef de mission and a three-time Olympic medalist in speed skating. "There are so many strong contenders and we have tremendous hope for them heading into the games."
The hope is grounded in some accomplished resumes.
Virtue and Moir, the reigning world champions, are a good place to start. The eight-time national champions were unbeaten all of last season and have put up huge marks to their Rolling Stones-inspired short program and their equally mesmerizing free dance set to music from "Moulin Rouge!"
They'll be joined in the ice dance competition by the teams of Piper Gilles-Paul Poirier and Kaitlyn Weaver-Andrew Poje, the latter two-time world championship medalists.
"We've grown up together," Moir said, "and it's going to be a special moment to take the ice with them and go for gold. We're looking forward to embracing the Olympic spirit."
Two-time world champions Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford, who took silver at last year's Four Continents on the same Olympic ice, give the Canadians a medal contender in the pairs event. The teams of Julianne Sequin-Charlie Bilodeau and Kirsten Moore-Towers-Michael Marino also will compete.
While all eyes in the women's event will be on Russian stars Evgenia Medvedeva and Alina Zagitova, Canadians Kaetlyn Osmond and Gabrielle Daleman are nearly as formidable. They finished second and third behind Medvedeva at last year's worlds in Finland.
And rising star Larkyn Austman will have her first Olympic experience.
"In 2014, Canada didn't have any medal contenders at the Olympics," Osmond said, "and you almost forget that Gabby and I finished second and third (at worlds) last year. "It's exciting that we're able to send three women to the Olympics, especially because we haven't done it in many years."
Olympic silver medalist Patrick Chan, a three-time world champion and two-time Grand Prix final champ, will be joined by Keegan Messing in a wide-open men's event.
"I feel really good about my confidence for the whole team," Chan said. "After seeing how my teammates have done during the Grand Prix season, talking to Eric and Scott, it's been great. We have really great team energy."
Figure skating historically has been an individual sport, even with the inclusion of a team event at the 2014 Sochi Olympics — where the Canadians finished second to Russia. But there is a strong sense of camaraderie within Team Canada, a close-knit feeling where everyone roots for everyone else.
Even if they happen to be skating against them.
Perhaps their nation's somewhat puzzling Olympic pedigree plays into it. Canada has won 25 medals in figure skating, one behind Russia for second most (the U.S. has 49). But only four of those have been gold, including the pairs medal that Jamie Sale and David Pelletier were forced to share with the Russian team after a scoring controversy at the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics.
Virtue and Moir have two of Canada's three ice dance medals, Barbara Ann Scott won its only ladies gold at the 1948 St. Moritz Games and the men have won five silver and four bronze but no gold.
Chan was the latest, finishing behind Japan's Yuzuru Hanyu in Sochi.
This could be Canada's big chance, though. Its sizeable stable, deep experience and the fact that it has contenders in every event could make "O Canada!" the soundtrack of the Olympics.
It could also make its flag quite popular — especially after Virtue and Moir carry it for the opening ceremony.
"The figure skating team is something else," Virtue said, "but Team Canada across the board is something fierce. It's great to be part of that."
HBO
My best-of list for 2017 doesn't include comedies like Brooklyn Nine-Nine or It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, which were two of my most reliable laughs on TV this year. It doesn't include Baskets, Rick and Morty, Catastrophe, One Mississippi, or the final season of Review, which mixed explosive humor with utter melancholy. It doesn't include the resurgent current season of Mr. Robot, nor entertaining newbies like Sneaky Pete, Big Mouth, GLOW, Godless, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, or She's Gotta Have It.
Even at 20 shows, and even with recent best-of staples like The Americans, Fargo, or Veep left off because their most recent seasons weren't up to the level of previous ones, there's just a lot of great TV out there at the moment, and tough calls have to be made, especially when there was no real gap in quality between my sixth-place show and about 10 or 15 series that didn't even make this list. If there's a commonality to the shows I ultimately chose, it's the way in which most of them blur the boundaries between genre to the point where those boundaries no longer seem to exist. If the question is, say, “Is this show a silly comedy or a tragic drama?,” the answer will usually be, “Yes.”
But even writing this intro and looking at the shows mentioned above, I began getting antsy about leaving them off, so before I experience decision paralysis and start pulling the list apart and trying to fit it back together, let's dive in with what I enjoyed the most in 2017, starting with:
20. Lady Dynamite (Netflix)
In its first season, Maria Bamford's series about her life, her career, and her ongoing struggles with bipolar disorder was already the most surreal of the current wave of autobiographical comedy-drama hybrids. Season two went even stranger and more meta, spending large chunks in a future timeline where the fictionalized Maria was starring in a version of Lady Dynamite itself for a streaming network owned by Elon Musk (which is somehow not called TeslaVision), co-starring her childhood frenemy Susan (Mo Collins), who gradually turns cyborg. And that's maybe not even the weirdest part of the six-episode season, which also featured Maria in the present auditioning for a “period drama improv procedural” called Apache Justice that features a coyote named Peter Coyote playing a hawk, just because, or teenage Maria discovering that her boyfriend is actually her cousin only moments before he suffers a cartoonishly horrific accident during their roller skating competition routine. But Lady Dynamite somehow manages to make Maria's quest for happiness and mental health in all three timelines peacefully co-exist with the increasingly bizarre and self-referential humor. Time and again, scenes go to places that initially have me wondering who thought this was a good idea, only for the answer to be, “Maria Bamford. And she was right.”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
19. Speechless (ABC)
More inclusive storytelling gives more people chances to see something resembling their lives on screen. But it's also a creative good, allowing stories that should seem like utter cliches to feel brand new again, simply because the people going through them now aren't the same ones who've gone through them hundreds of times before. Many of ABC's family comedies like black-ish and Fresh Off the Boat take advantage of different POVs to tell old stories in novel ways, and the best of the bunch at the moment is Speechless. You've seen variations on the DiMeo clan — messy, loud, always fighting with each other even as they band together to take on the world around them — countless times before, but by centering the family's world around oldest son JJ (Micah Fowler), who has cerebral palsy and uses an aide (Cedric Yarborough's Kenneth) to communicate, suddenly ideas as trite as a trip to the grocery store or a childhood crush feel as if this is the first time someone's thought of them. It can be big and broad — especially in the form of Maya DiMeo (Minnie Driver), who will bulldoze the world if it helps her kid have a more typical life — but also precise and sweet and sharply-observed. It's a goofy family comedy, but it's about a very specific goofy family, and that makes all the difference.
18. American Vandal (Netflix)
If American Vandal (which Brian Grubb reviewed for us) had simply contented itself with parodying true crime series like Serial and The Jinx, it would have been enough for its note-perfect command of the genre and its many histrionic tropes, here lovingly applied to the juvenile mystery of who spray-painted 27 penises on 27 cars in a high school faculty parking lot. But what made Vandal truly special was how it managed to take the characters investigating this puerile mystery completely seriously, so that the audience not only cared about #WhoDrewTheDicks (which the season answered, more or less), but about the fates of the characters themselves, and particularly the idiot manchild (Jimmy Tatro) at the center of all the accusations. It was somehow a great satire and a great teen drama all in one.
17. Legion (FX)
For a month or two there in the spring, this drama about an obscure character from the X-Men universe, adapted by Fargo creator Noah Hawley, seemed like it was setting new records for televised dramatic weirdness, particularly during an episode largely set inside a giant ice cube on the astral plane where Jemaine Clement recited beat poetry and danced in an off-white leisure suit. Then Twin Peaks came back with an attitude of, “That was real cute, junior, but this is what real weirdness looks like,” and memories of Legion seemed to melt away like the show itself was the ice cube. And that's not fair to a series as stylistically audacious as this, a twisted superhero origin story that had room for musical numbers, silent movie horror homages (sold by a riveting chameleon-like supporting performance by Aubrey Plaza), tender romance (between Dan Stevens' powerful but mentally ill David and Rachel Keller's gregarious body-swapper Syd), and general psychedelia. The “Bolero” sequence alone probably gets it on the list:
16. Mindhunter (Netflix)
The idea of the serial killer investigator who slowly loses his mind from learning to think like the men he hunts has become so picked over that I actively dreaded the thought of watching another variation on it. But Mindhunter, after a bumpy first episode, is so effective because it's the origin story of that cliche, going back to the '70s to watch a pair of FBI agents (Jonathan Groff's twitchy Holden Ford and Holt McCallanny's stolid Bill Tench) and an academic (Anna Torv's cagey Wendy Carr) invent the science of criminal profiling. Their horror and surprise at discovering various serial killer tropes that the genre has long since taken for granted made the whole affair feel fresh and vital, particularly in the long and shockingly matter-of-fact conversations between the FBI agents and soft-spoken giant Ed Kemper (Cameron Britton).
15. Big Little Lies (HBO)
Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, and Shailene Woodley led an all-star cast in this thoroughly engrossing tale of helicopter parenting gone awry, abusive marriages, and more inside a wealthy and secretive California seaside community. Director Jean-Marc Vallee's beautiful, subjective camerawork and the performances by Witherspoon and company elevated what could have been a trashy soap into something more thoughtful emotionally complicated, and the series built beautifully to the moment in the finale when the women realized how they were truly connected. HBO is working on a sequel, but they'd be better off leaving these seven episodes alone. Some stories don't need to continue to be great.
For more than 50 years, Saturday night has always been where the big ratings battle between BBC1 and ITV has played out.
Advertisement
Even now, in the age of multiple channels, Netflix and BBC iPlayer, winning Saturday nights, particularly for the BBC, is a bit like winning Christmas: it demonstrates that the BBC takes seriously to entertain a bit of its remit to “inform, educate and entertain”.
Early evening on a Saturday is one of the few slots where you can still get the whole family viewing the same programme together. The problem for both BBC1 and ITV is that getting a new show to work in such a competitive slot is incredibly difficult, which means Saturday nights are mainly filled by old favourites like Casualty, Strictly and The X Factor, and new shows are usually doomed to failure.
One of the great myths propagated by people who observe television from the outside is that getting ratings is easy. As such, the more pompous amongst them – usually politicians – see their role as stopping broadcasters going further downmarket in their search for ratings.
If only it was that easy. If you look back to Saturday nights over the decades, only a few entertainment shows have taken off and then stayed. A limited number spring to mind, like Bruce Forsyth's Generation Game, Blind Date, Beadle's About, a couple of Noel Edmonds's shows, Jim'll Fix it (but no one mentions that any more), Britain's Got Talent plus of course Strictly and The X Factor.
What's really interesting is that it's hard to come up with a programme that was created in the last decade, with the possible exception of The Voice UK, which has been a moderate hit on both BBC1 and ITV.
We have been here before. When Blind Date began to hit the buffers, a lot of people thought that was the end of Saturday night entertainment on the main channels. They were wrong.
The two big players that replaced Cilla Black's dating show were Strictly and The X Factor and suddenly Saturday night entertainment was booming again. Although its rating are in decline, The X Factor is still valuable to ITV because it attracts a young audience, while Strictly attracts the rest.
The question is what happens when they disappear, as all entertainment shows eventually do?
In the end the format and the hosts get boring and the audience gradually stops watching. TV controllers all want a new format involving new talent, but so far, nothing has emerged that doesn't look like one of the shows it's replacing.
For producers the financial rewards for creating the next big show are enormous. The BBC has made millions from Strictly and has produced it in many countries around the world.
I was at the BBC when Strictly was first commissioned and I remember being asked what I thought. My reaction was that the show would either be a big hit or a dismal failure, but I wasn't sure which.
I also remember seeing Blind Date for the first time when I worked for ITV. It was obvious it was going to be a big show, but often success comes as a surprise.
The reality is a high proportion of new shows fail. All a channel controller can do is rely on his or her instinct, the track record of the producer… and hope.
Advertisement
By Greg Dyke, former chief executive of LWT and director-general of the BBC
French federation president tips Zidane for future France job
The president of the French Football Federation has said he expects Zinedine Zidane to eventually manage France.
“That is a logical continuation. It is likely that one day he will be interested,” Noel Le Graet told RMC radio on Wednesday when asked about the prospect of Zidane coaching Les Bleus in the future.
The 44-year-old, who was the star of the France teams that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000, is fresh from a stunningly successful first full season in charge of Real Madrid.
The Spanish giants, where Zidane finished his playing career, retained the Champions League title having pipped Barcelona to take the crown in La Liga for the first time since 2012.
“For the moment I think he still has a lot to give to Real and the club suits him perfectly,” added Le Graet, surprised by his rapid rise.
“I can't believe what he is doing. I spoke to him two or three years ago, and at the time I was strongly advising him to go to Bordeaux or somewhere else, to start his career at a Ligue 1 club or somewhere more modest.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RACINE, Wisc. - A Wisconsin man is accused of giving a nine-week-old infant vaping liquid.
The product is a mixture of chemicals used in e-cigarettes, which generally contains nicotine.
According to the criminal complaint, when police arrived on the scene, the infant was "foaming at the mouth" and appeared to be having a "seizure."
When asked what happened, 30-year-old Dustin Appenzeller, the father of the infant, said he gave the baby "a couple drops" of vaping liquid and appeared calm and unconcerned.
During the incident, Appenzeller said, he'd "done it before" and that "it was fine."
The infant was transported to the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin and treated.
Appenzeller faces a physical abuse to a child charge, which if convicted, carries a maximum sentence of six years in prison.
North Korea Getting Ready To Go Ballistic… Preps Test Of ICBM
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has revealed on Sunday that the isolated, nuclear-capable country will very soon be able to test-launch an intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM.
North Korea tested ballistic missiles at an constant rate during 2016, although some experts have said they are still years away from processing an ICBM fitted with a nuclear warhead capable of reaching the United States.
In a televised speech given on New Years day, Kim said:
“Research and development of cutting edge arms equipment is actively progressing and ICBM rocket test launch preparation is in its last stage”
The country has been on the brunt end of U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its nuclear and ballistic missile tests. The sanctions were increased last month after Pyongyang shot off its fifth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 9.
A ICBM test launch that goes off without a problem would mark a world-shaking step forward for the isolationist Pyongyang's weapons capabilities. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,418 miles), but still there are others that can travel up to 10,000 km (6,214 miles) or further. California is roughly 9,000 km (5,592 miles) away form North Korea, and could very well be a likely target.
However, North Korea has endeavored to deploy It's not so successful intermediate-range Musudan ballistic missile, which only worked one out of eight attempted launches last year.
U.S. State Department spokeswoman Anna Richey-Allen on Sunday called out North Korea and demanded that they “refrain from provocative actions and inflammatory rhetoric that threaten international peace and stability, and to make the strategic choice to fulfill its international obligations and commitments and return to serious talks.”
She continued: “All states to use every available channel and means of influence to make clear to the DPRK and its enablers that launches using ballistic missile technology are unacceptable, and take steps to show there are consequences to the DPRK's unlawful conduct.”
North Korea's Musudan Missle is designed to fly about 3,000 km (1,860 miles), posing a threat to South Korea and Japan, and also the U.S. territory of Guam.
South Korea's Defence Ministry declined to comment on whether they believed this posed an imminent threat.
The order bans all transactions happening in the US related to "any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018" -- aka, the petro. Maduro had said that about 100 million tokens of the cryptocurrency would be released, which combined to be worth around $6 billion.
The specificity implies this measure specifically blocks the petro's used to circumvent US sanctions against Venezuela, but the government has been cracking down on cryptocurrency crime this year. Regulators have been charging fraudsters and scammers, but they still don't have an overall approach nailed down, resolving to warn Congress about the risks cryptocoins pose to investors and the financial system.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Mahoning County businessman facing more than 100 criminal charges was booked and released from the Mahoning County Jail on Friday.
Dominic Marchionda was indicted earlier this week. He, along with his companies, face bribery, theft, tampering with records and fraud charges.
Investigators with the Ohio Attorney General's Office said he used city grant money for his personal gain, and that $25,000 was used to bribe a city official.
Marchionda's attorney rejected the State's characterizations and say they will defend his years of development work with evidence in a court of law.
Have your say
Ben Chenery gives his assessment of The Blues opening performance
The Ram Meadow side were in action for the first time this season, hosting fellow Bostik League Division One North team Romford FC.
GOAL SCORER: Cemal Ramadan had a good game against Romford, scoring Bury Town's equaliser
They drew 1-1, despite having the majority of possession. Bury had a penalty saved in the first half before going a goal down on the 72nd minute, against the run of play.
But new signing Cemal Ramadan brought the team back into contention on the 81st minute, to salvage a point.
Ben Chenery gave his verdict, before speaking at length to the Free Press for this week's paper - plus his expectations of Tuesday's game away to Hertford Town (7.45pm).
The national security adviser is the president's policy whisperer and confidant on military matters, diplomacy, intelligence, terrorism — even the odd hurricane. The adviser usually enjoys unmatched trust with the chief executive and lots of behind-the-scenes clout.
A man-made hurricane consumed the latest one.
A look at the job:
OUT LIKE FLYNN
No other national security adviser has gone out quite like Michael Flynn, who lasted less than a month, a record low. Before Flynn was forced out as President Donald Trump's national security adviser, the Obama administration fired him for insubordination in 2014, when he was defense intelligence chief.
At issue this time: Flynn's contact with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. late last year, which raised questions about whether he was freelancing on policy about Russian sanctions while President Barack Obama was still in office and how he misled Trump officials about the calls. Trump wanted him to step down because of an "eroding level of trust," said White House spokesman Sean Spicer.
———
AT THE CENTER
In his brief tenure, Flynn was at the heart of deliberations over provocative missile tests by North Korea and Iran, close to the president's side in his meetings and calls with world leaders and privy to all manner of secrets by virtue of his position straddling the military, diplomatic and intelligence components of national security.
Democrats want to find out when Trump knew of the circumstances that eventually got Flynn fired and why he was allowed to maintain his access when it emerged that he had not given an accurate account of his communications with the ambassador.
———
'DE-HOT' THE WORLD:
That's how banker Robert Cutler described the nature of his counsel to President Dwight D. Eisenhower when he served as the first national security adviser, starting in 1953.
Cutler set the template in terms of discretion. Said his New York Times obituary in 1974: "No man in the Government, except the President, knew more of the nation's strategic secrets; yet no other man so high in the Administration was so little known outside the President's inner circle."
———
THAT'S NOT TO SAY THEY'RE PEACENIKS
Hardly. There have been hawks aplenty. McGeorge Bundy, for one, pushed an expansion of U.S. fighting in Vietnam while working as national security adviser to presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
———
NOT HOUSEHOLD NAMES
Many aren't well-known to the public when they come into the job or all that famous when they leave. Dillon Anderson, anyone? He served in 1955-56.
Among the very well known: the two women, among 20 men, who have been national security adviser: Condoleezza Rice, who served George W. Bush in his first term before becoming secretary of state; and Susan Rice, Obama's second-term national security adviser. Rice was ambassador to the U.N. in his first term.
Trump on Tuesday appointed retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg on an acting basis.
———
OH HENRY
It's hard to overstate the influence Henry Kissinger wielded on Richard Nixon from the dawn of his presidency to its bitter final days.
Kissinger was such a driver of foreign policy and more that Nixon had him multitask as national security adviser and secretary of state during his second term, abbreviated by Nixon's 1974 resignation. Kissinger, the longest-serving national security adviser, kept both jobs for more than a year under President Gerald Ford, then finished Ford's term as secretary of state only.
Colin Powell was national security adviser under Ronald Reagan and later chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton, and secretary of state under George W. Bush.
———
WHAT COUNTS AS NATIONAL SECURITY?
National security advisers have not been limited to traditional threats to the U.S. Stephen Hadley, for example, was involved in the federal emergency response to Hurricane Katrina during George W. Bush's administration and Susan Rice took up climate change as a matter of national security during Obama's second term.
BBC sports analyst and former British number one Annabel Croft picks her favourites for the Wimbledon 2018 women's title
As the Wimbledon Championships kicks off, BBC sports analyst and former British number one Annabel Croft picks her female favourites for Wimbledon 2018. Who's going to win this year's competition? These are the top contenders…
Advertisement
Simona Halep, 26
What is Simona Halep's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 1 – she will play in the top half of the draw.
Which country is Simona Halep from?
Romania
Why is she one to watch?
She's been ranked number one on and off since October 2017 but hadn't won a grand slam, so everyone was thrilled when she did it at this year's French Open — it was her third time in the final. She worked with the same psychologist who helped Andy Murray before he won Wimbledon. Though she had to pull out of Eastbourne this year in a bid to get fit, she's a wonderful athlete and ball striker, and she's done well at Wimbledon before, including one of last year's best matches when she lost to Johanna Konta in the quarters.
Serena Williams, 36
What is Serena Williams' Wimbledon seeding?
Number 25 – Wimbledon have chosen to seed the seven-time champion, despite the fact her world ranking has slipped to 183.
Which country is Serena Williams from?
The USA
Why is she one to watch?
She has won seven Wimbledons, but couldn't defend her 2016 title last year as she was seven months pregnant. At the recent French Open, she commanded all the attention having come back from giving birth to daughter Olympia last September. That was the first time we saw her in grand slam action since she won the Australian Open in 2017 when eight weeks pregnant. Her tennis was astounding in the three matches she won at the French before she withdrew injured. She's a phenomenal athlete.
Petra Kvitova, 28
What is Petra Kvitova's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 8
Which country is Petra Kvitova from?
Czech Republic
Why is she one to watch?
She won Wimbledon in 2011 and 2014. She's devastating on grass; her strike is so phenomenal, she can immediately nullify opponents. John McEnroe said after she won her second Wimbledon that it was one of the best performances he'd ever seen on Centre Court. There's also sentimental feeling for how she has coped since the attack in December 2016, when an intruder to her flat stabbed her in the left hand. After complex surgery she returned to competitive tennis in May 2017, and she's already won four titles this year.
Garbine Muguruza, 24
What is Garbine Muguruza's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 3
Which country is Garbine Muguruza from?
Spain
Why is she one to watch?
She's won only six titles in her career, yet two have been grand slams — last year's Wimbledon and the 2016 French Open. So she's capable of performing well on the biggest stages, but there will be enormous pressure on her as defending Wimbledon champion. She has a big serve, big groundstrokes, takes the ball early and is composed — her bearing on court is so elegant she's almost royal. But her performances are up and down through the year, so you never quite know which Muguruza is going to show up.
Johanna Konta, 27
What is Johanna Konta's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 22
Which country is Johanna Konta from?
Great Britain
Why is she one to watch?
She was briefly the world number four after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals last year, but it's always difficult to back up an amazing year, and her ranking has dropped. This year has been more tricky, and she'll be coping with a lot of pressure trying to repeat that semi. She hasn't played at the level of last year, so she's lost more and says she has less confidence. But her game is well suited to grass, with big weapons in her serve and backhand. She will have huge support from the home crowd, she's extremely professional and works very hard.
Daria Kasatkina, 21
What is Daria Kasatkina's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 14
Which country is Daria Kasatkina from?
Russia
Why is she one to watch?
She won't win Wimbledon, but she's one to keep an eye out for. I love the way she plays. She has a beautiful game, very different to some of the other women, with a lot of variety: a lot of spins, slice backhand, drop shot, she has great hands and feet at the net, is very quick to learn and has so much creative flair. In 2016 she played Venus Williams on Centre Court in the third round and lost 10—8 in the deciding set. Since then she's risen up the rankings.
Advertisement
This year's Championships are held from Monday 2nd July – Sunday 15th July and air on the BBC.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J. — Jesus Cruz's running floater in the paint with 2.1 seconds left gave Fairfield a 79-78 victory over Monmouth on Friday night.
With 9.1 seconds left and Fairfield inbounding from Monmouth's end, Cruz took a pass just inside halfcourt and drove to the hoop where he split two defenders to put in a soft one-hander. A hurried 3-pointer by Monmouth's Deion Hammond was short at the buzzer.
Cruz finished with 13 points. Tyler Nelson made five 3-pointers and scored 26 points with Ferron Flavors Jr. adding 10 points and Jonathan Kasibabu nine points and nine rebounds for the Stags (9-13, 4-7 Metro Atlantic Athletic Association), who have won two straight with an overtime victory over Iona on Monday.
Zac Tillman scored 18 points, Ray Salnave 16, Austin Tilghman 14 with nine assists and Hammond 10 points for the Hawks (7-15, 3-7).
There were 11 lead changes and eight ties.
FG hasn't done enough on infrastructure maintenance – Fashola – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – A lot of people in the Valley like to spend time on the ice during winter, whether it's for ice skating or ice fishing.
Canfield's fire department spent Saturday training for the worst case scenario out on the ice — people stranded and in need of a rescue.
Because Canfield has over 170 bodies of water, winter poses a significant threat if the ice isn't thick enough when the water freezes.
“Pets like to go on them, deer like to go on them, kids like to play on them,” said Cardinal Joint Fire District Deputy Chief Matt Rarick.
After one ice rescue without gear, the department realized things had to change.
“Incident a few years ago where we had to help rescue a dog off the ice. The owners were trying to go in the water after them, which usually happens,” Rarick said.
So, the department bought four brand-new ice rescue suits.
Saturday, the whole team went to Mill Creek Park to test them out.
“Once you get proficient, you need to keep training and training more on it so you're able to do it in an emergency efficiently,” Rarick said.
Firefighters say they hope they'll never have to rescue someone stranded in ice, but in the meantime, trainings like this one help them stay ready.
“Not only is this safer for the community 'cause we can rescue them quickly, it's also safer for our crews which we look out for. We don't want to put them in a situation where they're doing a rescue where they're not safe,” Rarick said.
Kyle Craig | For lehighvalleylive.com
The 2017 high school football season was as memorable as it was unpredictable.
Teams like Palisades, North Hunterdon and Voorhees had the type of success their programs hadn't seen in years, if ever. Meanwhile, Parkland and Bethlehem Catholic kept the bar at a high level.
Scroll below to see where those teams and others landed in the final Top 10.
Startup seeking to measure Trump's risk to capital markets raises $4 million
Could U.S. President Donald Trump take down the entire stock market? GeoQuant, an Israeli startup that seeks to measure geopolitical risks, raised $4 million, it announced on Wednesday. The funding round was led by the Aleph venture capital fund and included the XL Innovative fund, an early investor in Israeli insurance startup Lemonade. GeoQuant is developing an engine to scans news sites around the world in an effort to identify potential shocks coming from shifting policies, regulations and political situations and grade countries based on their risk to business there. Such risks could include the effects of an investigation into Trump on the U.S. capital markets, or the effects of China's actions in the South China Sea on oil prices. Initially, the company's program is learning to make decisions based on input from human analysts and experts, and is scanning major news sites in English. Eventually, the engine will also scan social networks, the company states. (Ruti Levy)
Biopharmaceutical firm Eloxx raises $24m
Eloxx Pharmaceuticals, a clinical-stage company developing drugs for genetic diseases, raised $24 million in an investment round led by Catalyst CEL Fund and Israeli life sciences venture capital fund Pontifax, among others, Catalyst said on Wednesday. The Israeli company is seeking treatments for rare genetic diseases caused by mutations such as cystic fibrosis and cystinosis. The company entered into a merger agreement with Sevion Therapeutics on May 31. Eloxx will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Sevion, which will change its name to Eloxx and intends to apply to have its shares listed on Nasdaq. (Reuters)
Digital token project Bancor raises $147m
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
The Bancor token project raised about $147 million on Monday in an initial coin offering, making it the second-largest fundraising campaign in the blockchain industry, according to the Bancor website. Bancor, an Israeli company, enables the creation of so-called smart tokens, which can hold one or more tokens or digital currencies in reserve. It also allows any party to instantly purchase or liquidate them directly via smart contract, without any counterparty and without relying on exchanges. Smart contracts are self-executing transactions. The Bancor website said the offering has raised 396,720 ether, the digital currency for the Ethereum network. The Ethereum currency last traded at $369.62, according to Etherscan. (Reuters)
Interested in Turkey? Add Turkey as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Turkey news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A trial began Monday in Turkey against dozens of suspects, including the alleged shooter in the New Year's Eve attack that left 39 people dead in Istanbul.
Fifty-seven suspects, mostly foreigners and 51 of them behind bars, went on trial near a prison on the outskirts of Istanbul.
Albulkadir Masharipov of Uzbekistan — the lead suspect in the case — is charged with membership in a terror group, murder and attempting to overthrow the constitutional order, among other charges. The prosecutor is seeking multiple aggravated life sentences. The suspect's wife has also been charged.
Early on Jan. 1, an assailant shot his way into Istanbul's Reina nightclub where hundreds were partying, celebrating the New Year. The assailant escaped and the Islamic State group claimed the attack.
Seventy-nine people were wounded. Most of the dead were foreigners.
Masharipov was captured in Istanbul after evading police for 15 days. Turkish officials said the 34-year-old suspect had trained in Afghanistan.
Turkey has been hit by a string of attacks since 2015 by Kurdish militants and IS. More than 300 people have been killed in 14 separate attacks blamed on IS.
The iconic hillside sign overlooking Southern California's film-and-television hub was defaced overnight in honor of marijuana.
Residents awoke on Sunday to find "Hollyweed" staring down at them in four-story, white letters from Los Angeles' Mount Lee, where a version of the picture-ready "Hollywood" sign was first erected in 1923.
City surveillance cameras captured footage of someone dressed in black about 3 a.m. (1100 GMT) whom police believe was behind the conversion, Sgt. Robert Payan of the Los Angeles Police Department said in a phone interview.
Material similar to a tarp was placed over the two O's to make them appear as E's, and park rangers were assessing how to remove them, Payan said.
There were no suspects, but the person if caught could be charged with misdemeanor trespassing, he said.
A ballot measure to make recreational marijuana legal for adults was easily approved by California voters on Nov. 8, opening the most populous U.S. state to the burgeoning commercial cannabis market, although the drug remains illegal under U.S. federal law.
Rapper Snoop Dogg, a noted cannabis consumer, tweeted a photo of the sign on Sunday and said: "#hollyweed - that's were I get my mail. #merryjane."
The Hollywood sign remains a popular spot for hikers and tourists, who used to be able to walk up to the sign and take a picture. Now, a fence blocks people, and accessing the sign is difficult.
The famed vista with the Hollywood sign was nearly spoiled by development in 2010 until a conservation group, with donations from Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner and others, purchased adjacent land to save the view.
The sign originally read "Hollywoodland" and was created to promote a housing development. The last several letters deteriorated in the late 1940s, and the part that remained was restored in 1978.
The Three Lions are through to the last eight, but when are they playing? What channel is the match on TV? And everything else you need to know...
England is through to the last eight of the World Cup, after a dramatic penalty shootout against Colombia ended with a glorious Jordan Pickford save and a cool-headed final penalty from Eric Dier.
Advertisement
Now the Three Lions will take on Sweden for a place in the semi-finals.
But when is the match on TV? And on what channel? Check the kick-off time, date and more for England's next crucial World Cup match below.
When will England play Sweden in the World Cup 2018 quarter-finals?
England will play Colombia at Spartak Stadium in Moscow on Saturday 7th July.
What time is kick off?
The match begins at 3pm BST
What channel is the game on?
The BBC have the pick of the quarter-finals, meaning the match will air on BBC1.
Who's in the squads for England and Sweden?
England
Goalkeepers: Jack Butland (Stoke), Jordan Pickford (Everton), Nick Pope (Burnley)
Defenders: Trent Alexander-Arnold (Liverpool), Gary Cahill (Chelsea), Fabian Delph (Manchester City), Phil Jones (Manchester United), Harry Maguire (Leicester), Danny Rose (Tottenham), John Stones (Manchester City), Kieran Trippier (Tottenham), Kyle Walker (Manchester City), Ashley Young (Manchester United)
Midfielders: Dele Alli (Tottenham), Eric Dier (Tottenham), Jordan Henderson (Liverpool), Jesse Lingard (Manchester United), Ruben Loftus-Cheek (Chelsea)
Forwards: Harry Kane (Tottenham), Marcus Rashford (Manchester United), Raheem Sterling (Manchester City), Jamie Vardy (Leicester), Danny Welbeck (Arsenal)
Sweden
Goalkeepers: Robin Olsen (Copenhagen), Karl-Johan Johnsson (Guingamp), Kristoffer Nordfeldt (Swansea).
Defenders: Mikael Lustig (Celtic), Victor Lindelof (Manchester United), Andreas Granqvist (Krasnador), Martin Olsson (Swansea), Ludwig Augustinsson (Werder Bremen), Filip Helander (Bologna), Emil Krafth (Bologna), Pontus Jansson (Leeds United).
Midfielders: Sebastian Larsson (Hull), Albin Ekdal (Hamburg), Emil Forsberg (RB Leipzig), Gustav Svensson (Seattle Sounders), Oscar Hiljemark (Genoa), Viktor Claesson (Krasnador), Marcus Rohden (Crotone), Jimmy Durmaz (Toulouse).
Strikers: Marcus Berg (Al Ain), John Guidetti (Alaves), Ola Toivonen (Toulouse), Isaac Kiese Thelin (Waasland-Beveren).
How did England and Sweden get to the quarter-finals?
England
After a last-minute winner from captain Harry Kane, the squad won their first group game against Tunisia 2-1. This followed a staggering 6-1 victory over Panama, before a 1-0 loss against Belgium saw them finish runners-up in Group G. Then, in the round of 16, England bested Colombia via a penalty shootout (the first time they've ever won one at the World Cup).
Sweden
The Swedes made it through arguably the most difficult group of the bunch, winning 1-0 against South Korea, losing 2-1 to defending champions Germany and hammering Mexico 3-0 in the last group game. They then won a tightly fought contest against Switzerland in the last 16 1-0, thanks to Emil Forsberg's strike in the 66th minute.
Who will the winner face in the semi-finals?
If England goes through, they will face the winner of Russia v Croatia in the next match. This will be broadcast Wednesday 7 July (kick off at 7pm) from Luzhniki. Check the full World Cup 2018 schedule here.
Who are the players to look out for?
With the England skipper openly vying for the tournament's golden boot, Harry Kane (and his goal tally) is certainly worth keeping an eye on. He's proved deadly at penalties, a threat at England's revered set-pieces, and has somehow managed to appear level-headed despite the dual responsibilities of being England's captain and main goal threat.
Advertisement
While Sweden is without legendary striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who has retired from international football, they are still a force to be reckoned with. Their captain, defender Andreas Granqvist, and former Sunderland midfielder Sebastian Larsson are the main threats.
Are these guys for real? If so, we're envious. If not, why do they go to all this trouble?
By Mike Fleming
The men of David Atlanta are already all over your social feed with @DAVIDatlantaMag, and one of the bonuses is that we get to know so many of you there. It's great to see thousands of your creative, sexy, big, gay lives playing out before us every day on Instagram and Snapchat, as well as feedback on our more traditional Facebook and Twitter feeds. We even created a friendly remiinder list of #InstaDonts.
Of course, that means we also start to see trends, and one of them is couples with shared accounts making money, making waves, and in some cases making a public mess. Here are our Top 5 Annoying #InstaGay Couples.
Brand Ambassadors
Tons of gay men operate joint Instagram accounts with their boyfriends and make cash in branded content deals. Some say their posts have broad consequences for the community because they sugarcoat reality with aspirational captions like “#relationshipgoals” and #swolemates that first got followers, then brands noticed. Free trips, free underwear and free swag followed for making products part of their feeds.
Thirst Quenchers
Some gay couples use the photo-sharing apps as a tamer version of Grindr. They post shirtless photos, brunch selfies and portraits of themselves on swan floaties in luxe pools, all in an attempt to attract a third. Now with Snapchat as well as Insta's copycat functions for video and temporary thirst trap posts, catch these guys in showers and more compromising positions on a feed near you.
Attention Whores
We get it, guys. You went to the gym today, and your guns look even better together. Your mixtape is coming out on the 16th and it's fire. Your love is unfathomable. Your plate of leafy greens is astoundingly tasty. The outfit you made in fashion school contains all the design ideas. We see you.
Badasses
These are the guys who try and make you hate everyone you know for not being as edgy and sexy. Their badness is hard to wrap your head around, as you can often see them in the hottest spots or traveling the world, or performing daring feats like skydiving in the U.K or motorcycling through the Mojave. If these guys are real, your life sucks.
Marital Bliss
The kids. The dogs. The house. The yard. All those coif-tousled heads of hair and perfect rows of teeth. Our only relief comes with knowing that the sex is probably super boring and one of you is cheating. We hope. You say #relationshipgoals, we say #lifeenvy.
Remo Stars Ochowechi clinches Match Day 22 VAT Wonder Goal
The Eagle Online
Remo Stars Salefu Ochowechi's 19th minute free kick goal against Gombe United on Match Day 22 turned out the most popular for the fans who participated in the voting for Match Day 22 VAT Wonder Goal selection. Ochowechi was shortlisted alongside …
and more »
ICC prosecutor calls for arrest of Gaddafi's son Saif
The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) on Wednesday called for the arrest and surrender of Late Gaddafi's son, Saif.
Saif is wanted on war crimes charges for allegedly suppressing opposition to the rule of his father, former Libya ruler Muammar.
On Sunday, Saif's lawyer said his client had been released under an amnesty law passed by parliament from prison in the eastern Libyan town of Zintan, where he had been held since 2011.
ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda in a statement called on Libya and other states to arrest Saif Gaddafi.
Saif was freed by an armed group in western Libya where he had been held since shortly after the 2011 revolt against his late father.
He was released in the town of Zintan under an amnesty law passed by a parliament based in eastern Libya, lawyer Khaled al-Zaidi said on Sunday, adding that Saif was headed to another Libyan city that he could not name for security reasons.
Saif, 44, is the most prominent of the late leader's children, and was touted by some as a reformist successor before the uprising six years ago in which Muammar Gaddafi was toppled and killed.
It is unclear what, if any, role the younger Gaddafi could play in Libya, where a complex array of armed groups and competing governments are vying for control.
Gaddafi loyalists outside Libya as well as some in the east of the country, where military commander Khalifa Haftar has been building power, have been pressing for Saif's release amid a push from former regime figures to reassert influence.
Saif's lawyer Zaidi said Saif could play an important part in national reconciliation efforts because he was popular in Libya: “He will play a pivotal and detailed role in this stage.”
Zaidi told Reuters in an interview in Cairo that Saif would make a statement at some point and would not be turning himself in to the International Criminal Court, which is seeking his arrest.
The post ICC prosecutor calls for arrest of Gaddafi's son Saif appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Enugu Rangers: NPFL champions to release list of 2016/2017 season players after African tour
The NPFL champions will start its pre-season African tour ahead of 2016/2017 season on January 6.
Foster Chime, Media Director of Rangers International FC, says the club will be releasing its list of 35 players for the club's 2016/2017 season campaigns after its African tour.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Rangers FC, which is the current Nigerian Professional Football League (NPFL) champions, will start its pre-season African tour ahead of 2016/2017 season on Jan. 6.
NAN recalls that the Flying Antelopes would be touring four African countries in less than two weeks on road; these countries in order of schedule are: Benin Republic, Togo, Ghana and Cameroun.
Chime told NAN in Enugu on Monday that the team's manager, Amibi Ezeaku, is presently in Abuja facilitating the registration of Rangers' players for CAF, NPFL and Federations Cup competitions for the 2016/2017 season.
“We want to comprehensively complete the registration in Abuja before releasing the list of the players for our continental and national campaigns for 2016/2017 season.
“However, it is clear we are now retaining only 23 of our old players.
“Since we cannot meet up with huge sign-on fees and allowances demanded by some of the old players.
“This means that we would be settling with 12 fresh players, which includes some foreign players to add pep to the club as we are going continental to do the country proud,'' he said.
The media director said that the registered players would adorn Rangers' White and Red jerseys for the new season.
Rangers FC would kick off its 2016/2017 NPFL campaign by hosting Aba Warriors on Jan. 15 at the Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium, Enugu (The Cathedral).
The club would be visiting JS Saoura of Algeria on Feb. 10 for its first leg of the CAF Champions League; while it would be hosting the Algerian club on Feb. 17 in Enugu for the second leg of the continental tie.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk (right) and Innovation, Tourism and Commonwealth Games Minister Kate Jones walk away in front of Labor caucus.
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk (right) and Innovation, Tourism and Commonwealth Games Minister Kate Jones walk away in front of Labor caucus. DAN PELED
Geoff has been working for the QT since August 2011 covering Ipswich's rural areas. He started working for APN in January 2010 with the Chinchilla News in western Queensland after growing up on a grain farm. Geoff spends his time out of work watching far too much sport following the Reds, the Broncos and various American teams.
QUEENSLAND'S agriculture minister will not be based in regional Queensland in a new-look cabinet.
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk took to Twitter on Monday afternoon to individually announce the ministers in her re-elected government.
Ferny Grove MP Mark Furner will be the new agriculture and fisheries minister. Retired Rockhampton MP Bill Byrne and former Bundaberg MP Leanne Donaldson were agriculture ministers in the government's previous term.
Mr Furner is a former senator, representing Queensland between 2007-2014. He served as Local Government Minister in the government's previous term.
Former Environment Minister Steven Miles has been moved to the health portfolio, and former Employment Minister Grace Grace to education under the reshuffle.
Some ministers will remain in their existing portfolios with Mark Ryan to stay on as Police Minister, Anthony Lynham to remain Mines Minister and Mark Bailey to continue as Transport Minister.
The announcements came after Ms Palaszczuk announced Curtis Pitt would be nominated for Speaker with Deputy Premier Jackie Trad taking over from Mr Pitt as Treasurer.
On Sunday, former Health Minister Cameron Dick was announced as State Development Minister and former Education Minister Kate Jones was announced as Innovation Minister.
Barron River MP Craig Crawford and Bulimba MP Di Farmer were added to an expanded 18-person cabinet.
On Monday morning Ms Palaszczuk addressed her new parliamentary team with Ms Trad, Mr Dick and Ms Jones sitting next to her.
"A few years ago we were a team of seven,” she said.
"We had a few by-elections, then it went to minority government and now we are majority government.
"I need everybody working as hard as possible over these three years.
"We made a commitment to the people of this state that we would focus on jobs, health and education.
"We made a commitment that we would work as hard as we possibly can so that people across this state can get access to employment.”
The number of assistant ministers has increased to five with Ipswich MP Jennifer Howard and Gladstone MP Glenn Butcher joined by Mackay MP Julieanne Gilbert, Keppel MP Brittany Lauga, and new Gold Coast MP Meaghan Scanlon. - NewsRegional
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Kimi Raikkonen has tipped Ferrari junior Charles Leclerc as a star of the future following the 19-year-old's impressive performance in F2 and the Formula 1 post-Hungarian Grand Prix test...
TORONTO (WCMH) — A Canadian brewery has announced a new craft beer called Fake News Ale.
The restaurant and brewery, Northern Maverick Brewing, announced the beer on Twitter April 10.
Their website says the beer is the first in their charitable series. Five percent of sales will be donated to “help reverse a questionable policy.”
The voting will begin in a couple weeks to determine which charity will receive the donations.
The company's Twitter account said they are currently not shipping to the United States. Direct delivery starts in June.
The brewery opens this summer.
Follow WFLA News Channel 8's Lila Gross for the latest trending news.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
Using this A.I.-based healing brush, repairing an image is no biggie
Have a damaged portrait with a tear right over the eye or a recent digital shot with annoying powerlines in the background? Researchers at Nvidia developed a tool for repairing an image using A.I. to fill in those missing pixels.
The post Using this A.I.-based healing brush, repairing an image is no biggie appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ELON, N.C. — Tyler Seibring scored 24 points, Dainan Swoope added 22 and Elon handed Delaware its sixth-straight loss 89-76 on Saturday night.
Dmitri Thompson added 13 points for the Phoenix (14-11, 6-6 Colonial Athletic Association), who let a 17-point lead in the second half slip to five with 3 1/2 minutes to go.
After Jacob Cushing hit back-to-back 3s to bring the Blue Hens (11-14, 4-8) within 76-71, Swoope scored four of the next six that started a clinching 10-2 run. Delaware missed four straight shots.
Swoope, who surpassed 1,000 points for his career, and Seibring, combined for eight 3s. Seibring had eight rebounds and Swoope seven assists.
Ryan Allen had 26 points for the Blue Hens and Cushing added 19, both career highs.
Elon shot 54 per cent from the field, going 13 of 25 from distance, and had 23 assists on 31 baskets. Delaware was 5 of 16 behind the arc, shooting 43 per cent overall.
Perfecting a fat slab of bacon at home is a skill worth practicing. Your friends and family will thank you.
Bacon is made by dry-curing or brining pork belly and then smoking the slab(s). Most store-bought bacons use nitrites and nitrates as a preservative, come from commercial farms, and are often frozen and thawed. If you have access to pigs—or know a farmer—you can make bacon locally sourced from organic pork, and you can make fresh bacon without the synthetic preservatives.
Nitrites and nitrates save the bacon's color, prevent the fat from going rancid, and inhibit bacteria growth. But there are competing opinions about the health impact of consuming nitrites/nitrates, and the World Health Organization has linked the compounds to cancer in humans.
As an alternative, salt can be used in larger quantities to brine and essentially cure your at-home bacon. It won't keep as long as nitrite/nitrate-rich bacon, but you'll find the slab disappearing quickly once you get a taste of it.
SMOKED JALAPENO BACON RECIPE
I use the same brine for many things that end up on the smoker. The ratios are easy to remember and simple to adjust as needed. In the end, it produces consistent results. It is actually a modification from a Betty Crocker turkey brine recipe I found many years ago. A similar whole brined turkey recipe is still offered by Betty Crocker. I have been toying with the same basic ratios of that recipe and they work for many meats.
The duration of the soak and the presence of additions such as brown sugar and sliced jalapeños make this brine a bit different than that of your Thanksgiving turkey.
—3 pounds pork belly
—1 pound sliced jalapeños
(or more)
—1 gallon water
—1 cup kosher salt, or more to taste
—1 pound brown sugar (or if you're me, you'll use the whole bag—be warned, this bacon will then burn in the frying pan if not carefully tended to. But it's worth it.)
—1 tablespoon peppercorns
—1 tablespoon coarse ground pepper (optional)
DIRECTIONS:
Trim the skin from your pork belly, if you prefer.
In a large bowl, crush the jalapeño slices thoroughly. This aids in extraction.
In a large boiling pot, boil one gallon of water. Remove from heat.
Stir in salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, and jalapeños. Simmer until cool.
Submerge the pork belly in the brine. Refrigerate for 7-14 days.
Remove the pork belly from the brine after 7-14 days and rinse. Pat dry.
Rub the pork with ground pepper if you like.
Smoke indirectly at around 200 F for 3-4 hours.
Your bacon is done. Slice it. Fry it.
Go ahead and try a strip, and then tell me if you don't eat the whole slab soon after.
The same general recipe works for other smoked meats with minor modification to the instructions. For example, try this same recipe with trout, but don't leave them in the brine for more than 24 hours. Try it on chicken breasts (depending on the cut, smoke for 2-4 hours) or pork ribs (which could smoke for 6 hours or more). Be adventurous.
Feeding your friends and family delicious homemade bacon is a great way to make them appreciate you.
Visit Betty Crocker at bettycrocker.com/recipes/brined-whole-turkey for the brined whole turkey recipe that inspired this smoked jalapeño bacon recipe.
This article was printed in the January/February 2018 edition of Omaha Home.
Sports News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: GhanaWeb/JoyNews
2017-01-02
Black Stars coach Avram Grant is today naming his squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
The Israeli coach had scheduled to announce his 23-man squad on Saturday but had to reschedule the press conference to the New Year.
02:12 Reported News Briefs Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Watch: Fighting online BDS in wake of Jerusalem declaration Read more Act.il, a joint venture between IDC Herzliya and the IAC, seeks to present a different narrative on Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Tesla Model 3 Isn't the Only Electric Vehicle Option Around buyers and electric vehicle enthusiasts alike. The Model 3's combination of sleek styling, long range and semiautonomous driving features gives the Model 3 [pictured above] an "it" factor that's hard to resist. But with a base price of $35,000, limited availability, and many of its most desirable features on the options list, the Model 3 isn't for everybody. The Tesla Model 3 has captured the interest of both mainstreambuyers and electric vehicle enthusiasts alike. The Model 3's combination of sleek styling, long range and semiautonomous driving features gives the Model 3 [pictured above] an "it" factor that's hard to resist. But with a base price of $35,000, limited availability, and many of its most desirable features on the options list, the Model 3 isn't for everybody. For buyers who are interested in an electric vehicle but don't want to wait around for the Model 3, several great alternatives are available now at a similar price point. Some have shorter ranges while others lack the latest driver assistance features, but if you're interested in an electric car that won't take as long to arrive, these EVs are worth a look. 2018 Nissan Leaf The Nissan Leaf was a game-changer when it debuted in 2011, so hopes are high for the redesigned 2018 model. The Leaf still doesn't have the long-range abilities of the Model 3 and Chevrolet Bolt, but its low base price gives it a level of attainability that most competitors can't match. In addition to its new look, the 2018 Leaf boasts a larger battery pack that increases maximum range from 107 miles to an estimated 150 miles. A more powerful electric motor bumps output from 107 to 147 horsepower for improved performance. Two new features set the Leaf apart from its rivals. The first is called e-Pedal. It allows drivers to bring the Leaf to a complete stop merely by lifting off the accelerator. It makes for a one-pedal driving experience that eases fatigue in heavy traffic. The second feature, called ProPilot Assist, combines several driver aids to provide a semiautonomous driving experience. Available on SV and SL models, ProPilot Assist maintains a set distance between the Leaf and the car in front, keeps the Leaf centered in its lane and steers through corners. Nissan notes that it's called ProPilot "assist," so drivers still need to keep their hands on the wheel and their eyes on the road. Base price: $30,875 Range: 150 miles (manufacturer estimate) Recharge time: 8 hours on a 240-volt charger Availability: On sale early 2018 nationwide 2017 Chevrolet Bolt The Chevrolet Bolt EV is the Model 3's closest rival. Not only can it travel 238 miles on a single charge -- besting the standard Model 3's estimated range by 18 miles -- it's also one of the quickest EVs on this list, needing just 6.8 seconds to hit 60 mph from a dead stop. It's priced similarly to the Model 3, but the Bolt EV has a solid list of features for that price and is widely available at Chevrolet dealers nationwide. Base price: $37,495 Range: 238 miles (EPA estimate) Recharge time: 9 hours on a 240-volt charger Availability: On sale now nationwide 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Like the Leaf, the Hyundai Ioniq EV offers solid range at a low starting price. It also has upscale cabin materials, which feel more substantial and durable than what others in the class use. The restrained interior also has a practical design, a bonus for buyers who want an EV that still feels like a conventional car. Base price: $30,335 Range: 124 miles (EPA estimate) Recharge time: 4 hours on a 240-volt charger Availability: On sale now, California only 2017 Volkswagen e-Golf The Volkswagen e-Golf takes the Golf's impressive handling and solid construction and adds an EV powertrain. Numerous improvements for the 2017 model year include an updated battery pack with increased range, a more powerful motor, a higher top speed, exterior styling changes, and the addition of a midpack Limited Edition trim. Base Price: $31,315 Range: 125 miles (EPA estimate) Recharge time: 5.3 hours on a 240-volt charger Availability: On sale now, select states 2017 BMW i3 BMW's i3 stands out in more ways than one. Its funky styling hides a frame made of carbon-fiber-reinforced plastic, making it extremely tough yet lightweight. Inside, its cabin is decked out with natural materials, including real eucalyptus wood trim and leather treated with olive tree leaf extract. The i3 is sold with a choice of two battery sizes: the base 60-amp-hour version with 81 miles of range or the 94-Ah version with 114 miles of range. The 94-Ah model is also available with a small gasoline engine to further extend the i3's range when the battery runs out. Base price: $43,395 Range: 81 to 114 miles (EPA estimate) Recharge time: 4-5 hours on a 240-volt charger Availability: On sale now nationwide © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Tesla/Elon Musk Twitter page. Read more on: Automotive, Tesla, Elon Musk, Electric Car, Autopilot, Transportation May Interest You: New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Comment:
Name:
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Several hospitals in the Valley welcomed their first babies of the New Year on Sunday.
Little Kya Lee Miller was born to Cassidy Fleck and Kyle Miller at Saint Joe's Hospital in Warren at 1:23 p.m. The baby girl weighed a healthy six pounds and 10 ounces and is 18 inches long.
Mom and baby are both doing well and excited about their new beginning in the new year.
“The fact that my water broke on New Years Eve, I was kind of in shock,” said new mom Cassidy Fleck. “Luckily we did have everything ready — like I said, the nursery was ready, we were ready for her whenever she wanted to make her arrival. A couple of lucky parents, I would say so.”
Three other baby boys were born at Saint Elizabeth's in Boardman. And another was born at Salem Regional Medical Center.
All of the moms and babies are doing well and have quite the New Year's story to tell for years to come.
Denrele Edun reveals why his plans for marriage with ex, Yvonne failed
Eccentric media personality, Denrele Edun, has revealed the circumstances that led to why he abandoned his marriage plans with his ex, Yvonne. He explained that he jettisoned his plans to get married when demands were made of him to change from his weird ways. He argued that his weird ways was what was getting him …
The post Denrele Edun reveals why his plans for marriage with ex, Yvonne failed appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lunar dynamo's lifetime extended by at least 1 billion years
by Jennifer Chu for MIT News
Boston MA (SPX) Aug 14, 2017
New measurements of lunar rocks have demonstrated that the ancient moon generated a dynamo magnetic field in its liquid metallic core (innermost red shell). The results raise the possibility of two different mechanisms - one that may have driven an earlier, much stronger dynamo, and a second that kept the moon's core simmering at a much slower boil toward the end of its lifetime. Image: Hernan Canellas (provided by Benjamin Weiss)
New evidence from ancient lunar rocks suggests that an active dynamo once churned within the molten metallic core of the moon, generating a magnetic field that lasted at least 1 billion years longer than previously thought. Dynamos are natural generators of magnetic fields around terrestrial bodies, and are powered by the churning of conducting fluids within many stars and planets.
In a paper published in Science Advances, researchers from MIT and Rutgers University report that a lunar rock collected by NASA's Apollo 15 mission exhibits signs that it formed 1 to 2.5 billion years ago in the presence of a relatively weak magnetic field of about 5 microteslas. That's around 10 times weaker than Earth's current magnetic field but still 1,000 times larger than fields in interplanetary space today.
Several years ago, the same researchers identified 4-billion-year-old lunar rocks that formed under a much stronger field of about 100 microteslas, and they determined that the strength of this field dropped off precipitously around 3 billion years ago. At the time, the researchers were unsure whether the moon's dynamo - the related magnetic field - died out shortly thereafter or lingered in a weakened state before dissipating completely.
The results reported support the latter scenario: After the moon's magnetic field dwindled, it nonetheless persisted for at least another billion years, existing for a total of at least 2 billion years.
Study co-author Benjamin Weiss, professor of planetary sciences in MIT's Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences (EAPS), says this new extended lifetime helps to pinpoint the phenomena that powered the moon's dynamo. Specifically, the results raise the possibility of two different mechanisms - one that may have driven an earlier, much stronger dynamo, and a second that kept the moon's core simmering at a much slower boil toward the end of its lifetime.
"The concept of a planetary magnetic field produced by moving liquid metal is an idea that is really only a few decades old," Weiss says. "What powers this motion on Earth and other bodies, particularly on the moon, is not well-understood. We can figure this out by knowing the lifetime of the lunar dynamo."
Weiss' co-authors are lead author Sonia Tikoo, a former MIT graduate student who is now an assistant professor at Rutgers; David Shuster of the University of California at Berkeley; Clement Suavet and Huapei Wang of EAPS; and Timothy Grove, the R.R. Schrock Professor of Geology and associate head of EAPS.
Apollo's glassy recorders
Since NASA's Apollo astronauts brought back samples from the lunar surface, scientists have found some of these rocks to be accurate "recorders" of the moon's ancient magnetic field. Such rocks contain thousands of tiny grains that, like compass needles, aligned in the direction of ancient fields when the rocks crystallized eons ago. Such grains can give scientists a measure of the moon's ancient field strength.
Until recently, Weiss and others had been unable to find samples much younger than 3.2 billion years old that could accurately record magnetic fields. As a result, they had only been able to gauge the strength of the moon's magnetic field between 3.2 and 4.2 billion years ago.
"The problem is, there are very few lunar rocks that are younger than about 3 billion years old, because right around then, the moon cooled off, volcanism largely ceased and, along with it, formation of new igneous rocks on the lunar surface," Weiss explains. "So there were no young samples we could measure to see if there was a field after 3 billion years."
There is, however, a small class of rocks brought back from the Apollo missions that formed not from ancient lunar eruptions but from asteroid impacts later in the moon's history. These rocks melted from the heat of such impacts and recrystallized in orientations determined by the moon's magnetic field.
Weiss and his colleagues analyzed one such rock, known as Apollo 15 sample 15498, which was originally collected on Aug. 1, 1971, from the southern rim of the moon's Dune Crater. The sample is a mix of minerals and rock fragments, welded together by a glassy matrix, the grains of which preserve records of the moon's magnetic field at the time the rock was assembled.
"We found that this glassy material that welds things together has excellent magnetic recording properties," Weiss says.
Baking rocks
The team determined that the rock sample was about 1 to 2.5 billion years old - much younger than the samples they previously analyzed. They developed a technique to decipher the ancient magnetic field recorded in the rock's glassy matrix by first measuring the rock's natural magnetic properties using a very sensitive magnetometer.
They then exposed the rock to a known magnetic field in the lab, and heated the rock to close to the extreme temperatures in which it originally formed. They measured how the rock's magnetization changed as they increased the surrounding temperature.
"You see how magnetized it gets from getting heated in that known magnetic field, then you compare that field to the natural magnetic field you measured beforehand, and from that you can figure out what the ancient field strength was," Weiss explains.
The researchers did have to make one significant adjustment to the experiment to better simulate the original lunar environment, and in particular, its atmosphere. While the Earth's atmosphere contains around 20 percent oxygen, the moon has only imperceptible traces of the gas. In collaboration with Grove, Suavet built a customized, oxygen-deprived oven in which to heat the rocks, preventing them from rusting while at the same time simulating the oxygen-free environment in which the rocks were originally magnetized.
"In this way, we finally have gotten an accurate measurement of the lunar field," Weiss says.
From ice cream makers to lava lamps
From their experiments, the researchers determined that, around 1 to 2.5 billion years ago, the moon harbored a relatively weak magnetic field, with a strength of about 5 microteslas - two orders of magnitude weaker than the moon's field around 3 to 4 billion years ago. Such a dramatic dip suggests to Weiss and his colleagues that the moon's dynamo may have been driven by two distinct mechanisms.
Scientists have proposed that the moon's dynamo may have been powered by the Earth's gravitational pull. Early in its history, the moon orbited much closer to the Earth, and the Earth's gravity, in such close proximity, may have been strong enough to pull on and rotate the rocky exterior of the moon. The moon's liquid center may have been dragged along with the moon's outer shell, generating a very strong magnetic field in the process.
It's thought that the moon may have moved sufficiently far away from the Earth by about 3 billion years ago, such that the power available for the dynamo by this mechanism became insufficient. This happens to be right around the time the moon's magnetic field strength dropped. A different mechanism may have then kicked in to sustain this weakened field. As the moon moved away from the Earth, its core likely sustained a low boil via a slow process of cooling over at least 1 billion years.
"As the moon cools, its core acts like a lava lamp - low-density stuff rises because it's hot or because its composition is different from that of the surrounding fluid," Weiss says. "That's how we think the Earth's dynamo works, and that's what we suggest the late lunar dynamo was doing as well."
The researchers are planning to analyze even younger lunar rocks to determine when the dynamo died off completely.
"Today the moon's field is essentially zero," Weiss says. "And we now know it turned off somewhere between the formation of this rock and today."
Greenbelt MD (SPX) Aug 09, 2017
A novel mission concept involving two CubeSats connected by a thin, miles-long tether could help scientists understand how the Moon got its mysterious "tattoos" - swirling patterns of light and dark found at more than 100 locations across the lunar surface. NASA's Planetary Science Deep Space SmallSat Studies, or PSDS3, program recently selected a team at the Goddard Space Flight Center in ... read more
Related Links
ROTA, Spain (AP) — Spain looks set to take charge of the European Union's anti-piracy operation off Somalia despite a challenge from Italy, as EU countries continue to pick over the spoils left by Britain's departure from the bloc next year.
With Brexit due in just 11 months, Spain wants to host the prestigious headquarters for EUNAVFOR Atalanta at its southern port of Rota in a joint effort that would see France assume responsibility for a parallel civilian maritime surveillance facility.
Italy entered the running late and its candidacy appears dwarfed by those from two of Europe's historic naval powers.
Time is running out for a decision to be made, and EU countries are concerned that a potentially embarrassing vote might be required to break the deadlock.
A Christmas tradition that goes back more than 30 years returns to Queensway Free Methodist Church in Niagara Falls this weekend.
Those who drive by the Dorchester Road church Sunday between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. will notice a live outdoor nativity where church members take on the roles of Joseph, Mary, wise men and shepherds, as well as a menagerie of animals.
Mary-Joe Marcon, a member of the congregation who organizes the annual event along with her husband Tony, said it's about getting the word out there “as to what the real reason for Christmas is.”
“Jesus was born on Christmas day, and that's why we celebrate Christmas,” she said.
Marcon said an area will be set up for children to feed the animals.
“We also offer a hot apple cider and cookies inside,” she said, adding the event attracts about a few hundred people.
“They enjoy seeing the live animals, and just the whole idea of what we're celebrating.”
Marcon said about 30 people are involved in making the event a reality.
She said the event and the church have become synonymous with one another.
“They'll say, ‘what church do you go to?' and you say Queensway Free Methodist, and they say, ‘oh, where is that?' and I'll say, ‘you know, they have the live animals at Christmas time and we have the nativity scene,' right away they know what I'm talking about.”
Marcon said the event is free to attend, and will take place regardless of what the weather will be like Sunday.
The church has hosted the event in all kinds of weather in the past, from blizzard-like conditions to unseasonably warm temperatures.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
twitter.com/rayspiteri
What: Live nativity
When: Dec. 17, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.
Where: Queensway Free Methodist Church, 4397 Dorchester Rd., Niagara Falls
Sosoliso plane crash survivor, Kechi Okwuchi, makes next stage of America's Got Talent (Video)
The talented and resilient contestant of Nigerian descent, who survived the Sosoliso plane crash and flourished in spite of it, Kechi Okwuchi took to her Instagram page to announce her pleasant success at the America's Got Talent. Recently, a video of her powerful performance at the competition where she impressed the judges made it to …
The post Sosoliso plane crash survivor, Kechi Okwuchi, makes next stage of America's Got Talent (Video) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Deng Adel would have preferred less time between his second and third baskets after the break but welcomed the timing of his makes that pushed Louisville past rival Indiana.
The junior forward's final basket was perhaps his best, as it snatched momentum for good in the Cardinals' most meaningful win this season.
“It was just me taking great balance. Once I got open space, backing up, I just put it up,” Adel said after scoring 16 points, including a key jumper with 41 seconds remaining as Louisville pulled away from Indiana for a 71-62 victory on Saturday.
“It was a big shot. When my guys tell me big-time guys make big-time plays, I just go off that.”
The visiting Hoosiers got within 65-62 with 58.2 seconds left on De'Ron Davis' free throw, but Adel soon answered with a jumper as the shot clock wound down to make it a five-point game. Ryan McMahon then stole the ball and fed Dwayne Sutton on the break for a layup to make it 69-62, and Quentin Snider (13 points) added two free throws with 16 seconds left to seal the Cardinals' second straight win.
Having come up short down the stretch at Purdue and again on Sunday against Seton Hall, Louisville finally earned the marquee win it sought against the Big Ten Conference school less than two hours away. Adel shot just 6 of 15 from the field but made consecutive 3-pointers coming out of halftime to put Louisville (6-2) ahead in a half it shot just 42 per cent.
His basket was one of several critical shots the Cardinals made to keep the Hoosiers (5-5) at bay.
“I don't think we can use just one game,” said Louisville interim coach David Padgett, whose team won its second in a row. “Obviously, I don't want to call it a feel-good win, every win feels good. But we wanted to get some momentum going. We didn't want to look ahead, but we wanted to play in two-game stretches.”
The Cardinals had ugly stretches, particularly in missing eight of their first nine shots and trailing by 10 in the first half. A couple more rough patches late featuring costly turnovers opened the door for Indiana, but the Hoosiers couldn't take advantage because of their own mistakes. Eight of their 15 turnovers came in the final 20 minutes.
“Give Louisville credit, they did some good things in the second half,” Indiana first-year coach Archie Miller said. “We had some turnovers the last six minutes that really hurt us.”
Juwan Morgan had 17 points, Davis 14 and Josh Newkirk 13 for Indiana, which led 36-35 at halftime but shot just 36 per cent and 22 of 55 overall (40 per cent).
The contest was still tense and provided energy to a matchup of storied rivals that began with less buzz from a year ago with both programs transitioning under new coaches. Padgett took over in September after Hall of Famer Rick Pitino was placed on unpaid administrative leave and eventually fired in October in the wake of a federal bribery investigation of college basketball . Miller succeeded Tom Crean as the Hoosiers' coach.
BIG PICTURE
Indiana: After making 5 of 11 from long range in the first half, the Hoosiers finished 5 of 23 (22 per cent). That struggle, coupled with their failure to slow down Louisville after halftime, shifted momentum as they failed to follow up with their Big Ten Conference win over Iowa.
Louisville: The Cardinals' frontcourt provided a surprising lift to a sputtering perimeter game, with 6-foot-11 Malik Williams making his first three attempts in the first half for a career-high nine points. Adel was 4 of 8 while 6-10 Ray Spalding (10 points, career-high 14 rebounds, 5 blocks) drained one as well. Guard Ryan McMahon added one for four points in his long-awaited return from a fractured rib as Louisville shot 9 of 26 from long range. Anas Mahmoud had 10 points and seven rebounds before fouling out with 2:41 left.
TIP-INS
Both teams grabbed 37 rebounds, including 25 each defensively. … The announced attendance of 20,030 was a season high for Louisville.
UP NEXT
Indiana faces in-state rival and No. 9 Notre Dame on Dec. 16 in the Crossroads Classic in Indianapolis.
Louisville hosts Bryant on Monday in the Gotham Classic.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
RESTON, Va. — President Donald Trump says his immigration plan is needed to protect the borders.
Trump visited the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Virginia on Friday. At a roundtable with top homeland security officials, the Republican president said their jobs would be “100 per cent easier” with the right laws.
The White House has proposed creating a path to citizenship for up to 1.8 million young people living in the county illegally. In exchange, they want billions of dollars for a border wall and dramatic cuts to legal immigration.
Democrats have blasted the plan and called it dead on arrival.
Trump says Democrats “can't even approve citizenship.”
“You Are Wearing Butt Pad” – Fans Lash out at Oge Okoye
Controversial Nollywood actress and mother, Oge Okoye is in another social media brouhaha. This time around, she is being accused of wearing butt pad! The actress who was once accused of stealing dog photos denied wearing a butt pad, and said it was because of the see through leggings she was wearing!
This post was syndicated from Gist Us. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Police are investigating the discovery of a dead body on Youngstown's east side.
The Youngstown Police Department said the body was found around 2:45 p.m. Tuesday at Wardle and Dudley avenues.
The road was closed at one point, but has since reopened.
Police are still investigating and aren't releasing any more details at this time. 33 WYTV News will check back with them later in the night for updates.
Tax default: Guests stranded as FIRS seals Warri 4-star hotel
By Egufe Yafugborhi
WARRI – IT was a show of shame for the management and embarrassment for guests at the Golden Tulip, Warri Airports Hotels, Effurun, Delta State as the Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS, on Tuesday evening sealed the hotel for tax liabilities.
Anita Erine, who led the tax body's enforcement team on the occasion said that the four-star hotel had accumulated Value Added Tax, VAT liabilities of over N15.6Million through 2014 to 2016 years of assessment.
“The chairman of FIRS, Dr. Babatunde Fowler, had signed a warrant to seal this company and the only way we can do otherwise is for you to pay up what you owe or show proof that you have paid,” Erine told the hotel staff on ground.”
Efforts by one of the management staff on ground to explain that the hotel had not been in operation for the said assessment period proved abortive as the enforcement team insisted on document proof.
Erine also rejected appeal by the hotel staff to speak to the owner, a prominent Delta politician with the enforcement team leader repeatedly saying, “Sorry, we are not allowed to speak to people phone on phone. If you have no proof of payment, we are sealing you.”
The FIRS team, aided by mobile policemen went round the hotel rooms, alerting guests and staff to vacate the premises before placing its seals on the entrances and its gates chained under lock and key.
The team had earlier sealed Kevwe Construction Company, Okwokoko, for similar VAT default to the tone of N84.4m, while Ishaka Hotels and Tebelos Hotels, both on Refinery Road, Effurun, had a day of grace based on undertaking to resolve their liabilities or get sealed.
The post Tax default: Guests stranded as FIRS seals Warri 4-star hotel appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
NEW YORK (AP) — The MGM-Warner Bros. reboot "Tomb Raider" couldn't dethrone "Black Panther" at the weekend box office in U.S. and Canada theaters, as Ryan Coogler's superhero sensation stayed No. 1 for the fifth straight weekend.
Disney's "Black Panther" grossed $26.7 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to final studio figures Monday. In five weeks, "Black Panther" has steadily climbed up the ranks of the biggest modern blockbusters, with $605 million thus far domestically. Not since 2009's "Avatar" has a movie topped the box office five straight weekends.
"Tomb Raider," starring Alicia Vikander, failed to rekindle the dormant video-game franchise. The $90 million film debuted in second with $23.6 million. But it fared better overseas, where it grossed $84.5 million, including $41.1 million in China.
The surprise of the weekend was the Lionsgate-Roadside Attractions Christian drama "I Can Only Imagine," which grossed $17.1 million on about 1,700 screens. The film, which co-stars Dennis Quaid and Cloris Leachman, cost only $7 million to make. It stars J. Michael Finley as the singer behind one of the most popular Christian songs, by the band MercyMe.
Twentieth Century Fox's "Love, Simon," the first film from a major Hollywood studio featuring a gay teen protagonist, opened with $11.8 million and an A-plus CinemaScore from audiences.
The top 20 movies at U.S. and Canadian theaters Friday through Sunday, followed by distribution studio, gross, number of theater locations, average receipts per location, total gross and number of weeks in release, as compiled Sunday by comScore:
1. "Black Panther," Disney, $26,650,690, 3,834 locations, $6,951 average, $605,027,218, 5 Weeks.
2. "Tomb Raider," Warner Bros., $23,633,317, 3,854 locations, $6,132 average, $23,633,317, 1 Week.
3. "I Can Only Imagine," Roadside Attractions, $17,104,797, 1,739 locations, $9,836 average, $17,104,797, 1 Week.
4. "A Wrinkle In Time," Disney, $16,256,879, 3,980 locations, $4,085 average, $60,751,533, 2 Weeks.
5. "Love, Simon," 20th Century Fox, $11,756,244, 2,402 locations, $4,894 average, $11,756,244, 1 Week.
6. "Game Night," Warner Bros., $5,602,230, 2,686 locations, $2,086 average, $54,206,414, 4 Weeks.
7. "Peter Rabbit," Sony, $5,201,647, 2,725 locations, $1,909 average, $102,441,915, 6 Weeks.
8. "Strangers: Prey At Night," Aviron Pictures, $4,701,089, 2,464 locations, $1,908 average, $18,503,141, 2 Weeks.
9. "Red Sparrow," 20th Century Fox, $4,531,187, 2,583 locations, $1,754 average, $39,664,829, 3 Weeks.
10. "Death Wish," MGM, $3,368,565, 2,676 locations, $1,259 average, $29,950,250, 3 Weeks.
11. "Annihilation," Paramount, $1,733,605, 1,087 locations, $1,595 average, $29,628,348, 4 Weeks.
12. "Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle," Sony, $1,622,505, 1,556 locations, $1,043 average, $400,246,103, 13 Weeks.
13. "7 Days in Entebbe," Focus Features, $1,592,645, 838 locations, $1,901 average, $1,592,645, 1 Week.
14. "The Greatest Showman," 20th Century Fox, $1,134,199, 737 locations, $1,539 average, $169,703,817, 13 Weeks.
15. "The Hurricane Heist," Entertainment Studios Motion Pictures, $1,033,246, 2,283 locations, $453 average, $5,369,167, 2 Weeks.
16. "The Shape Of Water," Fox Searchlight, $793,617, 758 locations, $1,047 average, $62,682,254, 16 Weeks.
17. "Gringo," STX Entertainment, $655,891, 2,314 locations, $283 average, $4,522,102, 2 Weeks.
18. "Fifty Shades Freed," Universal, $610,535, 873 locations, $699 average, $99,626,835, 6 Weeks.
19. "The Death of Stalin," IFC Films, $537,497, 32 locations, $16,797 average, $801,066, 2 Weeks.
20. "Thoroughbreds," Focus Features, $487,690, 564 locations, $865 average, $2,294,050, 2 Weeks.
OMNISPORT
Rafael Nadal showed his class in the key moments to beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7-0) and book his place in the semi-finals of the China Open.
Isner thrashed Leonardo Mayer to reach the last eight and was typically strong on serve as he made life tough for the world number one on Friday.
However, Nadal broke late in the first set to seize the advantage and then wrapped up the match by dominating a tie-break.
Grigor Dimitrov stands between the Spaniard and a place in the final of a tournament he won in 2005. Nadal has won eight of their nine previous meetings.
After saving an early break point, Nadal enjoyed success on the Isner serve in the ninth game of the match, thanks largely to a couple of dazzling backhands, and duly served out the first set.
Isner responded impressively, forcing two break points at the start of the second set, only for Nadal to get out of trouble with the aid of a second-serve ace.
A break point for Nadal then went begging, but the top seed proved unstoppable in the subsequent breaker, a classy lob setting the tone as he won seven points in succession to wrap up victory.
WEST MIDDLESEX, Ohio (WYTV) – A bridge replacement project in West Middlesex is causing concern for neighbors nearby and some local leaders.
The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation intends to replace the West Middlesex Viaduct and reconstruct a half-mile portion of Route 318 (Main Street) from the intersection of Wheatland Road/Bedford Road and Penn Avenue to the intersection of Erie Street.
The bridge was built in 1939 but has fallen into disrepair and deemed structurally deficient.
The structure originally spanned railroad tracks, but the railroad is gone and only the Shenango River is below. Without the clearance needed for a rail line, the bridge will be lowered substantially.
Over 5,500 vehicles use the bridge daily and it is part of a direct route to local schools. Local leaders are concerned about the obstacle the project will create for emergency crews and the school district.
Another issue on the table is the creation of a sidewalk. PennDOT said it would build a walkway on the bridge but would not maintain it as far as snow removal. That would be done by the borough, which was turned down by the last council.
Borough Council member Robert Lark said not having a sidewalk is dangerous because so many people walk the bridge.
“If a car wasn't paying attention and slid over, you would be caught between that vehicle and the wall and it wouldn't be good,” Lark said. “There are a lot of people who walk the hill with the bridge and the viaduct and a lot of students go up there,”
Those issues and others will be addressed Wednesday night at a public meeting scheduled for 6 p.m. at the West Middlesex Volunteer Fire Department, 25 North Street.
“It's an opportunity for us to explain to the people what we are planning, how we see it, and listen to their opinions and gather their input, which is very important to us,” said Jim Carroll, PennDOT spokesperson.
Aviation Sector: Saraki Promises To Intervene In Facility Crisis
Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, has pledged to intervene in the nation's aviation sector's crisis occasioned by the purported non-calibration of all 30 Instrument Landing Systems (ILS) and VHF Omnidirectional Ranges (VHFs) that are operational in the country.
In his response to an enquiry by a social media user, Adamu Taiwo Haruna, who tweeted at the Senate President's @BukolaSaraki handle, saying “SP @bukolasaraki all 30 Instrument Landing Systems & VORs in Nigeria are all out of calibration. This is a serious safety issue sir.”
Saraki responded that he would personally take up the issues with the aviation minister, Senator Hadi Sirika and heads of other agencies concerned.
“Thank you for the info[mation],” the Senate President responded via his personal handle, “Unfortunately the Chairman Senate Aviation Committee, Senators Aliero is away but I will personally look into it right away.”
When pressed further by the user, who stated that the failure of the ILS and VORs in the aviation sector could lead to air crashes, the Senate President assured the online community that he would reach out to the minister in-charge of the Aviation sector, in order to have him explain the purported failures in the system.
“I will reach out to the minister and have him explain why this is so,” he said, “Be rest assured that I am on top of it.”
ILS's are Instrument Landing Systems (ILS), while VORs are VHF Omnidirectional Ranges. ILSs enable aircraft to land when pilots are unable to establish visual contact with the runway, while VORs help aircraft to stay on course during flights by receiving radio signals transmitted by a network of fixed ground radio beacons
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
× Expand Photo courtesy of UAB Athletics. Spain Park alumna Destini England is reaping the benefits of a late offer from UAB, establishing herself as one of the Blazers' top players.
Destini England spent nearly all her life roaming the outfield grass until her 11th grade year.
That's when a need arose for the Spain Park High School softball team. At a team camp in the offseason, coach CJ Hawkins looked around and wondered aloud about the Jags' vacant catching position.
“I'll do it,” England said.
Being the natural talent she is, England excelled in the role.
“What she brought was speed and versatility,” Hawkins said. “She showed a willingness to take over at catcher, which is not an easy thing.”
England saved the best for last when it came to her high school career. Her dynamic abilities were on full display as she helped lead Spain Park to a runner-up finish at the 2016 state tournament her senior season.
“Destini's just an incredible athlete,” Hawkins said. “She had a remarkable junior season and we were really excited about her senior year.”
When it was time for England to take the next step in her career, she originally committed to West Florida. UAB had always been a dream destination for England, but the Blazers had yet to extend an offer as of late January. But with National Signing Day approaching, UAB decided to offer England. It didn't take her long to accept.
“Now I'm here and it's been fun,” England said following UAB's game against Alabama on Feb. 27.
It's safe to say UAB hasn't regretted the decision, either. England played in all 54 games last season as a freshman and started 50 of them, as she moved back to her familiar place in the outfield. She got a chance early in the season and never relinquished her role.“A teammate got sick and I was told, ‘You're going to play now,'” England recalled. “I got an opportunity and made it big.”
England finished the season with a .279 batting average (50-for-174) with a double, seven triples and 13 RBIs. She wasn't caught on any of her nine stolen base attempts.
England has even improved her game as a sophomore, cementing her status as one of the Blazers' top players. She hits leadoff and reaches base nearly half the time she steps to the plate.
“She is the spark of a game,” said first-year UAB head coach Amanda Ellis. “Destini has come into her own.”
England was named Conference USA Player of the Week for her performance in the UTEP series March 17-18. Over three games, England racked up nine hits and drove in eight runs. Through the Alabama game on March 20, England had posted multiple hits seven consecutive games.
As of April 8, England was hitting for a .416 average, with a .453 on-base percentage. She was third on the team with 17 RBIs, an impressive number for a leadoff hitter..
England said she has worked on improving her bunting in an effort to better utilize her speed. Ellis has also seen an uptick in England's defense in center field.
“She's gotten to ball this year that she wasn't getting to last year or maybe she didn't trust herself to get to,” Ellis said. “Her defense has definitely changed and been for the better.”
With her college career not even half over, England is sure to keep improving. That likely won't please opponents.
BEIJING — China's foreign ministry says Stern Hu, a former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto, has been released from prison.
Hu, an Australian citizen, was released Wednesday. He was given a 10-year sentence in Shanghai after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010. The case strained relations between Australia and China, the former's largest trading partner.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu's sentence was reduced.
Lu said Hu's “lawful rights and interests in accordance with law” were ensured during his prison sentence and that his sentence was “mitigated” because he also observed China's “laws, regulations and disciplines.”
Hu led Rio Tinto's iron ore operations in China before he and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
TOKYO — Japan coach Akira Nishino has named his 23-man World Cup squad, relying heavily on veteran players with previous experience in the tournament.
Keisuke Honda and Shinji Kagawa were among almost a dozen named on Thursday who represented Japan four years ago in Brazil when Japan failed to advance from the group stage.
Nishino made his debut as Japan's coach on Wednesday when his team lost 2-0 to Ghana in a friendly.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before Russia's World Cup opens, and replaced him with Nishino.
In two World Cup warm-up matches, Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano, Switzerland, and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia, Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup. It has only twice reached the knockout round, losing both times in the last 16.
No dogs or humans were reported harmed or injured after a whirlwind sent rafts and picnic tables flying along the shores of Washington's Sammamish Lake.
(WPLG) If you're a man having trouble losing weight, feeling tired or maybe your love life isn't what it used to be, you may be experiencing low testosterone levels. South Florida doctors are studying a new treatment that may help without the usual side effects.
Among the men affected by low testosterone levels is Tomas Kenny, 27, who learned he has a deficiency after experiencing some of the telltale symptoms.
"The most notable one for me was a lowered libido," he said. "For a man in my mid-20s, it didn't make sense. And then there was fatigue. Those were the two symptoms for me."
Since Kenny is a young man and newly married, traditional testosterone replacement therapy isn't recommended.
Doctors said there are two major side effects.
"One, it blocks the sperm production, especially for young men or men who wish to conceive in the future and are still interested in fertility and family building," said Dr.Ranjith Ramasamy, director of reproductive urology at the University of Miami Health System.
Ramasamy said testosterone therapy also blocks any natural testosterone production.
Those were dealbreakers for Kenny.
"As a young married man, you want to keep your options open (and) don't want to close off any avenues with your wife and our ability to have kids or not," he said.
But doctors are now studying a medication called Natesto, a nasal testosterone gel that does not appear to have the negative side effects.
Kenny uses it three times a day.
The University of Miami Health System is the only location in the country studying Natesto. So far, 12 men have participated in the study and doctors say all of them have had promising results.
"We have so far found all the men on the nasal gel therapy for at least three months, they are very happy, testosterone levels have improved and their sperm production is maintained," Ramasamy said.
Kenny said he felt a difference almost right away.
"What it comes down to is, are you happy with your quality of life? And for me, there's been a marked improvement," he said.
To learn how to participate in the study contact Ramasamy at 305-243-6090, or email him at Ramasamy@miami.edu.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Guardians of the Galaxy was the shot in the arm that the Marvel Cinematic Universe needed, opening the door to very different kinds of heroes in very different environments, all infused with loads of attitude.
It's still one of the most memorable Marvel flicks to date, and now with Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 hitting cinemas in a matter of weeks, gaming's best storytellers get a crack at spinning their own tale with this misfit team of space heroes.
Telltale Games has worked its episodic narrative magic with everything from The Walking Dead to Game of Thrones, with a dash of Minecraft and Batman as well, but Guardians proves a unique challenge: it tries to match the film's spunk while not actually having access to the actors' voices or likenesses. Which is rather strange, really.
We've had a play through the first episode, Tangled Up in Blue, so consider this a review-in-progress for now. Four more episodes are due in the coming months, so we'll update both the review text and score along the way as needed as the complete adventure takes shape.
Spring sports update: Monday games postponed
CARLINVILLE (March 19, 2018) – To almost no one's surprise, Monday afternoon's wet weather has forced the postponement of a pair of Carlinville sporting events.
The Cavies' home baseball game against Auburn and the softball home game against Pleasant Plains have been postponed due to inclement weather hitting the area.
Update at 2:11 p.m. – Girls' soccer game Carlinville at Jersey has been postponed as well.
-Eric Becker
George Blagden and Alexander Vlahos return to the cast, but there are some new faces at the Palace of Versailles
The Palace of Versailles is packed full of schemers, plotters, rulers, lovers and manipulators as the BBC2 drama arrives back on our screens for its third and final series.
Advertisement
Old favourites are set to return (King Louis, of course, and his brother Philippe) but there are also some newcomers at the Palace.
As Versailles continues this Monday at 9pm on BBC2, here's everyone you need to know about, and where you've seen them before…
George Blagden plays King Louis XIV
Who is King Louis XIV? Louis XIV is at the heart of Versailles, having decided to make his entire court up sticks and move to a lavish new palace outside Paris. In series two we see this ruthless monarch trying to consolidate his power, but as more and more nobles flock to Versailles, has he created a beautiful monster that he can't control?
Where have I seen him before? George Blagden played Athelstan in Vikings, and Grantaire in Les Misérables. Recently he appeared in the Black Mirror episode Hang the DJ, as Lenny.
Alexander Vlahos plays Prince Philippe
Who is Prince Philippe? Monsieur Philippe d'Orléans is Louis' little brother, but their relationship is not without friction. In series one, the King had an affair with Philippe's wife Henriette, and the two frequently clashed over personal and public matters. Philippe is also a formidable soldier and a leader on the battlefield – a sore point with his brother.
Philippe was raised as a girl to prevent him from overshadowing the future king. He still enjoys cross-dressing and will let himself be dominated by his long-term lover, the Chevalier de Lorraine. After the death of his first wife, he remarried in series two to Princess Palatine.
Where have I seen him before? Alexander Vlahos gained a huge fan following when he starred in Merlin. He's also played Private Keenan in Privates, and Tom Evans in The Indian Doctor.
Elisa Lasowski plays Marie-Thérèse
Who is Marie-Thérèse? Marie-Thérèse is King Louis' Queen. She doesn't appreciate being sidelined in favour of his mistresses, but she has little choice in the matter. Docile and pious, she is an isolated figure at court – but will the arrival of Leopold change things for her in series three?
Where have I seen Elisa Lasowski before? Elisa Lasowski popped up briefly in Game of Thrones as Mirelle. She's the girl with the mouse's tail approaching the bejewelled-astronaut-skull in David Bowie's music video for Blackstar (yes, really) and she played Nadzia in Line of Duty back in 2012.
Evan Williams plays Chevalier
Who is Chevalier? Chevalier de Lorraine is the longtime lover of the King's brother, Philippe.
Where have I seen Evan Williams before? Evan Williams played Luke in the TV series Awkward, and Baxter McNab in Baxter.
Rory Keenan plays Leopold
Who is Leopold? Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I arrives in Versailles as a guest after losing the Franco-Dutch War of 1672-78 to France.
Where have I seen Rory Keenan before? The Irish actor has primarily worked on the stage, but his screen roles include Bilibin in War & Peace, Eric Dunbar in Striking Out, and Donal in Peaky Blinders.
Tygh Runyan plays Fabien Marchal
Who is Fabien Marchal? Fabien Marchal is the chief of Louis' Stasi-style police force and is an entirely fictional character (though his job may have existed). Louis only has to say “take care of it” and Fabien will make his problem go away. Often that means torture and gruesome murder, both of which Fabien excels at.
Where have I seen Tygh Runyan before? Tygh Runyan is a veteran supporting actor. His CV includes credits in Stargate Universe, Comforting Skin, Road to Nowhere and The Brother. He's also the lead guitarist in Canadian indie pop band The Awkward Stage.
Jessica Clark plays Princess Palatine
Who is Princess Palatine? Princess Palatine joined in series two. The German princess was chosen to marry Philippe, and it turned out to be a surprisingly good match – despite Philippe's lack of interest in women.
“Do you know what, I think it is actually a happy marriage,” Vlahos told RadioTimes.com. “I mean, apart from the fact that he's been forced to marry her for political reasons, on Louis' behalf, they actually grow to like each other and have a very fond affection towards each other.”
Advertisement
Where have I seen Jessica Clark before? Jessica Clark is a relative newcomer to TV. She has previously played Lena Roy in Doctors, and a graduate student in Silent Witness.
In Canfield, the CVS Pharmacy is still concerned about Tamiflu shortages even though it has not run out.
Recently it was reported that the Penn State Outing Club, Nittany Grotto Caving Club and Scuba Club lost their official University recognition. A "risk assessment" deemed the clubs too risky. What a shame! The Caving Club has sponsored regular trips for 70 years; the Outing Club is nearly 100 years old.
What has changed over the past 100 years that would cause Penn State University to take such a drastic step? Lawsuits, lawyers, and a whole lot of money.
According to student leaders of these organizations, losing campus recognition means a club will no longer be covered under the university's $1 million liability insurance policy. I will put it more bluntly: It is too risky for Penn State to continue insuring these clubs because of the constant threat of lawsuits. That pot of a million bucks is just too attractive to plaintiffs' attorneys. The propensity to sue in our overly litigious society puts Penn State and any large organization with deep pockets right in the cross hairs of lawyers.
While some might blame Penn State for being too cautious, the university is not really to blame here. It must make these decisions mindful that attorneys are always looking for the chance to strike. And it's not just "dear old State." Thanks to abusive lawsuits, entire industries have disappeared in Pennsylvania and the cost of goods and services continue to rise as the explosive costs of litigation are factored in. Penn State and its students are just the most recent victims.
It begs the question: Where will the plaintiffs' attorneys strike next? Perhaps the table tennis club?
Curt Schroder
Executive director, Pennsylvania Coalition for Civil Justice Reform
Hatrisburg
Maybe don't watch this one with the sound turned on at work unless you want to give a very weird explanation to your co-workers, but YouTuber flypiefilms has compiled a video of every grunt uttered by Tom Hardy in BBC drama Taboo so far.
There may be more episodes to come, but so far the actor – who plays James Keziah Delaney – has emitted over 70 grunts.
These range from "HM!" to "hmyrghh" to "umh".
Be warned: having watched (and listened to) the supercut, it will be hard not to notice every last Tom Hardy grunt when the series continues on Saturday. Click "play" at your peril.
The next episode of Taboo will air on Saturday 18th February on BBC1 at 9.15pm
Chuck McShane will be acclaimed as the Progressive Conservative candidate in the provincial Niagara Falls riding during a nomination meeting Tuesday.
Murna Dalton, president of the PC Niagara Falls riding association, said three people submitted applications to the party to be considered a candidate.
One person withdrew, another — Niagara Falls Coun. Mike Strange — was “not considered a qualified candidate” — leaving McShane, a Niagara-on-the-Lake resident and long-time businessman.
Strange was notified by the party last month that he would not be permitted to stand for the PC party nomination in the riding, which also includes Fort Erie and Niagara-on-the-Lake, due to some material on Strange's Facebook page they deemed to be problematic.
Dalton said the riding association is “pretty pleased” McShane wanted to run.
“He's been a long-time supporter and worker in the party,” she said.
“He's been a party member since 2001, and … he was president of our local riding association back in 2014. He's knocked on doors, he's put up signs, he's been one of your good basic campaign workers for years for us.”
Dalton said most people in the party are happy because they know McShane, and know him to be a “good Tory.”
“We also think he's good because he's got a lot of contacts,” she said.
“He's worked with the Ontario Home Builders Association — he was member of the year once for them. He's Niagara Home Builders Association past president three times, so he's done a lot of work in that area.”
McShane spent time as a volunteer with the Niagara-on-the-Lake fire department, and has done a lot of charity work, said Dalton, such as helping to raise money for the Steve Ludzik Foundation, which raises funds for the Parkinson's rehab clinic at Hotel Dieu Shaver, as well as the Hockey Night in St. Catharines fundraiser that raised money for the United Way.
She said McShane will visit Queen's Park Wednesday to attend a training session and caucus meeting.
“He's jumping in right away from that point of view in terms of understanding the new policy platform that's come out …coming to know that very well and particularly how it applies here in Niagara, and just pulling his campaign team together now,” said Dalton.
“It's kind of all happening fairly quickly as these things do.”
rspiteri@postmedia.com
twitter.com/rayspiteri
(Story in development. Check back for updates)
Families should overcome the "fatal reluctance" to talk aboutorgan donation, the Health Secretary urged as he launched a consultation into plans for an opt-out system.
Jeremy Hunt said people need to have an open conversation and make their wishes clear to relatives in order to save the lives of patients waiting for a transplant.
Prime Minister Theresa May announced in October that the Government will shift towards an organ donation system in England which presumes consent.
Mr Hunt said: "Every day three people die for want of a transplant, which is why our historic plans to transform the way organ donation works are so important.
"We want as many people as possible to have their say as we shape the new opt-out process.
"But as well as changing the law, we also need to change the conversation - it can be a difficult subject to broach, but overcoming this fatal reluctance to talk openly about our wishes is key to saving many more lives in the future."
Around 6,500 people are currently waiting for a transplant in the UK, but in the past year 1,100 families decided not to allow organ donation because they were unsure or did not know whether their relatives would have wanted to donate, according to NHS Blood and Transplant.
While 80% of people say they would be willing to donate their organs, only 36% are officially registered and just half of adults on the register have discussed their wishes with a family member, the Department for Health said.
The consultation, launched on Tuesday, will examine issues including how much say a family should have over a person's decision to donate their organs, how different groups will be affected by the new system and when exemptions to "opt-out" might be needed.
Millie Banerjee, chairwoman of NHS Blood and Transplant, said: "We support any initiative which leads to more organ donors and more lives being saved.
"We hope the consultation starts a national conversation about organ donation. If you want to donate, please tell your family now."
Simon Gillespie, chief executive of the British Heart Foundation, said: "Introducing an opt-out system in England will mean more people get the life-saving heart transplant they desperately need.
"In the meantime, it's still important for all of us to have conversations with our loved ones about organ donation so our wishes can be met if the worst should happen."
The consultation, which is available online, will close on March 6.
Sergio Busquets admits that Barcelona need to make more signings but insists the necessity has not been increased by their Supercopa de Espana first-leg loss to Real Madrid.
Ernesto Valverde's side were beaten 3-1 by the LaLiga champions at Camp Nou on Sunday in a thrilling encounter that gives Zinedine Zidane's side the advantage in the tie.
Lionel Messi cancelled out Gerard Pique's own goal before substitute Cristiano Ronaldo scored Madrid's second and was then sent off for two bookable offences, the first for removing his shirt in celebration and the second for diving under pressure from Samuel Umtiti.
Marco Asensio struck a brilliant third in the dying minutes to seal a deserved win for the visitors, though, who are now in a commanding position ahead of next Wednesday's return game at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Barça are poised to complete the signing of Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao but, although he would welcome additions to the squad, Busquets does not feel Sunday's result proves that they need to invest more in the transfer market, having lost Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain.
1-3 - @FCBarcelona had never lost in the first leg of a round for a result of 1-3 at home (all competitions). Null pic.twitter.com/ONEt6DjgQj — OptaJose (@OptaJose) August 14, 2017
"The team doesn't need signings because of this result," he said, as quoted by Mundo Deportivo. "We need them because you have to renew things."
"It's very difficult but we go to the Bernabeu with the intention of coming back. We don't look for excuses."
Barça general manager Pep Segura added that the defeat would not influence their actions in the final two weeks of the transfer window.
"It's a disappointment for all the fans," he said. "It's a situation in which we have shown in the past that we have the ability to go to the Bernabeu and win.
"A result doesn't determine the planning on the sporting side. In the first half, we gave a very good impression. The own goal from Pique hurt us a lot."
DALLAS — Exxon Mobil says in a new report that policies to combat climate change won't have much effect on its business and demand for fossil fuels will remain strong for decades.
The company does acknowledge, however, that some of its most costly oil and gas reserves might not be developed.
Exxon's report, issued Friday, comes in response to pressure from shareholders who voted last May to urge the company to issue a report on the matter every year.
The shareholders fear that policies to limit heat-trapping carbon emissions will hurt Exxon's business of drilling for oil and natural gas.
Here's a fact you should know about the world in which you live: It's home to more kinds of scaly reptiles than all the mammal families combined. The reptile order Squamata, which includes snakes, lizards and legless worm-looking creatures known as amphisbaenians, is the largest order of living land vertebrates on the planet.
And yet scientists know surprisingly little about where all those geckos and vipers and iguanas and pythons came from. Genetic evidence suggests the order originated in the Permian period, more than 250 million years ago. But the oldest known squamate fossil was about 70 million years younger than that.
“That's more time than there is between us and the dinosaurs, and we had no clue what was going on,” said Tiago Simões, a paleontologist at the University of Alberta.
Enter Megachirella wachtleri, a three-inch, 240-million-year-old fossil – and an exciting new clue in this evolutionary mystery.
According to research by Simões and his colleagues that was published Wednesday in the journal Nature, megachirella is the “mother of all lizards,” the oldest known ancestor of all squamates. Her existence helps explain the transition from more primitive reptiles to the large, diverse order that now slithers, creeps and burrows across every continent except Antarctica.
In a video for the MUSE Science Museum in Trento, Italy, co-author Michael Caldwell called the fossil a “perfect example.”
“It's almost a virtual Rosetta stone,” said Caldwell, also a paleontologist at the University of Alberta, “in terms of the information that it gives us on the evolution of snakes and lizards.”
Megachirella's partial skeleton was discovered by an amateur fossil hunter in the Dolomite mountains of northern Italy and first described by scientists in 2003. But, limited by the technology of the time and an incomplete understanding of the squamate order, researchers were not quite sure how the new species fit into the reptile family tree.
It's confirming that we are pretty much clueless
Fifteen years later, high-resolution micro CT scanning made it possible to peer inside the rock holding the fossil and identify features concealed within. At a synchrotron facility, Simões and his colleagues identified features in the animal's brain case, collar bone and wrists that are unique to lizards. They also found evidence of vestigial traits that more modern squamates have since lost – a small cheek bone called the quadratojugal and primitive belly bones called gastralia (which are found in many dinosaurs, too).
Simões devoted his PhD to understanding the family tree of living and extinct squamates.
“For the first time, having that information with this highly expanded data set, now it became possible to actually assess the relationship of not only this species but also of other species of reptiles,” Simões said.
When megachirella walked the Earth, in the middle Triassic period, the world's land masses were crushed together in a supercontinent called Pangaea. Flowers had not evolved, and the ground was dominated by primitive plants called lycopods (ancestors of club mosses and quillworts). The conditions under which the fossil was found – in marine sediments but surrounded by fossilized land plants – suggest that a powerful storm hit the coastline where megachirella lived and swept the tiny critter out to sea.
Simões and his colleagues are still seeking evidence of megachirella's behavior. And they still need to fill in the tens of millions of years between megachirella and the next oldest squamate fossil. Many fossil lizards from the early Cretaceous (more than 100 million years ago) don't seem to fit neatly into any known lineage, and megachirella might help explain those oddities.
“It's confirming that we are pretty much clueless,” Simões said of the new species. “But on the positive side, we also have all this extra information in terms of the transition from more general reptile features to more lizard-like features.”
The 27-year-old has traded in his stethoscope for a pair of skimpy trunks
27-year-old doctor Alex is aware that Love Island and medical degrees don't usually go hand-in-hand, but he has a dream of becoming a part-time medic, part-time TV person, perhaps even intermingling the two – “I think there's probably room for a new TV doctor!”
Advertisement
He says that he couldn't turn down the “great opportunity” of entering the villa and told RadioTimes.com he's “spoken to [the hospital] and said immediately after things may be hectic, but I have planned my return and spoken about being part time.”
Alex is, however, a little nervous about the negative impact the show could have on his job, admitting he is worried about being constantly under the watchful eye of the TV cameras…
“I just want to make sure that I behave in the right way,” he says. “I absolutely love my job, I've worked since the age of 13 to get here and I go to work every day and I genuinely enjoy it.”
Alex says his best attributes are his height and his ability to “get on with everyone”, but he has been single for the last three years.
“I had a girlfriend for four years… We weren't friends afterwards but we've both moved on,” he says. “I think she would say I was very loyal and a good boyfriend to her, things didn't work out, we were young and as we got older we just changed.”
He's never actively cheated, but “at the end of my last relationship I was texting somebody else… I was a lot younger back then and I've learnt from that and I certainly wouldn't cheat on anyone now.”
He also likes posting photos of himself standing awkwardly next to flashy cars. Nice.
#autumn #london ❄️ A post shared by Dr Alex (@adlgeorge1) on Nov 6, 2016 at 7:15am PST
And he's admitted to being nervous about going into the villa, telling us, “I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared, I'm not used to it but it is a shared experience. We're all very different people but we're going in and are unique because we're in an environment we're not used to. I don't want to make an idiot out of myself, I want to be myself but I don't want to do anything stupid.”
What is Alex looking for in a girl?
“The best way to my heart is to be honest, open, passionate about something as well,” he says. “I am attracted to people who have drive and passion.” As for turn-offs? “I don't like high maintenance girls. I think it's brilliant to look good but spending three hours to get ready to go and walk on the beach is too much for me.” Who is Dr Alex George? Key facts: Coupled up with: Ellie Brown Age: 27 Job: A&E doctor Location: Carmarthen, West Wales Instagram: @adlgeorge1
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
