ALBANY, N.Y. — A billionaire hedge fund manager has apologized for an online post saying that a black New York state senator has "done more damage to people of color than anyone who has ever donned a hood" because of her support for teachers unions.
Daniel Loeb, chief executive officer of Third Point LLC, speaks during the Skybridge Alternatives (SALT) conference in Las Vegas on May 18, 2017. David Paul Morris / Bloomberg via Getty Images
Daniel Loeb issued a statement saying he regrets the language he used in the Facebook post about Senate Minority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins, a Yonkers Democrat. The post was an apparent reference to the white headgear of the Ku Klux Klan. It was deleted late Thursday.
Loeb, the CEO of the investment firm Third Point, is a top donor to Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo and many other politicians. He is a leading supporter of charter schools.
"I regret the language I used in expressing my passion for educational choice," he said in his statement about the post, emailed to The Associated Press on Friday morning. "I apologize to Sen. Stewart-Cousins and anyone I offended."
Cuomo and other Democrats had denounced Loeb's comments.
"We have no connection with these comments whatsoever and in our opinion they are entirely inappropriate and have no place in the public discourse," said Cuomo spokesman Rich Azzopardi.
Mike Murphy, a spokesman for Stewart-Cousins, said there was "no place in our discourse, political or otherwise, for these dangerous words.
"Daniel Loeb should be utterly ashamed of his disgusting statements. This whole episode speaks volumes about the state of our politics right here in New York," Murphy said.
Senate Democratic Conference Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins, D-Yonkers, speaks during a news conference in Albany, N.Y. on April 27, 2015. Billionaire hedge fund executive Daniel Loeb has apologized for an online post saying Stewart-Cousins has done "more damage to people of color than anyone who has ever donned a hood." "I regret the language I used in expressing my passion for educational choice," Loeb said in his statement about the post, emailed to The Associated Press on Friday, Aug. 11, 2017. Mike Groll / AP file
Loeb's Facebook post was in response to a story in The New York Times earlier this week on the ongoing tension between Cuomo, mainline Democrats and a Democratic Senate faction led by Sen. Jeff Klein of the Bronx who broke ranks with the party to empower Republicans, who now control the Senate. The story detailed an exchange between Stewart-Cousins and Cuomo in which Cuomo suggested that Klein had a better grasp of suburban issues than mainline Senate Democrats.
"You look at me, Mr. Governor, but you don't see me," Stewart-Cousins told Cuomo in response, according to the article. "You see my black skin and a woman, but you don't realize that I am a suburban legislator. Jeff Klein doesn't represent the suburbs. I do."
While Loeb deleted his remarks, The Times reported the text and the AP obtained a screen shot of the post.
"Thank God for Jeff Klein and those who stand for educational choice and support Charter (sic) funding that leads to economic mobility and opportunity for poor knack kids," the post read. "Meanwhile hypocrites like Stewart-Cousins who pay fealty to powerful union thugs and bosses do more damage to people of color than anyone who has ever donned a hood."
Klein, another recipient of Loeb contributions, also distanced himself from the remarks.
"The statements are wrong and have to be repudiated. I dissociate myself from such statements," he said in a statement.
De Blasio: Give drivers a break for double-parking in bike lanes Is this part of Vision Zero, too? Mayor de Blasio said Friday that drivers shouldn't be ticketed for drop-offs and pickups in bike lanes — even though it's a blatant...
Truck fatally strikes 13-year-old boy riding bicycle A 13-year-old boy was fatally hit by a truck while riding his bike in Brooklyn on Friday, cops said. Kevin Flores was riding on Lewis Avenue in Bedford-Stuyvesant when he...
Boy riding bike struck, killed by car in Brooklyn A 14-year-old boy was killed on Saturday when he was riding a bike across the street in Brooklyn and a car plowed into him, cops said. Edwin Ajacalon was riding...
Bike thief busted while asking cops about his lost phone A bumbling bike thief made easy work for cops early Tuesday, when he walked into their station 20 minutes after the theft asking if anyone had seen his lost cell...
De Blasio takes e-bike fight to business owners It might take a lot longer to get your order of moo shu chicken delivered next year if it's coming by an electric bicycle. Mayor de Blasio on Thursday announced...
Citi Bike expansion will see growing pains Citi Bike is expanding next week, but users will feel the growing pains with the company's resources stretched thinner than ever. Motivate, the operator of the popular bike-sharing program, has...
UWS Citi Bike riders are not bringing their bikes back Citi Bike expanded to the Upper West Side with great fanfare about a year ago, but the operator admittedly struggles to keep the neighborhood docks full of bicycles. The problem...
Citi Bike is looking to go dockless If you can't beat 'em…. Citi Bike is looking at ways to incorporate dockless sharing into its system so it can compete with and stave off a slew of competitors...
Teen cyclists attacked driver's SUV, stole his wallet: cops A driver was trying to get around a group of bicyclists in the East Village when several of them, including an 11-year-old, began kicking and hitting his SUV, causing dents...
From Petersen Media
(December 10, 2017) — Justin Sanders has often flown under the radar so to speak in California, despite picking up over 50-feature event wins over the course of his young career. Often competing in his family owned No. 17 machine, Sanders has made cameos in the past for various car owners, including a memorable 2015 season with F&W Racing, as well as having success with the World of Outlaws in the JoeVon Shroltz No. 121, but in 2018 Sanders will get another opportunity to showcase his talent as he has been named to new driver of the potent Mike Phulps Motorsports No. 56 machine.
“I was a little surprised when I got a phone call from the team,” Justin Sanders admitted. “This is a great opportunity, and I am really thankful that Mike Phulps, Kerry Fasig, and Ryan Riley thought enough of me to give me this opportunity.”
With 2018 right around the corner, Sanders and MPM have laid out a 30-race schedule that will see them contest the 2018 Sprint Car Challenge Tour Championship, as well as hit some of the marquee races on the West Coast including the Bradway Memorial, Trophy Cup, the Peter Murphy Classic, Silver Cup, Fall Nationals, the Mark Forni Classic, as well as the Copper Classic in Arizona at the end of the racing season.
Aside from those aforementioned races, Sanders and the team will also compete at select KWS Races.
Another new opportunity Sanders has in 2018, is a limited schedule with Dale Miller Motorsports aboard the potent No. 4SA on a handful of occasions at Placerville Speedway in Placerville, CA; the venue where Sanders was able to pick up his 50th career feature event win in 2017.
Sanders will stay busy in his open weeks with Mike Phulps Motorsports as he will take on the World of Outlaws when they are in the region aboard the Jon Von Schroltz No. 121, a car that he has had immense success over the pas couple of seasons including a second place finish at the 2017 Gold Cup Race of Champions.
2018 will also see Sanders and F&W Racing reunite. Sanders will climb back aboard the potent No. 18 machine for a trip to the Pacific Northwest for Speedweek, with an array of various races also penciled in.
“2018 is shaping up to be a great season, and I am very excited and thankful to be able to pilot some great cars for some great owners,” Sanders added. “I am looking forward to working with Mike, Dale, Joe, Rudy and their teams and am I hoping to pick up some great results.”
Justin and Mike Phulps Motorsports would like to thank Metal Works, Kezier Wheels, Long Creek Winery and Ranch, King Racing Products, Cam 2 Oil, CSI Shocks, DMI, EMI, and Smith Titanium for their support.
From Lynchburg Police Department : On January 1, 2017, at approximately 12:08 a.m., the Lynchburg Police Department responded to the Super 8 Motel at 3736 Candlers Mountain Road after receiving a report that someone had been shot. When officers arrived on scene, they located a victim who had multiple gunshot wounds. The male victim was identified as 18-year-old Adrian Caron Ligon of Lynchburg. He was transported from the scene to the Lynchburg General Hospital where he is currently receiving treatment for his injuries. The incident remains under investigation by the LPD's Criminal Investigation Division.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Quarterback Tyrod Taylor is unhappy that the Bills benched him to close the season and is questioning whether he's played his final game for Buffalo.
Taylor believes the move shows the Bills have lost confidence in him. He says he'll have a better perspective on his future once he gets an explanation from team officials, but he said his job was “taken” from him, and he has “no clue” why.
“They made a decision last week to sit me for the last game of the season,” Taylor said, according to New York Upstate. “Did I believe that was fair? No, I didn't.
“I didn't see where it was fair. The opportunity was taken from me. That's above me. That decision was made. I had to live with it and support my guys.”
Taylor revealed he is scheduled to visit a doctor on Wednesday to seek a second opinion on whether he'll require surgery to repair a groin injury that has nagged him over the past month. Still, he felt he was healthy enough to play before the Bills, who fired Rex Ryan in the week leading up to the game, started EJ Manuel in Taylor's place.
“I've heard that they wanted to evaluate the young talent that we have in EJ and Cardale [Jones],” Taylor said. “I've also heard things as far as the injury clause, which I don't really put much behind that because that was the situation all year. Like I said, we'll see what the real decision was.”
The “clause” is referring to a contract stipulation that if the Bills release him this offseason at a time he cannot pass a physical, they would owe him the $27.5 million left on his contract.
He spoke Monday while Bills players cleared out their lockers a day after closing the season with a 30-10 loss at the New York Jets. He was inactive for the game in a move interim head coach Anthony Lynn called “a business decision.”
The Bills signed Taylor to a five-year extension in August but retained the right to opt out of the deal by March.
Photo
TAMPA, Fla. — The Yankees and Red Sox have the Curse of the Bambino, Bucky Dent's home run and the “Idiots” historic comeback of 2004 highlighting their rich and sometimes volatile history.
Now, they are looking to add a new chapter — in England.
The teams are close to an agreement to play a two-game series at London Stadium in June 2019, according to a baseball official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the plans had not yet been finished.
The series, first reported by Bloomberg, is part of Major League Baseball's push to play more games outside its traditional home cities in the United States and Canada. The Cleveland Indians and the Minnesota Twins will play a two-game series in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on April 17-18, and the San Diego Padres and Los Angeles Dodgers will play a three-game series in Monterrey, Mexico, on May 4-6.
“It's a shorter trip than to California, right?” Yankees Manager Aaron Boone, who has never been to London, said on Monday. “Let's get the royal family out there. Maybe the queen can make an appearance.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Baseball's international ventures have mainly been limited to countries where the sport is imbued in the culture, particularly Japan and Mexico. In that vein, there are also developing plans to play games in the Dominican Republic and Japan.
Photo
England is a market where the N.F.L. has tried to build a foothold — the league played four games there this season — and where the N.B.A. has tried to bank on its increasing international flavor. But English fans' familiarity with baseball is likely to come through the prism of cricket, a distant relative to baseball. M.L.B. staged a home run derby-like event in London last year to showcase the sport for a new audience.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Nine members of a television crew have pleaded not guilty to creating a false public alarm and other counts after one of their devices prompted a fake-bomb alert at one of the New York area's three major airports.
They entered their pleas Friday during their initial court appearance. They are also charged with interference with transportation and conspiracy.
The creators of a CNBC reality show “Staten Island Hustle” have said the crew was shooting an episode about a vacuum device used to compress luggage when it prompted the alert Jan. 18 at Newark Liberty International Airport.
The Transportation Security Administration had believed the device was a fake bomb. It says parts of the gadget were “indicators of an improvised explosive device.”
“Staten Island Hustle” documents a group of investors searching for unconventional products.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
A man dressed only in his pyjamas when seen by police outside his car failed to provide a breath test.
Kenneth Roberts, 53, explained how he had earlier gone in the Landrover to take his dog for a walk.
When they returned to the vehicle it would not start, so he walked home, a court in Mold was told.
Later in the pub he was warned of the danger of leaving his vehicle and walked back to ensure it was locked.
But he got soaked from the rain and was in the process of changing his overalls, with his pyjamas underneath, when the police arrived.
Roberts told Flintshire Magistrates Court that he did not provide a breath specimen at St Asaph police station on October 28 because he did not think he had done anything wrong.
He admitted failing to provide a breath specimen when suspected of being ‘in charge' of the Landrover.
Roberts escaped a driving ban following a plea by barrister Owen Edwards, defending, that it would cause him exceptional hardship.
Roberts, of Main Road in Ffynnongroyw, was fined £650 with £85 costs and a £65 surcharge.
Magistrates said they believed it was a deliberate refusal, but they accepted that to ban him would mean the loss of his job.
That would mean the loss of his home and the effect that would have on his wife and his daughter.
His father-in-law and his sister also relied upon him being able to drive.
Magistrates said they accepted there was no suggestion that he intended to drive and the fact that the Landrover would not start at the time had influenced their decision.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
New initiative for women in wine
The idea of empowering women in wine here in New Zealand was first mooted within the halls of New Zealand Winegrowers (NZW) last year, and has quickly grown from a suggestion, to a real initiative. Source, Rural News Group.
Willow Glen residents weren't happy to hear last week there may not be much they can do to stop PG&E from clearing dozens of trees in their neighborhood to get better access to underground gas pipelines in emergencies.
Neighbors showed up en masse for a Feb. 9 community meeting at Booksin Elementary School to share their thoughts about PG&E's plan to remove 77 trees along Curtner and Booksin avenues and Dry Creek Road. Related Articles PG&E may remove 77 trees in Willow Glen No final decision has been made yet.
Several years ago, the utility launched a statewide Community Pipeline Safety Initiative to ensure its 6,750-mile-long high pressure gas transmission pipeline system is clear of trees, bushes and structures so the pipelines can be quickly reached during emergencies to prevent explosions. PG&E has been carefully monitoring the pipelines ever since one exploded in San Bruno in 2010, killing eight people and destroying dozens of houses.
Other Bay Area cities including Palo Alto, Scotts Valley and Walnut Creek have managed to stop PG&E from removing trees there, at least temporarily. Last year the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors declared PG&E's internal review for removing 300 trees between Santa Cruz and Felton insufficient. And in Palo Alto, city officials made PG&E allow a public assessment of the environmental impact of removing targeted trees. Walnut Creek, meanwhile, prodded the utility to re-examine trees near a pipeline and present evidence showing why they need to be cut down.
Because a tree's roots can also damage pipelines' protective coating, leading to corrosion or leaks, PG&E said removing them minimizes the chance of contractors accidentally digging into the pipelines and allows it to more easily monitor the lines. The utility has promised to replace any removed trees at no cost to taxpayers.
Many attendees, who value the trees for their beauty and shade during summer, accused the utility of taking the easy way out instead of investing in new infrastructure that could save the trees.
“You've got to look at your infrastructure, not just rip out trees and say everything's going to be OK,” Anne Cashman told the Resident.
Fellow neighbor Sherri Osaka said cutting down the trees won't accomplish anything.
“I do think it's a ridiculous idea to cut them off at the trunk because (tree trunks) resprout,” Osaka said.
City arborist Russell Hansen told the Resident in an email that “the standard that we have been following is to remove the tree and then grind the stump to a depth of at least 6 to 12 inches and eliminate the hazard.
“In most cases, this is sufficient to prevent sprouting from the stump,” he added.
PG&E's Angus Coyle told the crowd that replacing the pipeline system would be a major construction feat requiring digging large trenches.
“In many cases you can't do that, which I suspect would be the case here,” Coyle said. “Oftentimes your only way to remove that pipeline is to dig two large bore pits. You're almost always removing vegetation in order to do that; there's just not room. You're evacuating water from those bore pits, you've got to find a place environmentally friendly to put that water, and you're shutting down that whole area while you do that work.”
After PG&E explored the other options, Coyle said it decided that “leaving the pipeline where it is and addressing that threat moving forward is the one that is the least impactful to the community as a whole.”
Hansen told residents all of the flagged trees will be considered on a case-by-case basis and the public will be notified beforehand.
“If in discussions with PG&E, we agree that we think for public safety or for whatever reason…some of these trees need to be removed, we would absolutely post another notice,” Hansen said. “I would be conducting another site walk with PG&E before we make any of these decisions. If we decided to do that, there would be a posting put up on the tree and I would be holding another community meeting to address all the community's concerns.”
To learn more about the Community Pipeline Safety Initiative, visit www.pge.com/en_US/safety/gas-safety/safety-initiatives/emergency-access.page.
The former boy band member just completed a fitness challenge and isn't shy about showing off his results.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United are not chasing Lazio striker Felipe Caicedo, despite claims they are in the mix for the former Manchester City man.
The Whites want to bring in a goalscorer this summer and have been in talks over signing Matej Vydra from Derby County.
They have also held discussions over snapping up free agent Abel Hernandez, following his departure from fellow Championship side Hull City.
It has been suggested they may be looking at Lazio's hitman Caicedo, but according to the Yorkshire Evening Post, he is not on the agenda as a potential signing.
The 29-year-old only joined Lazio last summer from Spanish club Espanyol, but he struggled to make an impact in Rome.
Caicedo earned just 698 minutes of first team football for the club, scoring only three goals.
After sporadic appearances, the Ecuadorian ended the Serie A campaign on the bench in Lazio's must-win final matrch against Inter.
He has played Premier League football, due to his spell with Manchester City, managing 27 appearances and four goals in England's top flight.
Bankrupt A&P unable to get buyers for 1/3 of stores The legendary A&P grocery store chain, which will shutter its last store in three weeks, failed to get a buyer for 100 of its 296 stores, The Post has learned....
A&P facing deeper layoffs of 13,000 on Thanksgiving The pain from the demise of the A&P grocery store chain will be greater than previously anticipated. As many as 13,000 A&P workers will lose their jobs by Thanksgiving Day...
Bankrupt A&P has bidders lined up There is more interest in the dying A&P company's stores than experts had anticipated — if only shoppers had expressed their love so ardently. A federal bankruptcy judge said Monday...
Pope Francis' NY visit causing headaches for bankrupt A&P The papal visit is adding up to more trouble for bankrupt A&P. The grocery store chain delayed the auction of its stores by a week, to Oct. 1 and 2,...
Key Food looks to buy A&P workers out of bankruptcy Small grocer Key Food is shopping for a better deal from Big Labor. The Brooklyn-based chain, a cooperative of 180 stores that are individually owned, has been negotiating with United...
A&P looks to spend hourly severance savings on executives Bankrupt A&P is squeezing its hourly workers for every last cent. The company, which weeks ago asked a bankruptcy court judge to slash severance payments to 2,100 workers by as...
Bankrupt grocery-store chain sells stores to save jobs Tens of thousands of local supermarket workers as well as millions of shoppers may not be very thankful this holiday season as a result of the A&P bankruptcy. With roughly...
How A&P's bankruptcy is hurting nearby businesses A&P knows how to spread the pain. The last time the grocer went bust, Breslin Realty Development was stuck with an unpaid rent bill of $2.5 million in Levittown, NY,...
Bankrupt A&P seeks to slash severance so it can pay creditors A&P, the struggling grocery store chain liquidating under Chapter 11, asked a judge on Wednesday for permission to slash employees' severance by up to 75 percent — so it can...
Video
Pupils from Bradford were invited to spend two days at the Hay Festival, as part of an exchange programme with the Bradford Literature Festival.
Shot and produced by Shabnam Mahmood, BBC Asian Network. Edited by Susannah Reid.
(Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP). Calgary Flames players watch from the bench as the Anaheim Ducks celebrate their overtime victory during overtime in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey Stanley Cup playoff series in Calgary, Alberta, Monday,...
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Ottawa Senators right wing Bobby Ryan, facing front, celebrates with teammates after his game-winning goal off Boston Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask (40) during overtime in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Bosto...
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Ottawa Senators right wing Bobby Ryan, top, celebrates after his game-winning goal off Boston Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask (40) during overtime in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Boston, Monday, April 17, 201...
(Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP). Washington Capitals goalie Braden Holtby (70) looks on as the Toronto Maple Leafs celebrate the game-winning goal during overtime in Game 3 of an NHL Stanley Cup first-round playoff series in Toronto on Monda...
(Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP). Toronto Maple Leafs players celebrate Tyler Bozak's game-winning goal against the Washington Capitals during overtime in Game 3 of an NHL Stanley Cup first-round playoff series in Toronto on Monday, April 17,...
By JAKE SEINERAP Sports Writer
In Toronto, Tyler Bozak's tip-in put a charge into the Air Canada Centre. Ditto with Nashville when the Predators scored in OT for another win over Chicago.
They had some extra fun in Boston and Calgary, too, before Ottawa and Anaheim finally broke through.
There are few thrills quite like overtime playoff hockey, and the NHL hasn't had a night with this sort of excitement in more than 30 years. All four postseason games Monday went to OT for the first time since April 10, 1985, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. The only other time it happened before that was April 11, 1980.
"Those are the most fun games to play, definitely" Bozak said.
There's been fun to go around in these playoffs.
Eleven of 24 postseason games have gone to overtime in the first round, including all three games between Toronto and Washington and two between Ottawa and Boston. All eight first-round series have included at least one OT finish. The record for an entire postseason is 17 overtime games in 2013.
And with underdogs like Nashville, Toronto and St. Louis threatening early upsets, these playoffs are getting an extra boost.
"It was a 10," Predators coach Peter Laviolette said of the atmosphere Monday. "I'm not sure there's another place like it."
Nashville got its win behind a backhand goal from 20-year-old Kevin Fiala 16:44 into OT, the longest game of the night. Fiala and teammates Mike Fisher and James Neal jumped together into the end boards to celebrate a 3-0 series lead over the top-seeded Blackhawks.
The quickest end came in Calgary, where Anaheim stunned the Flames. Perry scored 90 seconds into extra time, helping the Ducks rally from three-goals down to win - a first in the team's postseason history. Around the Saddledome, fans in red sweaters threw up their arms in frustration before quietly making their way to the exits.
Boston's TD Garden crowd didn't disperse so easily. Bobby Ryan's winner came on the power play following a disputed roughing call against the Bruins' Riley Nash, and fans rained boos on the officials and threw items onto the ice in protest.
And then there's the party in Toronto, which hadn't hosted a playoff game since 2013. Bozak's goal 1:37 into overtime, putting the Leafs ahead of Washington 2-1 in their first-round series. Bozak celebrated by jumping on Nazem Kadri, who passed the puck to set up the winner, and then the pair was mobbed by the rest of the squad.
"It's a lot of emotion," Bozak said. "You just want to be with your teammates and celebrate."
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/NHLhockey
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image caption The ban will remain in place until the cause of Sunday's accident is known
A council in Hampshire has banned bouncy castles and other inflatables on its land following the death of a three-year-old girl in Norfolk.
Ava-May Littleboy suffered a fatal head injury when she was thrown from an inflatable trampoline which "exploded" at Gorleston Beach on Sunday.
Havant Borough Council said it had not had any incidents in its area.
But it said it was imposing the ban until an inquiry into the cause the explosion in Norfolk was complete.
A council spokesman said: "It has been decided that until the reason for the explosion of the bouncy castle has been identified, such that the risk can be properly managed by the event organiser, Havant Borough Council will not permit the use of bouncy castles or inflatables at any events taking place on its land.
"The position will be reviewed once the outcome of the inquiry into the cause of the explosion of the bouncy castle is known."
Two men have been charged in connection with a break-in at an Aberdeenshire shop.
Alcohol and cigarettes were reported stolen from the store in Newburgh early on Monday morning.
A crash police were linking to the incident was later reported on the A90 at Balmedie.
Two men, aged 20 and 21, have now been charged in connection with the break-in, and other alleged offences including the theft of a vehicle.
If the balance has gone awry and coach Alain Vigneault thinks his Rangers are getting away from their high-paced, high-skill game in favor of a more physical brand of hockey needed in the playoffs and enforced by the Canadiens, then a lineup change certainly could help alleviate that.
And he did his part in stoking those flames when he had talented 22-year-old Russian winger Pavel Buchnevich rotating in during Monday's practice at the Garden, as well as having him on the first power-play unit.
Buchnevich has been a scratch for the opening three games of this first-round playoff series, the best-of-seven contest in which the Rangers trail, 2-1, heading into Tuesday night's pivotal Game 4 at the Garden. They are coming off another postseason no-show on Broadway with Game 3's 3-1 loss Sunday night, when their offense sputtered and their handling of the puck was negligent. But that wasn't changing Vigneault's philosophy, even if he does change the lineup in hopes of getting more skill plays.
“We've been playing a certain style this season that's permitted us to get into the playoffs that, in my estimation, when we play it, we're a hard team to play against,” Vigneault said. “I think we've shown in this series, in moments when we've played that way, we're a hard team to play against. And from game to game, there are different things that a certain team might do that's making them a little harder to handle.
“So if you make minor adjustment as far as making a read or a puck decision, it could help your game. But as far as changing the overall way of how we play and how we have success, obviously that's not going to happen.”
Yet inserting Buchnevich in place of Tanner Glass certainly would change the makeup of Vigneault's lineup, even if Glass has been one of the team's best forwards through the first three games and one of the only legitimate physical presences on the roster. The two polar opposites took turns rotating on a line with Chris Kreider and Mika Zibanejad, both of whom have struggled.
That would be a very skilled line with Buchnevich on the right, and also one that had some success in the preseason and very early in the regular season. But as the grind wore on, Buchnevich missed a lot of time with a core/back issue and never quite gained the same traction late in the schedule, when the space on the ice was limited and the teams got more physical. If he struggled in that type of atmosphere, it's hard to think he could handle the Canadiens, who have given no quarter in the corners or along the walls.
“I'm looking at all our options right now,” Vigneault said when asked directly about Buchnevich. “There is definitely a lot of credit to be given with how well [the Canadiens] are playing, not only without the puck, but with the puck and the decisions they're making. Some of our problems have come a lot on our puck management. We need to do a better job.”
With the power play having gone 0-for-10 in the series, Buchnevich also could bring a new element there. Vigneault juggled the combinations at practice to get Buchnevich on the top unit with point-man Ryan McDonagh.
Yet it hardly guarantees any change is coming. Heck, Vigneault is the same guy who ran out some fake lines in pregame warmup Sunday in a bit of subterfuge.
He might believe the same group that played the first three games can just play better, and the insertion of Buchnevich won't help right now. He obviously believes that narratives like his team's woes at home can be changed, so much so that he invoked Sergio Garcia's breakthrough win at the Masters a week ago as an example.
“That's what the guy that just won the Masters did. He knocked all those bad — whether it be rounds or majors out of his head — and he went out and won,” Vigneault said. “Most of the experts, most of the people, most of the fans, thought that he couldn't do it, and he did.
“That's the beauty of sports: You get opportunities, and that's what we're going to get.”
The crime drama returns for a new series with a whole host of fresh faces - but who's who?
Find out more about all the cast and characters of Unforgotten series 2 here.
Advertisement
Nicola Walker – DCI Cassie Stuart
DCI Cassie Stuart is divorced and lives with her father Martin with whom she has a good relationship. She has two sons, both studying at university. Cassie begins to investigate the death of a middle-aged man whose body is discovered preserved in a suitcase in the River Lea, and is determined to find out how he ended up there.
If you're a fan of Last Tango in Halifax, Scott & Bailey or River then chances are you'll know Nicola Walker's face quite well. She honed her craft with the Cambridge Footlights and popped up on TV screens in numerous productions from ITV's Touching Evil to Steven Moffat's Chalk before being cast in Spooks as Ruth Evershed.
She's won numerous accolades for her theatre work – including an Olivier Award for her turn in The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time – and appeared on both Broadway and the West End. Oh, and she's the woman singing Can't Smile Without You in Four Weddings and a Funeral.
Sanjeev Bhaskar – DS Sunil ‘Sunny' Khan
DI Sunny Khan is Cassie's work colleague. A single father of two teenage girls, Sunny is overworked but always does his best to deliver. Sunny and Cassie have a tight working relationship often punctuated with truthful and humorous conversation. They make a good team and their policing skills, attitude and approach to the job complement perfectly.
From The Kumars at Number 42 to Goodness Gracious Me, Bhaskar is probably best known for many for his comedy ventures. The former Chancellor of the University of Sussex has a serious side too though, with documentaries like India with Sanjeev Bhaskar under his belt.
Advertisement
Bhaskar's book – based on the documentary – was a bestseller, and he was awarded on OBE in the Queen's New Year Honours in 2005. In April 2015 he was the recipient of an Outstanding Achievement in Television Award at the Asian Awards.
CDC officials have been describing this year's flu season as a tough one — almost the entire United States has been hit with widespread flu activity at the same time.
“This is an unusual pattern for the U.S.,” the CDC's Dr. Daniel Jernigan said.
Related: How to prevent flu? Wash your hands
“For the prior three weeks, we have had 49 states with widespread activity, which is something we haven't seen since collecting this data.”
Oregon is seeing a little less activity, bringing the total to 48 states with widespread infection, down from 49 the prior week. CDC officials said they hoped that meant the epidemic may finally be waning, at least in the west.
Flu causes an epidemic every year. Flu kills between 12,000 to 56,000 Americans every year, depending on how rough the season is, and it puts 140,000 to 710,000 people into the hospital.
The last time flu put 710,000 people into the hospital was the 2014-2015 flu season. This season may be on track to have even more flu hospitalizations, although the full count won't be in for weeks yet.
Related: Why this year's bad flu season is good for the flu vaccine
"The hospitalization rate is the highest that we have seen" since 2010, Schuchat said.
"What we are saying is that so far this year, the cumulative rate of hospitalizations is the highest since we've been tracking in this way, which goes back to 2010."
The CDC measures flu activity in several ways. The rate of deaths from influenza is not as high as it was in 2014-2015, Jernigan said. Deaths from pneumonia and influenza are at 9.7 percent of all deaths being reported.
Schuchat and Jernigan said weeks more remain in the flu season and it's not too late to get vaccinated.
"We continue to recommend the flu vaccine," Schuchat said. Flu vaccines on the market protect against three or four strains of influenza, and all four strains are circulating. The most common virus putting people into the hospital is the H3N2 strain and the vaccine is not terribly effective against that strain, but it works better against H1N1, which is also circulating, and the two influenza B strains Schuchat said.
There are spot shortages of antiviral medications to fight flu, such as Tamiflu, Schuchat said. "Patients may have to call more than one pharmacy to fill their prescriptions," she said.
And she said people should not worry too much about unusual side-effects. "The fears about very severe side-effects of antivirals have not held up under robust examination," Schuchat said.
Flu seasons can last for as long as 20 weeks, the CDC notes. The U.S. has had 10 weeks of elevated influenza-like-illness, so weeks more could remain.
Pregnant women, people with respiratory disease, the very old and the very young have the highest risk from flu, but the CDC said half of those who have been hospitalized have had no underlying conditions that would put them at high risk.
Half the children who have died from flu so far were perfectly healthy, the CDC said, and 20 percent of those who died had been vaccinated. Kids have died from all the circulating influenza strains.
Worried parents need to keep an eye out for signs of serious flu, which include trouble breathing very high fever, rapid breathing, and symptoms that appear to get better and then suddenly worsen again -- pointing to a potential secondary infection.
Paris seems like a time capsule.
Gorgeous landmarks like the Sainte-Chapelle, covered in a rainbow of stained glass, date back to the 13th century — or earlier. But France's cultural and economic capital is, in many ways, starting to embrace the future.
In her book, “The New Paris,” American expatriate Lindsey Tramuta describes her adopted hometown as a “vibrant city in motion.” She reports that the 2008 crash spurred local restaurateurs and entrepreneurs to rethink their antiquated business models.
Coupled with the rise of social media, young Parisians began to look outward for inspiration, fueling a wave of trendy haunts that still pay homage to the city's golden-hued legacy.
New inventions include Bisou Creperie, a neon-lit dessert spot in the 2nd Arrondissement that debuted earlier this year and serves up Instagram-friendly iterations of the beloved stuffed pastry. There's also the Latin Quarter's Cafe de la Nouvelle Mairie, a hip bistro near the Pantheon known for its large selection of trendy natural wines.
The same spirit of reinvention extends to the City of Lights' hotels. Take the Hilton Paris Opera (from $245), which reopened in 2015 after a $50 million restoration. The American chain updated the stately French decor of the building (formerly the Hotel Concorde Saint-Lazare) adding crystal chandeliers in the lobby for a sophisticated vibe, while its 268 rooms feature sleek furnishings in yellow, gray and black, mirrored headboards and heated floors.
Attracting mostly well-tailored business execs and families, this stay manages a stylish take in what might otherwise be a cookie-cutter corporate hotel. Even better, it's centrally located in the Opera district, nearby Gare Saint-Lazare, one of the largest railways stations in Paris.
A Metro stop and famous department stores like Le Bon Marché and Galeries Lafayette help make the Hilton Paris Opera an ideal home base for visitors.
Longing for a taste of old Paris? Stay at Le Meurice (from $820). Since opening in 1815, the opulent hotel has hosted the crème de la crème of society — from royalty like King George VI to rappers like Jay-Z. And, earlier this year, it received a $2 million facelift courtesy of famed French designer Philippe Starck.
Its Le Dali restaurant on the main floor, which pays homage to Salvador Dalí, has been updated with pink copper light fixtures, white marble tables and a new ceiling that features drawings by Stark's daughter, Ara.
Meanwhile, the 160 rooms have retained their Versailles-like aesthetic — rooms are decked out with Old World molded wall paneling and 19th-century furniture, along with lush marble bathrooms fit for royalty.
The author was a guest of British Airways, Hilton and Le Meurice.
Richard Brent with The Big House is excited about the museum being featured on the cover of the 2018 Georgia travel guide along with Jason Aldean. The Big House also finished as the third best attraction in Georgia in a vote by readers of USA Today.
In the aftermath of the NE Campus astronomy class that led to a mass walkout of scared and confused students, a visit from the police and an instructor's suspension, it's time to take a breath and reflect.
Daniel Mashburn was suspended after he arrived to Solar System class late, face covered, turning the lights off, fidgeting with his pocket and quoting the Quran. His behavior was so bizarre and alarming to students that many left and the police were called.
Two days after the story was first broadcast on Fox 4 News, the story spread to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram and The Dallas Morning News to Fox News, Breitbart and London's Daily Mail.
After watching the comments across social media, it became very clear: Islamophobia is still a huge issue.
While Mashburn has not gone through the process of reversion, the official process of entering the Muslim faith, and has read the Quran on his own as well as researched Islam online, he is a self-proclaimed Muslim. And it didn't take long for others to jump on this detail of the story.
Students revealed in their interviews that Mashburn wasn't being preachy, nor did they feel religion played a role in why they decided to leave class. But the story became more about the fact that he identified himself as a Muslim and quoted the Quran in class as the story moved through bigger circles and into national media.
Comments accused him and Muslims of attempting to “indoctrinate” innocent and unsuspecting college students, blaming Islam for “creating so many gd idiots” and so on. Despite Mashburn being a white native of Tennessee, many comments mentioned how he needed to go back to his country and the topic of immigration was discussed. The comments get more vile the further one scrolls, which is true of many things on the internet, but it only highlights just how bad Islamophobia has become.
People took the chance to politicize and further polarize people over a story that had less to do with Islam and more to do with students having genuine fear about someone coming into their night class, whose face they couldn't see and whose hand was stuck and fussing with something in his pocket, never identifying himself clearly as the teacher for their class.
Students were on edge for very base and non-Islamophobic reasons. Their vision was hindered by the dark lighting and coupled with him digging in his pockets, students were left with mapping out how they would leave class if anything happened.
With the amount of stories covered about campus shootings, including the two high school shootings that have taken place since the Jan. 16 class, and one of those happening in nearby Ellis County, the worry of a weapon was an understandable one. According to The New York Times Jan. 24, in the first three weeks of 2018, there have been 11 school shootings.
As sad as it is, this world is on edge. It is volatile, with stories seemingly coming up daily about terrorist attacks and shootings. Because we are continuously exposed to this world, we think on edge in situations that defy social norms or push against what “should” be happening in general situations.
A teacher wouldn't normally turn the lights off when coming into a classroom, though Mashburn argued artificial light could hinder one's night vision. A teacher wouldn't normally keep his face covered, especially if students complained about not being able to hear the lecture well, but Mashburn argued it was to protect his hands and face in the dry winter weather. But that wasn't communicated to students.
All of this, plus the fact that this was the first time students ever saw Mashburn. Of course, students were afraid this could turn out to be a bad situation, one that could ultimately end up with bad or even deadly outcomes. Thankfully, when searched by police, Mashburn had no weapon. Thankfully, the situation was only a story about how students left campus due to their instructor's weird behavior instead of it escalating.
So as this semester chugs along and this investigation moves forward, don't lose sight of the bigger picture: No student deserves to fear for their safety while trying to get an education.
An explosion occurred during rush hour Monday morning near New York City's Port Authority, police said.
One suspect was in custody following the incident at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue, according to a senior NYPD official.
The suspect sustained a minor injury, law enforcement told NBC News. They said it did not appear anyone else had been hurt.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Explosion reported in Midtown Manhattan 2:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Three law enforcement officials said that the explosion was believed to be an "intentional act." The suspect was carrying some sort of pipe bomb or other type of improvised explosive device that either went off prematurely or only partially detonated, the law enforcement officials said.
NYPD and FBI are investigating whether it was a lone actor with a lone incendiary device, or whether it was part of a broader plot.
The incident, in the heart of the city, caused chaos for morning commuters. Emergency vehicles that stretched for blocks rushed to the scene, causing major evacuations in the massive transit hub.
Two students who were about to swipe into the subway said that they were trying to get to school when the explosion went off.
"I was about to swipe in my card and out of nowhere, we heard a really loud bang, everyone said 'get out, get out!'" Ali, 18, who declined to give his last name, said.
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday. Charles Zoeller / AP
His friend, Saidou Choudhury, 19, said the explosion "sounded like it was deep inside."
"I was traumatized," he said.
The Fire Department of New York City said they received a call about the explosion at 7:19 a.m. ET.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal is the nation's largest bus terminal, with about 230,000 passengers passing through it on a typical weekday, its website says.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Get Raiders news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Raiders HQ newsletter.
ALAMEDA — Eight days after being released by the Philadelphia Eagles following an arrest in which he faces six charges, cornerback Daryl Worley found a home with the Raiders.
Worley, wearing No. 36, took part in the Raiders' voluntary mini-camp practice Tuesday and was not available for comment.
Raiders coach Jon Gruden said the club had gathered enough information on Worley and thought enough of his skill set to give him another shot.
“We looked in to it,” Gruden said. “Obviously, it was an unfortunate matter. We have a lot of intel on Worley with Karl Joseph here, who was his teammate at West Virginia. Bruce Irvin played at West Virginia. We have a lot of insight on him.
“We talked to some of his previous coaches. We think he deserves another chance and we're happy to give him one. I think he's learned his lesson and he's got to prove that.”
Worley, 23, is a former third-around draft pick of the Carolina Panthers. This off-season he was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for wide receiver Torrey Smith. The Eagles cut Worley on April 15 after learning details of an arrest near the team facility.
Police allegedly found Worley passed out inside a vehicle blocking a highway 6 a.m. , according to NFL Media, which also reported the cornerback had been tased after becoming combative.
Worley is facing charges including driving under the influence, firearms not to be carried without a license, carrying firearms in public in Philadelphia, possession of an instrument of crime, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct/engaging in fighting. He is scheduled for a preliminary hearing on May 1.
Joseph, a first round pick by the Raiders in the 2016 NFL draft, was a teammate of Worley's with both participating in the same pre-draft pro day. Irvin did not play with Worley at West Virginia but has maintained ties with the program.
For complete Oakland Raiders coverage follow us on Flipboard.
After the matter is dealt with legally, Worley could face discipline under the NFL's personal conduct policy.
In 31 games with 25 starts, Worley has three interceptions, 19 passes defended, two sacks and 150 tackles.
“We think he can help us if he's right,” Gruden said.
Related Articles Jordy Nelson: 3 things the new Raiders wide receiver said Tuesday
Jon Gruden back in his element on first day of Raiders veteran mini-camp
Photos: Former 49er, Raider Aldon Smith re-lists San Jose mansion
How Reggie McKenzie gets along with his ‘bowling ball of butcher knives'
Raiders' draft preview: Iowa cornerback Josh Johnson The Raiders lost cornerback TJ Carrie in free agency and released veterans David Amerson and Sean Smith. Rashaan Melvin was signed in free agency, along with veterans Leon Hall and Shareece Wright. The Raiders are counting on a full return to health by Gareon Conley, who was on the field but did not participate fully Wednesday after missing most of his rookie season with a shin injury.
“We think Rashaan Melvin can be a really good player,” Gruden said. “We think Conley can be a really good player if healthy. We have a lot of competition right now behind him, and usually that breeds success.”
(Tribune News Service) - Despite huge investments in public transportation, the time it takes to get to a workplace outside a person's place of residence in Israel has become 20% longer over the past five years, according to a survey published today by the Bank of Israel.
According to the survey, which will be included in a Bank of Israel report to be published soon, owners of private vehicles do not use public transportation to get to work, and the level of satisfaction from public transportation services is among the lowest in Europe.
In the survey, the Bank of Israel states that investment in public transportation has increased slightly in recent years, but added that despite this investment, the burden on transportation infrastructure had increased. As a result, the average travel time to workplaces outside people's home communities rose from 32.5 minutes in 2011 to over 38 minutes.The Bank of Israel did not mention the rapid increase in the number of private vehicles, but stated that the increased load on transport infrastructure followed a major rise in the number of people traveling to work as a result of natural population growth, population dispersion, an impressive increase in the employment rate and improvement in infrastructure, which has bolstered the demand for travel.One of the disturbing findings arising from the survey concerns satisfaction with the level of public transportation service in Israel. The survey rates the Tel Aviv and Jerusalem districts in next to last place in this aspect, with only cities in Italy rated lower. Slightly higher rated are Haifa and the city of Tel Aviv (as opposed to the Tel Aviv district). The survey in Israel was conducted in 2013-2016, after operation of the first light rail in Jerusalem began.The OECD stated last week that Israel had a severe shortage of public transportation infrastructure.
Not every player in the NBA is happy with his current situation and these are five players that could use a change of scenery.
There are many people in society that feel that NBA players are happy because they're rich. While it's true that nearly all of them are wealthy, money isn't everything. Making a lot of money is a byproduct of being a professional athlete, but their main goal is to win. Regardless of how much money someone makes, it's a sad situation if his NBA team is constantly losing or underperforming with a talented roster.
It can also be frustrating for a player if he's no longer the right fit for his team. He may be collecting nice paychecks, but if he's not receiving enough minutes or coming off the bench, then it can be very frustrating.
One obvious player that immediately comes to mind that needs a change of scenery is DeMarcus Cousins of the Sacramento Kings. He is arguably the best big man in the game and the only thing that his team seems to win are lottery draft picks. Sacramento also isn't a prime location to lure quality players to surround Cousins with.
This isn't a knock on guys like Darren Collison and Rudy Gay, but the Kings will need better players than that to keep Boogie happy. Perhaps this is why we've seen him have so many negative and distracting outbursts during games and in the locker room towards the media.
Since Cousins is a no-brainer selection for this list, I will focus on five other players that can strongly benefit from a new environment. Let's take a look at who they are and where a better situation may be waiting for them.
5. Goran Dragic – Miami Heat
It may be hard for Miami to admit the need for rebuilding, but the writing is all over the wall. Dwyane Wade is a Chicago Bull and Chris Bosh's career appears to be done. This leaves Goran Dragic and Hassan Whiteside as the only two high-level players on the team. Those two are not enough to lead a team of promising young players to legit contention in the Eastern Conference.
As a matter of fact, the current Miami formula has resulted in a 10-25 record so far. This has them barely ahead of the Philadelphia 76ers and Brooklyn Nets for last place in their conference. It's a frustrating situation and, for the 30-year-old Dragic, is a good reason for a change of address.
Goran is averaging 18.8 points and 6.7 assists per game this season. His type of production shouldn't be wasted in Miami. The same can be said for Whiteside, but he's a little bit younger and a slightly better fit for the Heat to build around. They could trade him as well, but let's keep our focus on Dragic.
His ability to score efficiently and distribute the ball is something that contending teams can use. He is also a reliable defender on most nights and that's always a bonus in today's brand of basketball. Dragic can also be the missing piece on a roster with a lot of promise. Sometimes a team with a lot of young and promising players needs a quality veteran to help them evolve. Goran is definitely one of those quality veterans.
One team that Dragic would be a great addition to is the Minnesota Timberwolves. Even though Ricky Rubio can get steals and is a good ball distributor, his scoring efficiency is terrible. Additionally, Kris Dunn and Tyus Jones are still developing and may not be ready for starter's minutes for at least another season.
A player like Dragic could provide a significant upgrade in scoring from the point guard spot. Additionally, Rubio's defense isn't as good as people may think. He may get more steals than Dragic, but his overall defensive rating is actually worse. Goran's rating is 109.4, while Rubio's rating is 111.1.
A Rubio for Dragic trade is a valid one according to ESPN's NBA Trade Machine, but that doesn't mean both teams will agree to it. Regardless of where he ends up, it's clear that Dragic can definitely benefit from a change of scenery. His talents are currently being wasted in South Beach.
4. Brandon Knight – Phoenix Suns
When it comes to Brandon Knight's career so far, I always think of a roller coaster. His first two seasons with the Detroit Pistons were rather underwhelming. As a result, he was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks in a package deal for Brandon Jennings. In Milwaukee, Knight appeared to figure things out and averaged over 17 points per game during his first two seasons there.
However, just when it seemed like he found a team that he would be with for the long haul, he was traded again. This time, it was to the Phoenix Suns and a much warmer climate. Things started slow at first due to a couple of injuries. However, in his first full season with the Suns last year, Knight registered a career-high 19.6 points per game. He finally seemed to find a home, especially with the guard-heavy system that head coach Jeff Hornacek deployed.
Unfortunately for Knight, things are a bit different for the 2016-17 season. Hornacek is now the head coach of the New York Knicks and Earl Watson is Phoenix's head coach. This means that the system that Knight flourished in was going away. As a matter of fact, Watson has moved Knight to the bench as the Suns' sixth man. He prefers to start Eric Bledsoe and Devin Booker in his backcourt, which gives them the bulk of available minutes.
This has resulted in Brandon receiving 23 minutes per game as opposed to his 36 minutes a game under Hornacek's watch. Knight now seems lost on the team and it's affecting his scoring. His current PPG of 12.7 is the lowest it's been since his rookie season in 2011. It's become quite clear that this former Kentucky Wildcat is in need of a new team yet again.
One of the teams that could be a good fit for him are the Sacramento Kings. An even trade can be made where Rudy Gay gets sent to Phoenix in exchange for Knight.
Other teams that can use Knight's services are the Chicago Bulls, Philadelphia 76ers, Orlando Magic and the Dallas Mavericks. All four of those teams would certainly give him 30+ minutes or close to it. Regardless of where he may end up in the future, it seems like any place other than Phoenix is a step in the right direction for Brandon Knight.
3. Nerlens Noel – Philadelphia 76ers
The Philadelphia 76ers have a wealth of young talent at the power forward and center positions. There's Joel Embiid, who appears to be a lock for the Rookie of the Year award for this season. He's averaging 18.9 points, 7.3 rebounds and 2.4 blocks per game. Those numbers are very good and they're even more impressive when you consider the fact that he's averaging 24.8 minutes per contest. He is receiving comparisons to a young Hakeem Olajuwon and looks like the Sixers' franchise center.
Another talented big man on Philadelphia's roster is Jahlil Okafor. He enjoyed a successful rookie year last season by averaging 17.5 points, seven rebounds and 1.2 blocks per game. Even though his defensive effort needs major work, his offensive ability is receiving comparisons to Tim Duncan. It's a stretch to feel that Okafor will mirror the achievements of Duncan, but there's no denying that he has major upside. He can form a dangerous combination with Embiid for many years to come once they get their chemistry figured out.
This leaves us with Nerlens Noel as the third promising big man on the 76ers' roster. Unfortunately, he appears to be the odd man out. After averaging 10.0 points, 8.1 rebounds, 1.7 blocks and 1.8 steals per game over his first two seasons, his production has taken a nosedive for this season.
Since returning from an early season injury, Nerlens has played in seven games and is only receiving an average of 11.6 minutes of court time. As one would expect, this situation isn't sitting well with him and he's been rather vocal about it. Despite what head coach Brett Brown has said about trying to get him involved, it seems like it might not be enough to regain Noel's trust. A change of scenery seems like it's the best move for the former Kentucky standout.
There are quite a few teams that can benefit from Noel's rebounding prowess and defensive versatility. The Boston Celtics, Phoenix Suns, Sacramento Kings and Toronto Raptors are all teams that could benefit from adding Noel. We can debate all day long about the pros and cons of the aforementioned options. However, as far as today is concerned, it's hard to debate that Nerlens Noel wouldn't benefit from being on a new team.
2. Paul George – Indiana Pacers
It seems like ages ago, but Paul George and the Indiana Pacers were in the upper echelon of the Eastern Conference. Back in 2013 and 2014 when LeBron James was on the Miami Heat, George led the Pacers against them and it seemed like the Pacers would be contenders for many years to follow.
Unfortunately, “PG-13” suffered a gruesome injury in the summer of 2014 and he missed most of the 2014-15 season. He made a triumphant return last season and had a career year with averages of 23.1 points, seven rebounds, 4.1 assists and 1.9 steals per game. Indiana also returned to the playoffs, but was eliminated by the Toronto Raptors in the first round.
In order to boost their roster for this season, the Pacers acquired Jeff Teague and Thaddeus Young. This meant that their starting five was comprised of Teague, Monta Ellis, George, Young and a promising young center with major upside in Myles Turner. The expectation was for Indiana to be right up there with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Raptors and Celtics in the upper tier of their conference.
However, Indiana has grossly underachieved this season with a current record of 17-18. As a result, George has been pretty bummed out about showing up to work. He's admitted that perhaps he's still living in the past and that this season hasn't been a fun one for him. Some might call this premature, but it sounds like Paul can benefit from a new environment. Players usually don't admit to such a high level of unhappiness and lack of fun to the media.
Although the Pacers have been pretty adamant about George not being on the trading block, there's no denying the fact that many teams would love to have him. His addition to any team provides a major boost and significantly increases their championship hopes. Perhaps he will find his happiness again before this season is over, but it's not likely if Indiana continues to under-perform. If they continue to disappoint, then the only cure for his melancholy may be a change of scenery and it will be sooner rather than later.
1. Carmelo Anthony – New York Knicks
As a fan of the New York Knicks, it pains me to mention Carmelo Anthony for this list. However, I have to call things how I see it. Before I begin, I will acknowledge that there's less than a one percent chance for Melo to go anywhere. He is one of three players in the league that has a no-trade clause along with LeBron James and Dirk Nowitzki.
Therefore, he controls his own destiny and his goal is to win a championship for his birth state. He is also being paid a max salary playing in one of the biggest markets in the league. There's almost no reason for him to want to leave the Big Apple, but please take note of the keyword “almost.”
Anthony's career is full of achievements and accolades that most players can only dream of. He's a nine-time All-Star, a six-time All-NBA selection and a former scoring champion. Carmelo is also a three-time Olympic gold medalist and widely considered to be one of the most prolific offensive players in league history.
As a result, he is a virtual lock to be in the Hall of Fame when he chooses to retire. However, as is the case with other prolific Hall of Famers such as Charles Barkley, Melo owns zero championship rings. It's actually a shame that he doesn't have one since players like him deserve it. Unfortunately, in order for him to win a ring, he may need to leave New York.
Although the Knicks have a future mega-star in Kristaps Porzingis along with the additions of Derrick Rose and Joakim Noah, it's not enough to win the East right now. New York can continue to build around the core of Melo, Porzingis and Rose, but it will come at a cost down the road.
At age 32, Anthony only has two to three years of elite level basketball left in him. The Knicks may be closer to being a serious contender at that point, but it'll likely be too late for Anthony to win a ring. He's in a “win now” situation and other teams are better equipped to deliver that for him.
Teams in the East such as the Celtics and Raptors give Melo a much better chance of winning now. Additionally, if he somehow ended up in Cleveland with LeBron, then his chances for a ring greatly increase. Even teams in the west like the Los Angeles Clippers provide a better chance for Anthony to win right now before he's past his prime.
Selfishly, I hope that I never see Melo in any uniform other than the Knicks. However, as a fan of the player, I feel that he deserves to have “NBA champion” written on his resume. In order for that to happen, I fear that it requires a change of scenery for him.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Moonlight, review: ‘Barry Jenkins gives us life'
Moonlight. Picture: David Bornfriend Archant
Moonlight shows life at its toughest and its most real, making it a more than worthy Oscar contender
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The central character in Moonlight has three names and three faces and we drop in on him three times: as a boy called Little (Alex Hibbert), a teenager called Chiron (Sanders) and a man called Black (Trevante Rhodes).
You'd expect a film that charts the journey from boy to man to be concerned with the passing of time, but Moonlight plays out in a vacuum, a suspended state, where time and the wider culture have no hold. It always seems to be the present day and, other than a couple of extras, there isn't a white face in the film.
Jenkin's drama is strong on what is right in front of it. The camera is kept fixed on the foreground; the background is often a blur. His approach is to give a lightness to something that would usually be very heavy. Chiron's mother (Naomie Harris) is a meth addict, the local drug dealer (Mahershala Ali) becomes a surrogate father figure, he is bullied at school and struggles with his sexuality.
Most other writer/directors would've presented this tale as a very stern and browfurrowed look at The African American Experience.
Jenkins gives us life – a tough life to be sure, but the film's main thrust is the sense of being alive and the vitality of that, even when the life being lived isn't up to much.
It simply flies through its first two thirds: you won't believe he's an adult already. In the final third Jenkins decides to bring the film to a halt, to bring some consequence and reflection to the years that have flown by. Viewers may also need a few minutes to adjust to this last Chiron: the gawky child has been transformed into musclebound 50 Cent lookalike.
This could be a decent outside bet to sneak the Oscar over La La Land because: It's very good; they can't keep giving it to films about Hollywood; to make amends for the Brokeback snub; giving it to a Big Black Gay film would make for a wagging finger anti-Trump statement about diversity.
But the values in Moonlight are, however inadvertently, generally conservative: drugs are bad, bullies have to be met with force, boys need fathers and races keep to themselves.
Halfmanhalfcritic.weebly.com for a review of Hannah and Her Sisters blu-ray release.
Brett Gardner, who has been in the middle of everything lately, squinted hard. There was one out in the bottom of the ninth inning Sunday afternoon, the Yankees trailed 5-3, and there was still a substantial piece of the crowd left at Yankee Stadium.
The Deegan could wait. Sunday dinner could wait.
Gardner, he could wait. He reached out and served an Alex Colome fastball to left field, and it fell fast in front of Corey Dickerson in left field. This is all it takes in this Yankees summer 2017, a summer of Yankee comebacks both from the abyss of a losing streak and from whatever deficit the Yankees happen to be facing that day.
“I'm thinking we've got a shot,” Yankees manager Joe Girardi said.
Of course he was thinking that, because everyone was thinking that, the 30,000 or so still in the yard, the 10,000 or so who'd taken off and were listening to the radio on the bridge, certainly John and Suzyn themselves.
“Every day is a fun day, isn't it?” John Sterling had said not long ago, the veteran play-by-play man looking young and sounding younger, because that's what a baseball team like this one does for you, makes you forever young, makes it forever summer.
Up stepped Clint Frazier. A few innings earlier, he walked to the plate with the bases loaded and the Yankees down a run, and the buzz was something to behold. Frazier wasn't even in the majors when July began, and now he has become just another must-see stop in the Yankees batting order. Frazier had taken one swing, and it made most of the Little Leaguers squeal until their coaches pointed at the left fielder, Dickerson, camped under the ball.
At the time, it was a second straight inning the Yankees hadn't cashed in a runner on third, less than two outs.
“We had some golden opportunities,” Girardi would say, ruefully.
Now, bottom nine, Colome seemed spooked at the idea of throwing Frazier a strike so he threw four balls instead. And now there was really something to behold inside Yankee Stadium, just before 5 o'clock. Over on the TV side, Michael Kay was undoubtedly preparing to describe this game during the recap, win or lose, as “unmanageable,” and it was, nearing four hours.
But it was also damn good theater.
And here came Aaron Judge.
And look: Judge has been scuffling. He's been struggling since the All-Star Game, since the night he unofficially became the face of the sport by launching one moon shot after another to the farthest reaches of Marlins Park. But from that moment to this one, he'd collected only nine hits in 56 at-bats, and that's .161 in any league.
“We get two on, we feel even better,” Girardi said.
“No matter what,” Girardi said, “he's a guy you want up there.”
And here's the thing: If Colome was scared to throw Frazier a ball in the strike zone, you know he was petrified to throw one to Judge. And yet, after throwing Strike 1 at the knees, he followed that with a fastball that was straight as a string, belt high, middle of the plate. Right there on a tee.
For much of the season, Judge crushes that baseball in a way that few men alive can crush one, he finds an unreachable place 100 feet beyond the outfield fence.
But he is scuffling. He is struggling. He took a mighty hack and the ball soared high in the air, scraping the sky, but it was hit shallow, and it was an easy F-3. A hopeful gasp turned to a baleful sigh. Two outs.
see also Matt Holliday in 'frustrating' funk since viral infections Matt Holliday had an RBI single in the seventh inning...
Matt Holliday now and, look, if the most of this Yankees season has been an endless progression of feel-good, Holliday's has been something else. He was sick for a while. He strikes out more than ever. He was 9-for-64 since coming off the DL. That's .141.
And yet: One of the biggest swings of the season was the one Holliday had put on a Craig Kimbrel fastball in Boston 15 days earlier, tying a game at Fenway Park at 1-1 the Yanks would eventually win in 16. Girardi keeps rolling him out there. Colome threw two quick strikes. Holliday fouled one off, took a ball.
Then hit a hard shot to third. And here's the thing: The way the year has gone, would you have been surprised if it went through Evan Longoria's legs, if it hit a pebble and bounced over his head, if he'd airmailed the throw to first?
He didn't. It was a routine 5-3 putout.
“He hit it hard,” Girardi said.
The crowd filed out quietly. Monday's a new day. Anything can happen. And with this team, in this summer? It probably will.
From Dean Reynolds
WEEDSPORT, NY (January 2, 2017) – As the calendar turns to 2017, the Weedsport Speedway announces the first ever Ultimate Wingless Shootout! A $5,000 to win wingless event for 360 sprint cars from the Lucas Oil Empire Super Sprints (ESS) and the United Racing Club (URC).
The stage will be set on Sunday, June 25th, as the best 360 Sprint racers in the Northeast will go outside the box vying for a chance to be the first Wingless Shootout Champion. Weedsport's Sportsman Shootout Series competitors will join the wingless warriors making for an exciting 1-2 punch.
“We have been talking to Dean Reynolds from ESS for quite some time about trying a wingless event. We both agreed this was the year to try to make it happen, and June 25th was a perfect fit,” noted Weedsport promoter Jimmy Phelps. “All of us are super excited about this event. The northeast has some really good 360 racers, and it will be awesome to see how they adapt, and who will prevail. We still have some work to do and our goal is to find an open date to open the track for some practice, but one thing is for sure, it will be fun to watch.”
“Jimmy and I have been throwing around the idea for a while now. There is plenty of interest from our guys to take the wings off for an event and we think this will be a big hit,” Dean Reynolds, VP of ESS mentioned. “It's fun doing something special once a year, just like our asphalt show that has been very successful. I think Weedsport's size and shape is perfect for a wingless event.”
The event will be open competition with any driver and 360 team invited to attend. Both ESS and URC have agreed to place on their schedules with ESS officials helping in organizing the affair.
Weedsport Speedway has received a complete make over since Al Heinke has taken ownership. Upgrades to the facility include a state of the art LED lighting system and sound system, a huge jumbo tron with real time broadcasting, new concession areas, revamped pit area, all new grandstands and VIP towers, a new grand entrance, as well as a multi-groove racing surface.
The Ultimate Wingless Shootout at Weedsport adds to an already exciting 2017 schedule, which includes Craftsman World of Outlaw Sprint Cars, Super DIRTcar Series big and small block modifieds, Empire Super Sprints, Sportsman Shootout Series, as well as DIRTcar Sportsman Series. Look for further information, including a full schedule release, in the coming weeks.
Everyone from the Weedsport Speedway wishes all a very Happy New Year and for the latest up to date information on the upcoming 2017 season, please log on to www.weedsportspeedway.com or you can follow us on Facebook under Weedsport Speedway and on Twitter @WeedsportSpdwy.
SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) — If you are tired of juggling all your passwords for your websites and apps, we might have some relief for you.
KRON4's Tech Reporter Gabe Slate says password managers can create complex unique passwords for all your logins, but you only have to remember one master password to access them all.
He shows us how they work and the convenience and safety they can bring to your digital life.
WEB LINKS:
Dashlane: https://www.dashlane.com/
1:02 8-foot python gets a CT scan After being discovered with injuries to its head and body in India, an 8-foot python was brought to a hospital, where doctors were persuaded to give it a CT scan. They were able to properly diagnose the reptile's injuries and treat them, helping the snake begin its journey to recovery.
1:03 Woman chops off man's penis before wedding participating in an arranged wedding, a 26-year-old man in India attempted to have one last rendezvous with his former lover. Unfortunately, she didn't react well to the upcoming nuptials and attempted to chop off his penis, although doctors were able to reattach the organ.
1:13 Bride's mother suggests they get down and dirty for wedding pics This newlywed Dutch couple went viral after staging racy wedding photos. In one pic, the bride is photographed on her knees in the woods, simulating oral sex. In another, the couple pretend to make whoopee in a pickup truck. The photographer, Michel Klooster , says the raunchy couple wishes to remain anonymous.
2:09 How does a bump stock work? Twelve of the rifles used in the Las Vegas massacre employed “bump stocks.” The legal accessory, which was relatively obscure until the shooting, attaches to the back of a semi-automatic rifle and greatly increases the number of rounds fired per minute, mimicking the frequency of a fully automatic weapon.
2:06 Couple claim to have orgasmed with God, a tree, and a thunderstorm Married couple Scott and Melanie McClure have a divine love life. "I can have an orgasm with a tree," says nature lover Scott. He and his wife had a particularly gratifying experience while on a camping trip. "I start vibrating and I realize my booty is vibrating and jiggling a lot," Melanie revealed to the New York Post. "I realize that I'm orgasming with the Earth." The McClures founded Ecstatic Hearts, a center for the Tantric arts in Texas. They now live in Los Angeles.
0:59 A real-life mummified head has taken London by storm Famed philosopher Jeremy Bentham's mummified head is being displayed at University College London, finally rejoining his preserved body. Bentham had wanted his body preserved so that it could be displayed and wheeled out at parties, but a problem with the mummification process resulted in the head looking somewhat ... unpleasant.
0:47 Baby cries whenever Celine Dion's 'My Heart Will Go On' plays Even though she's just a toddler, Vivien Mack has some very strong opinions when it comes to music. Whenever Celine Dion's hit "My Heart Will Go On" comes on, Vivien bursts into tears.
1:06 'Quickest man on Earth' trains the NBA and NFL Luis Badillo Jr. has some of the fastest feet on the internet. The Miami-based trainer sports nearly 350,000 followers on Instagram, thanks to his speedy stunts. Badillo's impressive list of more than 200 clients includes Isaiah Pead of the Miami Dolphins and 7-foot-tall NBA giant Timofey Mozgov.
0:54 This is officially the world's longest dog tongue With a tongue measuring 7.31 inches, Mochi the dog holds the Guinness World Record for longest dog tongue. This blows away the previous record of 4.5 inches.
1:30
Dale Earnhardt Jr shares some of his favorite memories as his NASCAR racing career draws to an end
On May 8, two men parked their car near the change machine of a car wash at a Dania Beach Mobil gas station. While one man acted as a lookout, the second used a drill to make a hole in the machine. They then stole 3,396 ($849) in quarters.
Hackers have zeroed in on the growing number of third-party sellers on Amazon Marketplace, reportedly using stolen logins to swipe thousands of dollars from some merchants.
In recent weeks, hackers have ramped up their attacks by taking over dormant accounts and changing the bank account information. They'll then post nonexistent merchandise at bargain prices, make the sell and collect the cash, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.
Buyers can get a refund, but the scam hits sellers hard, since they're on the hook for reimbursing customers who never received their merchandise.
A sign hangs above at the Amazon.com Inc. fulfillment center in Hemel Hempstead, U.K., on Nov. 25, 2015. Chris Ratcliffe / Bloomberg via Getty Images, file
Related: Amazon Refunding up to $70 Million for Kids' In-App Purchases
Margina Dennis, a professional makeup artist working in New York City, told NBC News she still has more than one hundred emails to answer from angry customers who are wondering why they never received a Nintendo Switch hackers posted from her account. That's in addition to the tens of thousands of dollars in debt she is now contesting after her account was compromised.
"This has been mentally, emotionally, so trying and the level of frustration trying to deal with them," Dennis said. "Basically their response is, 'We received a notice and we'll get back to you when we get back to you. We can't tell you when or if.'"
The issue came to Dennis' attention when she said she received hundreds of emails from buyers complaining they never received the Nintendo Switch the ordered from her account.
Amazon sent Dennis a note on March 29th saying she may have been hacked, however she said she had to wait days for her account to be taken down since the hacker changed the password and she was unable to log in.
"I know people who have been dealing with this longer than I have and it is all falling on deaf ears," Dennis said.
She added, she would never shop or sell on Amazon again, "if it's the last thing on Earth."
The company is working to make sure sellers like Dennis don't have to handle the financial burden of the hacks, a person familiar with the matter told NBC News.
Amazon spokesman Erik Fairleigh told NBC News in a statement that the company, "is constantly innovating on behalf of customers and sellers to ensure their information is secure and that they can buy and sell with confidence on Amazon.com."
"There have always been bad actors in the world; however, as fraudsters get smarter so do we," he said.
Amazon's statement also suggested people monitor their accounts on a regular basis and turn on two-factor authentication, sending a code to their phone and adding an extra layer of security.
The hacks appeared to stem from stolen credentials from other places that were then sold on the dark web.
Hackers then likely used a method called "credential stuffing," trying out stolen or leaked usernames and passwords on other different popular websites to try to login there too, Jeremiah Grossman, chief of security at SentinelOne told NBC News.
"This particular attack is almost two decades old. You shouldn't allow a merchant account to sit dormant for long," Grossman told NBC News.
Amazon's Marketplace has two million sellers -- and an estimated one hundred thousand pulling in six figures, making it a "juicy target and complex to manage from a security point of view," said Matthew Gardiner, a cybersecurity strategist at email security company, Mimecast.
"Whomever bears ultimate responsibility for the Amazon attacks, what seems clear is that the security controls in place are not sufficient for the risk," he said.
Welcome to our weekly education news roundup. This week we thought we'd devote some time to President Trump's State of the Union speech, which had very little education news to round up.
In fact, that word appeared only twice in the speech, both times in passing reference while he was talking about other topics.
What the president did have to say came about halfway through the speech, in this one line:
"Let us open great vocational schools so our future workers can learn a craft and realize their full potential."
There's not much to go on there in terms of how to do that or where the money would come from.
Nor did Education Secretary Betsy DeVos expand on that much in a follow-up press release: "America must do better to prepare our students for success in the 21st century economy," it said. "I join the President in calling on Congress to act in the best interest of students and expand access to more education pathways."
In the Democratic response to the address, Massachusetts Congressman Joe Kennedy also had very little to say about education, though he did deliver his rebuttal from a career tech high school in his home state. Kennedy mentioned the importance of "a good education that you can afford," though he, too, didn't really expand on that.
Kennedy also noted the issue of bullying of transgender students in schools, and vowed that Democrats would fight for their rights. (As NPR Ed's Anya Kamenetz noted, DeVos has rolled back Obama-era guidance to schools on safeguarding transgender rights.)
On Thursday, Trump returned to the subject of vocational education and elaborated on his earlier comments while speaking to Republicans at their annual policy retreat:
"When I was growing up we had vocational schools. And when I was going to school, I remember I was in high school, there were people in class, one person in particular, he wasn't, like, the greatest student. He just wasn't. And yet I saw him one day, and he was able to fix a car engine blindfolded. And everybody else was saying, 'That's amazing, how talented he is.' He had a different kind of talent. And we should have vocational schools. You learn mechanical, you learn bricklaying and carpentry and of of these things. We don't have that very much anymore. And I think the word 'vocational' is a much better word than in many cases a community college."
Well, the nation's largest not-for-profit dedicated to furthering what Trump referred to as vocational education, the Association for Career & Technical Education (ACTE), was not impressed with the President's remarks and issued a spirited rebuttal, including a line-by-line fact-check.
ACTE's critique began with the word itself, arguing that "vocational" is not better but "outdated." The preferred term, "career and technical education," encompasses "not just technical skills, but also rigorous academic curriculum and 21st century employability skills in a much broader range of career fields." That's why, ACTE points out, the term is now used in federal and state laws as well as by the U.S. Department of Education.
When it comes to the issue of preparing students for the workforce, there is some movement in Congress. Earlier this month, Senate committees held hearings on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. The legislation, now known as the PROSPER Act, includes a measure that would expand apprenticeships in colleges and universities.
At NPR Ed, we've written extensively on vocational education, or career technical education (CTE). Across the country, these programs are evolving. Students clearly benefit from learning "soft skills" that are important in the working world, and employers expect qualities like professionalism from their workers. But recent studies have shown that some programs providing job-specific career training don't always pay off down the road as technology evolves.
Experts say that before career tech programs can be successful, they need attention and funding.
Sexual assault: Services for disabled students come up short
The National Council on Disability released a report on Tuesday about sexual assault on college campuses. Among the findings? Students with disabilities are simply "not on the radar" of colleges when it comes to efforts at reducing sexual assault. Prevention programs and resources meant to aid victims often remain inaccessible to students with disabilities. These findings follow a 2015 report from the Association of American Universities, which concluded that almost one-third of female undergraduates with a disability reported "nonconsensual sexual contact involving physical force or incapacitation."
White supremacists increasingly targeting college campuses
Activity among white supremacist groups on college campuses has risen dramatically this school year, according to the Anti-Defamation League. The ADL cited hundreds of instances of these groups engaging in activities such as hanging flyers and posters on campus, interrupting classes and holding events and protests.
Racial disparities at flagship universities
Many public universities are enrolling low rates of black and Latino students, according to an analysis from the Hechinger Report, a nonprofit news organization. In Mississippi, black students make up 50 percent of public high school graduates, but only 10 percent of flagship university enrollment. In California, Hispanic students make up 50 percent of public high school graduates, but less than 15 percent of enrollment at those universities.
Felon blares horn at cops despite arsenal of weapons, drugs in car This convicted felon in Florida learned it's probably best not to honk at cops — especially when there are drugs, multiple weapons and loads of cash in your car. Rance Shannon,...
Man charged with threatening daughter, boyfriend with AR-15 NEWFIELD, Maine — Police say a man in Maine threatened his daughter and her boyfriend with an AR-15 assault-style weapon during a dispute. They say a caller told them her...
Restaurant manager allegedly pulled out AR-15 in road rage incident A restaurant manager in Florida pointed two guns, including an AR-15, at a young father during an apparent act of road rage, authorities said. Britt Meyer, 56, is facing charges...
REI drops key supplier of outdoor gear because it also makes guns REI, the specialty retailer that sells backpacks, kayaks and other outdoorsy merchandise, threw itself into the center of the gun debate on Friday. The company, which does not sell guns,...
Walmart follows in Dick's footsteps, raises gun-buying age to 21 Walmart, the world's largest retailer, has decided to follow in Dick's footsteps and adjust its firearms policy in the wake of the Florida school shooting. The company will be removing...
Churchgoers praise God with guns in hand Worshippers clutching AR-15 rifles participated in a commitment ceremony at the World Peace and Unification Sanctuary in Newfoundland, Pennsylvania. The church's leader, the Rev. Sean Moon, said in a prayer...
Florida lawmakers reject assault weapons ban, approve bill allowing teachers to carry guns Florida lawmakers shot down an amendment on Monday that would have banned semi-automatic “assault” weapons like the AR-15 used in the Parkland school massacre. They did, however, agree to raise...
I'm a military man and I think we should ban assault weapons Guns and I go back a long way. My father was a champion skeet shooter. A picture of him aiming his favorite pump skyward has pride of place in our...
Youth baseball team raffling off AR-15 rifle after Florida shooting A Missouri youth baseball team is moving ahead with a raffle of an AR-15 rifle despite criticism it received after a similar gun was used to kill 17 people in...
PARIS — Henri Michel, who played for France at the World Cup and later coached the team to the semifinals at the 1986 tournament, has died. He was 70.
France's Professional Footballers Association wrote on Twitter that Michel died Tuesday morning.
Michel was an accomplished midfielder who played almost his entire career at Nantes and helped the club win three French league titles. He played 58 times for France, including two games at the 1978 World Cup in Argentina.
In 1986, Michel coached the France team to the semifinals in Mexico. The team included his former teammates Michel Platini, Patrick Battiston and Dominique Rocheteau. France lost to West Germany, and then beat Belgium in the third-place game.
To the Editor:
With all the natural disasters and political intrigue going on, it seems Steven Mnuchin, our secretary of the Treasury is trying to sneak a little 31% increase in our federal income tax. This (is) coming from a fellow who amassed a $300-million fortune, while mostly paying a (long-term capital gains) 20% tax rate. Our Treasury guru insists that high-income folks and large corporations should pay less in taxes because their spending generates greater economic growth than government spending.
OK, Steve, I'm listening to your argument.
Here goes:
Mnuchen wants to eliminate the deduction for state and local income tax.
Average Redding family income: $152,000
Guestimate of family deduction: $52,000
Taxable income: $100,000
Federal income tax: $16,536
CT state tax on $152,000: $8,000
Average Redding property tax $12,000
Total state and local tax $20,000
In the Mnuchin plan, there is no deduction for state and property taxes
Average Redding family income: $152,000
Guestimate of family deduction $32,000 (no $20K deduction for state and property tax)
Revised taxable income: $120,000
New federal income tax: $21,793
That's a 31% tax increase.
Apparently, only big corporations' and really rich dudes' tax savings stimulate growth, not ours.
They pay less and the government gets an extra $5,257 from us. Sorry, local stores, restaurants, trades folks and charities, your loss is the super affluents' gain.
Now, if we were all in the same tax increase boat to fund the reconstruction of Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico, I would keep my mouth shut.
Fat cats win, we donkeys and elephants loose.
Pretty sneaky, eh?
C Greene
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight Pause
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
DENVER (AP) Connor Cook is an untested rookie. Brock Osweiler may have a feeling he's been here before.
The Raiders and Texans square off Saturday in a playoff game that might be called The Quarterback Bowl. As in, both these teams are on uncharted roads with their QBs, and neither heads into the week of practice knowing exactly who is going to be taking snaps.
Cook entered for Oakland in Sunday's 24-6 loss against Denver after second-stringer Matt McGloin left with a shoulder injury. If McGloin, who was starting for the already injured Derek Carr, can't go next week, Cook would become the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to make his first NFL start in a playoff game.
Osweiler could make his first playoff start, a development that seemed improbable a short year ago when he led the Broncos to the brink of the playoffs. So much has changed. On a roll after taking over for an injured Peyton Manning, he got benched for Manning in Denver's season finale last year, never to return. Osweiler signed with Houston in the offseason, but got benched there, too. And just when the Texans appeared settled on Tom Savage, Savage left Sunday's game with a concussion and Osweiler took over.
Who goes when the playoffs start?
”We'll talk about that tomorrow and the next day,” coach Bill O'Brien said after Sunday's 24-17 loss to the Titans.
By those standards, the Dolphins seem stable, even though Matt Moore is also set to make his first playoff start when Miami travels to Pittsburgh for Sunday's game. Moore took over for the injured Ryan Tannehill in Week 14. He is 2-1 as a starter this year, including Sunday's 35-14 loss to New England.
So, while it looks like this season's playoffs will go down as some of the strangest ever in the quarterbacking department, it's hardly the first time. A look at some unusual situations from years past:
KAEPERNICK REPLACES SMITH: Let's start with a success story. In 2012, 49ers quarterback Alex Smith went down in midseason with a concussion, to be replaced by a not-yet-famous second-year quarterback named Colin Kaepernick. The league hadn't seen a quarterback quite like Kaepernick to that point and it showed. He led the Niners to a 5-2 record down the stretch and into the playoffs on a roll. He ran for 181 yards in his playoff debut and took San Francisco all the way to the Super Bowl, where he joined Joe Montana as the only quarterbacks to pass for 300 yards and rush for 50 in the title game. The Niners lost to Baltimore, and nothing has been the same since. Kaepernick has struggled ever since and Smith is now a (healthy) member of the Kansas City Chiefs, who won the AFC West this year.
LINDLEY FOR STANTON FOR PALMER: Ryan Lindley spent a good portion of the 2014 season on San Diego's practice squad. The Cardinals, who had originally drafted Lindley in 2012, picked him back up after their top two quarterbacks, Carson Palmer and Drew Stanton, each went down. That left Lindley at the controls for a playoff game against Carolina. It didn't go well. Lindley threw two interceptions in a 27-16 loss. The Panthers allowed 78 yards, the fewest given up in a playoff game. Arizona coach Bruce Arians on his QB's play: ”I thought he did great up until the first interception.”
SPEAKING OF PALMER: Though Jon Kitna doesn't get credit for a start in the 2005 playoffs, he played virtually the entire game for Cincinnati. Steelers nose tackle Kimo von Oelhoffen rolled into Palmer's knee on his first pass of the playoffs and knocked him from the game. Kitna took over and threw for 197 yards and two interceptions and the Bengals lost 31-17.
AND SPEAKING OF HOUSTON: T.J. Yates became the Texans starter in 2011 after both Matt Schaub and Matt Leinart went down. Yates actually led Houston to its first playoff victory, then its first playoff loss the next week. Maybe most significant about that season and those changes is that the Texans haven't had stability at the quarterback position since. Osweiler was supposed to bring that (at a cost of $72 million over for years), but his benching in Week 15 of this year scuttled that plan.
PEYTON MANNING, A BACKUP: Which brings us full circle. On Jan. 3, 2016, Peyton Manning suited up as a backup quarterback for the first time in his NFL career. That lasted barely more than a half. The Broncos were trailing San Diego 13-7, and though Osweiler wasn't particularly the problem, coach Gary Kubiak went with his gut and inserted Manning . The Broncos rallied for a win, got home-field advantage in the playoffs and Manning was no longer the backup. He led the Broncos to the title, and Osweiler moved on to Houston.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
The NYPD was put on alert Monday amid a multistate manhunt for the gunman accused of fatally shooting a Cleveland grandfather and then posting footage of the slaying on Facebook.
“Steven Stephens … is the suspect in a broadcasted murder that occurred in Cleveland, Ohio on April 16, 2017,” reads a flier distributed to NYPD officers. “Stephens is known to be armed and dangerous.
“He is believed to responsible for at least one murder, but claimed responsibility for multiple more that are unconfirmed.”
Residents in five states, including New York, have been told to look out for Stephens.
From the section
Image copyright Google Image caption Richard Spottiswood denied murdering Darren Bonner when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court
A man has denied murdering a 24-year-old man who died after being found seriously injured in a field.
Darren Bonner, from Sunderland, died in hospital 17 days after being found in a field at Cresswell in July.
Richard Spottiswood, 33, of Canterbury Way in Jarrow, denied murder when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court.
Lucy Burn, 29, of Burns Close in South Shields, entered no plea to a murder charge. Both were remanded into custody for another hearing on 14 November.
Mr Bonner, of Palmstead Road in Pennywell, was found in the field near Morpeth on 10 July.
Northumbria Police said he had died on 27 July.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - One of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation, St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced that her office has reached a deal to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering. A day earlier, Greitens announced that he would step down from office effective Friday, citing "legal harassment."
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
"Contrary to Mr. Grietens' past statements, there was no witch hunt, no plans to bring pain to him or his family. Quite the contrary, the consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered he brought upon himself by his actions, his statements, his decisions, his ambition and his pursuit for power," Gardner said. "Many of Mr. Greitens' former colleagues and friends cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do."
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before he was elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by her office with Greitens' attorneys.
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL officer, suggested less than two weeks ago that he would never quit fighting the allegations, even as the Legislature considered impeachment. Then he announced that he would quit.
"The time has come, though, to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most," said Greitens, his voice cracking while his team members struggled to hold back tears. "So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high."
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Greitens' resignation also allows him to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on his potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairman of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
On May 17, Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that he wouldn't give up.
"No matter what they throw at me, no matter how painful they try to make it, no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day, and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri," Greitens said then.
On Tuesday, Greitens remained defiant even while resigning.
"I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," he said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
Greitens, a married father of two young sons, is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, he founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
He campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as he pushed his agenda, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
His support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound her hands, blindfolded her and took a compromising photo while threatening that he would distribute it if she ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether he took the photo.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo. That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee.
In April, the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained, slapped, shoved and belittled her during a series of sexual encounters that at times left her crying and afraid. Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a "political witch hunt." He vowed to stay in office.
But Greitens' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley - who is running for McCaskill's seat - referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list.
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb .
___
Sign up for "Politics in Focus," a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections: https://bit.ly/2ICEr3D .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — Gary Sanchez told The Post before Thursday night's game that he was inching closer to regaining his rocket swing of 2016. He could feel the progress.
Sanchez then went out and delivered 874 feet of Last Year, blistering two home runs into the second level in left field of Rogers Centre.
Joe Girardi decided to put his two young sluggers back-to-back, with Sanchez batting second and Aaron Judge hitting third, and that helped propel the Yankees to a 12-2 thumping of the Blue Jays.
If you live for bat speed, Sanchez's first blast off Marco Estrada, a solo shot in the second, left at 113.2 mph and traveled a projected 440 feet. The second, a two-run blast in the fourth, was jettisoned at 112 mph and journeyed 434 feet.
This was the night the Yankees have been waiting for with Sanchez flashing that compact, explosive swing that made him such a force last season.
Sanchez, 24, is All Rocket. Judge, 25, is All Rise.
“Those are two big home runs,'' Girardi said of Sanchez's fifth and sixth homers of the season. “They're just line drives, they go a long ways. I don't think he is over-swinging. To be able to stay on a couple of changeups like that, after he had been in front in the first at-bat. The young man has the ability to make adjustments. He made it and put two good swings on it.''
It has been a difficult year for Sanchez, with his right biceps injury causing him to miss 21 games. Sanchez essentially has had to have a second spring training to get his timing back.
Until Thursday night, Sanchez had yet to find his swing, the swing that was unstoppable when he came up to the majors last season.
“I feel good,'' Sanchez told The Post through a translator before the game, “but honestly I am not at the point where I want to be. I'm trying to get back to where I was last year. But the good thing is that I am noticing improvement every day, it's a work in progress. Things are getting better and better.''
Three hours later, there was lightning back in his bat.
Afterward, Sanchez said, “I've been working hard with the hitting coaches. The way you time a pitch with your leg, that's improving.''
It sure is.
Noted winning pitcher CC Sabathia of Sanchez: “He's a great hitter. If we get him hot, this lineup is going to be tough to deal with.''
Judge has 17 homers and drove in the first run of the night with a single in the first inning. Sanchez knows what a special player the Yankees have in this giant of a man. Remember, Sanchez spent all that time in the minors with Judge.
“He hits a ball and everybody is excited in the dugout, and I want him to keep doing that, keep it going, hit a hundred home runs,'' Sanchez said with a smile.
Through it all, Sanchez has quietly kept plugging away.
“I think the key is to just keep working hard,'' Sanchez said. “You never want to use an injury as an excuse because if you keep working hard you get to where you want to be.''
The Yankees got a huge night, too, from Aaron Hicks, who drove in a career-high six runs.
The AL East is a hitting division. The Yankees need Sanchez to come around. Because of Judge's success, though, he doesn't have to be the monster he was last season.
Sanchez is batting .270, but has only 100 at-bats. He has an .830 OPS. Last season, he was off the charts at 1.032.
“I knew he was going to have a good day from the first at-bat when he hit a line drive to center,'' leadoff hitter Brett Gardner said of Sanchez, who has hit 12 of his past 13 home runs on the road. “I've seen his cage work and the BP and how his swing looks. He was about to take off.”
Thursday night was liftoff for Rocket Man Gary Sanchez.
Bungling council workers have been blasted by residents after they only resurfaced the MIDDLE of their road in a bid to save cash.
Homeowners were even forced to move their cars to allow the work to be completed but were left baffled when only half their street was repaired.
Leicester City Council carried out the work on Stretton Road
Leicester City Council carried out the work on Stretton Road in the West End area of the city on Thursday morning (10/8).
The authority has defended the decision to only resurface the centre of the street, saying the sides did not need doing as cars often park there.
But locals have slammed the "shoddy" work and accused the council of only doing "half a job" which has left their street looking "ridiculous".
Mum-of-two Jenny Campbell, 30, who has lived on the road for three years,, said:
Locals have slammed the "shoddy" work
"I couldn't believe what I was seeing when I got home from work and the street was half resurfaced.
"I thought it must have been a mistake and that they would come back and finish the rest of it.
"But to learn that they actually meant to do it this way is just baffling. Its completely shoddy work.
"This is a conservation area which means they have to preserve the look of the street - but now they've left it looking ridiculous."
Another resident, Jean Jacques Cuvelier, 59, said: "I'm appalled by what they've done.
"It's a conservation area here and yet this is the way they've done the resurfacing work.
"Everyone living along here is disgusted.
"All the cars were removed from the street, so there's no excuse for them leaving it with just a lane down the middle of it resurfaced and the rest left as it is.
"I'm sure it's just some scheme to save some money - it's probably only cost them half the price.
"Maybe we should only be paying half our council tax? "I've never seen a road resurfaced like this before."
Another local, who did not want to be named, said: "What are they going to next - start cutting half the grass and collecting half the bins?
"Somebody at the council needs their heads examining,"
A Leicester City Council spokesperson said: "We have a duty to maintain the highway, but it's also important we use our road repairs budget where it's most needed.
"The sides of this road are normally taken up by parked cars and are in better condition than the middle, which was in need of resurfacing as potholes were forming.
"The new surface will oxidise over the coming months and become pale grey over time.
"We will also include this road in a surface dressing programme in future years, which will treat and seal the whole surface."
Tennis corruption report set for publication - why is it needed & what could be changed?
Avoid Government By Commission
The recent rejection by the House of Representatives of the Bill seeking to establish a South East Development Commission is a vindication of what this column wrote on Thursday 2nd June, 2016. Under the title: DO NOT CREATE THE PROPOSED NEDC. That column opposed the so-called Northeast Development Commission or any other development commission at all except that of Niger Delta which is justifiable. It is hereby reproduced because of its relevance and timeliness:
The National Assembly, particularly the House of Representatives has been very persistent in a call for the establishment of a North East Development Commission (NEDC). A Bill has already started going through the legislative mills for the creation of the NEDC. There is no doubt about the fact that many places and people have been devastated by the Boko Haram insurgency. It is equally true that there is need for a quick government intervention to bring succour to the areas and people affected. But, I do not think the establishment of the proposed commission is the right approach.
The Tafawa Balewa administration in the first republic established what was called the Niger Delta Development Board (NDDB) to address the peculiar problems of the oil producing areas of the country. The 1966 military coups and the subsequent civil war ensured the death of the NDDB. The Babangida administration established what was called the Oil Mineral Producing Areas Development Commission (OMPADEC) which encompasses all the oil producing states of Niger Delta and beyond. OMPADEC was more dynamic in that it envisaged some other areas apart from the Niger Delta may one day be oil producing.
When Obasanjo took over in 1999 OMPADEC was changed to the current Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) but the states covered by the NDDC which are nine, clearly go beyond the geographical Niger Delta region. The NDDC Act, in other words, changed the definition of the Niger Delta region by adding many areas not traditionally Niger Delta. The constitution does not recognize the Niger Delta, only geography does, but the Act defined and expanded that geographical area known as Niger Delta.
Similarly, the current 1999 constitution does not recognize any area called the North East. It is only the PDP constitution that recognises the geopolitical zones. And, the Boko Haram insurgency has affected such states like Kano, Kaduna, Plateau and even Abuja the FCT while it has never affected a state like Taraba that is currently counted in the so-called north east. Thus, the NEDC Bill is not all encompassing but sectional. So, if the Bill is to help areas affected by the insurgency then it has not captured those areas adequately, even though the states most affected are Adamawa, Borno and Yobe because they were under a state of emergency until Buhari came to power.
As it is, this Bill is by implication, trying to give legitimacy to the unconstitutional and illegitimate so-called geopolitical zones which are clearly unfair, inequitable and therefore unacceptable. And, it will set precedence, a dangerous precedence since every area will now have pretext to ask for a “development commission” which will unnecessarily increase bureaucracy and render the line ministries irrelevant. In any case, if the NDDC example is anything to go by, then we should not expect any meaningful development from these “development commissions”.
What the areas affected by the insurgency require at this time is a special intervention program which will see resources coming from domestic and international donor agencies, the development partners and the governments for a comprehensive socio-economic recovery of these areas. The National Poverty Eradication Programme (NAPEP) of Obasanjo was not created by an act of parliament. It was an ad hoc program for a specific task within a specific period. This is a good model.
The Presidential Initiative on the North East (PINE) started by the Jonathan regime was also a good step but for the fact that it was put in the Office of the National Security Adviser (NSA) and that it was for a “north east” . Putting it in the NSA's office was a mistake because it made it like a “security” matter instead of a socio-economic recovery program it really ought to be. That initiative did not require any law and that is exactly how it should be, because anything created by law will be difficult to unwind and the intervention in those areas ought not to be a permanent thing.
Already, the indigenes of Abuja were recently in the news requesting for a special “development commission” for them. Nothing stops Lagos or Port Harcourt or Kaduna to request for same. In any case, if environmental degradation and youth unemployment were the criteria used to establish the Niger Delta Development Commission as well as the current attempt to establish the NEDC, why can't the states in the southeast also have one since they are devastated by erosion and unemployment too? We may end up having so many commissions so that it will just be a government of commissions, which will be ridiculous.
What the government needs now is to strengthen the existing institutions to make them more effective and not to create any new ones. Already the bureaucracy is over bloated with so many having overlapping functions. The United States, a superpower with global outreach, has less than twenty ministries of cabinet ranks. It is simply funny that the federal government has over eight hundred MDAs, mostly dysfunctional and the National Assembly see nothing in creating another one like the NEDC which is clearly unnecessary at this time or even in the future.
The post Avoid Government By Commission appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption An inquiry was initially ordered into Dundee's Carseview Centre
NHS Tayside said plans for an independent inquiry into its mental health services are "progressing well".
A probe had been ordered into Dundee's Carseview Centre but was expanded following a campaign by families of people who took their own lives.
NHS Tayside said families, the public and external stakeholders will "shape and agree" the scope of the inquiry.
It is expected to review safety, care standards and access to mental health services.
NHS bosses ordered the Carseview review after David Ramsay, 50, took his own life in 2016 just days after twice being sent home from the unit.
Mr Ramsay's family has been campaigning for a full public inquiry into mental health provision in NHS Tayside.
Image caption Campaigning families of people who took their own lives were attended a recent Holyrood debate on the issue
NHS Tayside said three potential chairpersons have been identified to lead the inquiry.
The proposed chairperson will then meet the families before a final decision is made on the appointment.
The health board said the person leading the inquiry will be supported by "high-level professional advice from a leading psychiatrist from outwith Tayside."
The Health and Social Care Alliance Scotland, known as the Alliance, will lead the involvement of patients, families, the public, the third sector and mental health charities to the inquiry.
NHS Tayside chairman John Brown said an interim report on the inquiry should be provided to the board by the end of September.
He said: "We have been working hard to ensure that this inquiry is set up in the right way from the beginning.
"I am pleased to report that all those we approached to play a role in this critical review have been supportive from the outset and the inclusion of the Alliance demonstrates our commitment to it being truly independent and giving a voice to the concerns of families and the public."
A day after sources said that President Trump planned to decertify the Iranian nuke deal, it was reported that the theocratic regime was open to talks about its ballistic-missile arsenal.
The Iranians informed leaders of six world powers on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly last month that it wanted to reduce tensions over the program, Iranian and Western officials told Reuters.
Tehran repeatedly has vowed to continue building up what it calls defensive missile capability in defiance of Western criticism, with Washington saying the Islamic Republic's stance violates its 2015 nuclear deal with the powers.
But the sources said that given Trump's threats to ditch the deal reached under President Barack Obama, Tehran had approached the powers about possible talks on its missile program.
“During their meeting on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly last month, Iran told [world powers] that it could discuss the missile program to remove concerns,” an Iranian source told Reuters.
Iran's reported approach came after Trump called the nuclear accord “an embarrassment” and “the worst deal ever negotiated.”
He is expected to announce next week that he will decertify the deal. Such a step could unravel the breakthrough agreement also signed by Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China, all of whom have reaffirmed commitment to the deal.
An off-duty female NYPD officer assigned to the 9th Precinct was killed in a fiery car crash in Pelham Bay Wednesday that left another officer in serious condition, police sources said.
Authorities say 27-year-old rookie Officer Bianca Bennett, of Queens, was a passenger in a red Dodge Durango around 11:45 p.m. when the driver lost control and ran off the road at City Island Road and Park Drive.
The car flipped and burst into flames and another two off-duty cops who were happening by rushed to help, not knowing two colleagues were inside.
Bennett, a recent graduate of the police academy who was assigned to the East Village precinct on April 20, 2016, was badly burned and pronounced dead at the scene.
“I saw the car flip over, and then I see the fire in the front of the car,” witness Pamella Duncan told Channel 7. “And everybody was getting out of the car to find out if somebody was right there, inside of the car. Next thing, somebody's in the car, but nobody could get to it because the fire start.”
Sources say the driver, a 32-year-old off-duty NYPD sergeant assigned to PSA 4, was rushed to Jacobi Hospital in serious but stable condition with leg trauma and burns.
He was pulled from the wreckage by other off-duty NYPD officers who were driving home from the Rodman's Neck shooting range in the Bronx, where they are assigned.
Sources say they spotted the crash and rushed to help, dragging him out of the burning vehicle.
The good Samaritans were treated for smoke inhalation and other minor injuries, also at Jacobi Medical Center.
Leonard Nimoy's son honors his father with Spock documentary The late "Star Treck" star's son is finishing up a documentary about his famous father.
Leonard Nimoy's son honors his father with Spock documentary The late "Star Treck" star's son is finishing up a documentary about his famous father.
Leonard Nimoy's son honors his father with Spock documentary The late "Star Treck" star's son is finishing up a documentary about his famous father.
Leonard Nimoy's son honors his father with Spock documentary The late "Star Treck" star's son is finishing up a documentary about his famous father.
TWO young city basketball stars are shooting for the stars, as they prepare to represent Ireland at the Under-18s European Championships.
Nathan Moore and Eve Nealon, both 17, are hoping to net winners medals, as they line up for the men's and women's teams respectively at the tournaments which take place next month in Kosovo and Italy respectively.
The North Munster Area board have stepped up to the point by helping with some of the costs of their trip, which can run to €4,000 each.
The board made a presentation in Bobby Byrne's Pub, O'Connell Avenue.
Both Nathan and Eve - who play as 'point guards' - are members of the Limerick Lions and Limerick Celtics Basketball clubs respectively.
Nathan from Rosbrien has been playing basketball since the age of eight, and will be part of the Irish panel going toe-to-toe with Malta, Armenia, and Andorra in Kosovo.
“My Dad was a basketball coach, so I naturally needed up playing it too. I enjoy it,” he said.
Eve, of Mungret, arguably has the tougher draw, travelling to Italy to face Russia, Poland and France in their group.
“I'm a little bit confident,” the Crescent College Comprehensive student said ahead of her first ever international tournament.
“I'm really looking forward to the experience. I used to play every sport when I was younger, but i'm focused only on basketball now,” she explained.
Nathan, also a student at Crescent College Comprehensive, said: “It feels amazing to represent Ireland. There's a great feeling to put that jersey on.”
Unlike Eve, he represented Ireland at under-16 level last summer, saying, “It was some experience. The crowd were so great to get behind us.”
Harry Coyne, who chairs the North Munster Area Board, said: “I see you playing with your clubs, and I'm very impressed with you all.
We have a few players coming through our academy, and I feel the future is very bright for basketball in Limerick.”
For more Limerick Leader Sport click here:
Share
Anyone over the age of 20 likely remembers this story: You go to the mall to buy a new game for your favorite game console, only for your parents to pick up the Tiger Electronics handheld version instead. They weren't great games, but they have tons of nostalgic appeal, and the Internet Archive now allows you to play dozens of them for free using the Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator (MAME) software.
“For a number of years, the MAME team has been moving toward emulating a class of hardware and software that, for some, stretches the bounds of what emulation can do, and we have now put up a collection of some of their efforts,” the Internet Archive's Jason Scott said in a blog post.
Dubbed the “Handheld History Collection,” the new games include dedicated handheld versions of Altered Beast, Burger Time, and even Karnov, as well as Tiger Electronic classic MC Hammer — yes, it was a game.
A few of the emulated games are tiny tabletop arcade “cabinets” based on classics like Galaxian and Pac-Man. The cabinets themselves aren't emulated, leaving you with what have to be the worst versions of these games ever created by man or machine. Pac-Man, for instance, doesn't really feature ghosts, and Galaxian is so choppy that it's basically impossible to make any real progress.
You will find instructions on how to play the games available within each file, and you can play them from within your internet browser.
In order to emulate the handheld games, MAME contributor Sean Riggs tore apart each piece of hardware, scanning their components so they could be re-created digitally. The LCD screen itself was even scanned, as it contained many visual elements in the various stand-alone handheld games.
Once you had your fill of the handheld electronic games, head over to the Internet Arcade, the Internet Archive's home for emulated versions of classic arcade games. There are more than 600 arcade titles to choose from, and they have held up much better. As an added bonus, you can stick as many “quarters” into the machine as you like without having to actually spend money!
A murder suspect who police said posted a video of himself on Facebook shooting an elderly man in Cleveland remained on the loose on Tuesday as authorities appealed to the public for help in the case.
Police said they have received “dozens and dozens” of tips and possible sightings of the suspect, Steve Stephens, and tried to persuade him to turn himself in when they spoke with him via his cellphone on Sunday after the shooting.
But Stephens remained at large as the search for him expanded nationwide, police said.
The shooting marked the latest video clip of a violent crime to turn up on Facebook, raising questions about how the world's biggest social media network moderates content.
The company on Monday said it would begin reviewing how it monitors violent footage and other objectionable material in response to the killing.
Police said Stephens used Facebook Inc's service to post video of him killing Robert Godwin Sr., 74.
Stephens is not believed to have known Godwin, a retired foundry worker who media reports said spent Easter Sunday morning with his son and daughter-in-law before he was killed.
Facebook vice president Justin Osofsky said the company was reviewing the procedure that users go through to report videos and other material that violates the social media platform's standards. The shooting video was visible on Facebook for nearly two hours before it was reported, the company said.
Stephens, who has no prior criminal record, is not suspected in any other murders, police said.
The last confirmed sighting of Stephens was at the scene of the homicide. Police said he might be driving a white or cream-colored Ford Fusion, and asked anyone who spots him or his car to call police or a special FBI hotline (800-CALLFBI).
(Laramie, Wyoming) – Wyoming Cowboy Football and Wyoming Athletics are excited to announce several events and activities in conjunction with the Spring Game on Saturday, April 22. Game time is set for 2:00 pm.
Admission to the Spring Game is free and all parking will be free and available to fans, including the Ford Stadium lot. Cowboy fans are encouraged to arrive early and tailgate on Saturday the 22nd, and may do so by parking in the Ford Stadium lot starting at 10:00 am through game time at 2:00 pm. Please note that the open container permit is only for beer, wine and malt beverages, and is only for the Ford Stadium lot.
UW Athletics will be conducting a “select-a-seat” day with prime seating locations available for fans to check out and secure for the highly-anticipated 2017 season. Ticket office representatives will be on hand to show fans available seats as well as provide information and an opportunity to purchase tickets. Season tickets start at $149 for knothole seats ($89 for youth) and $249 for public section seats. With 7 home games including matchups with PAC-12 foe Oregon and the “Border War” with Colorado State, good locations are moving fast. Cowboy Joe Club donations are required for select sections, and a new family-friendly section (where wine and beer will not be allowed) is also available to fans in 2017.
An alumni flag football game is also planned for that day, with several Cowboy Football alums anticipated to be in town. The alumni football game will get underway at 11:30 a.m. on Jonah Field and is expected to last approximately one hour. Alums expected to be in attendance include J.J. Raterink, Mike Purcell, Cory Talich, and Jim “Lefty” Cole with quarterback captains Randy Welniak and Casey Bramlet leading each team. A private reception will follow the game for alums and their families. Additional information and questions regarding the alumni flag football game may be directed to W Club Director Mara Cosgrove at mcosgrov@uwyo.edu
Fans may speak directly with ticket office representatives in the south end zone and (weather permitting) UW Athletics will also be setting up the Pepsi Pre-Game Zone inflatables in the south end zone. Concessions will also be open in the stadium. Throughout the game, Wyoming Hall-of-Famer Kevin McKinney will be roaming the sidelines interviewing participants and all-time Cowboy greats on the videoboard. Cowboy Football student-athletes will also be available to sign autographs and take pictures postgame on Jonah Field.
With two large construction projects moving along quickly, entrances to War Memorial Stadium will be limited to the South (Gates 1 & 3) and East sides (Gate 4). Gates will open at 11:00 am.
Guardiola: My Teams Are Normally At The Top
Pep Guardiola is not used to coaching a team that is not of the table, but he relishes the challenge.
The Citizens dropped from third to fifth on the table after the 1-0 loss to Liverpool, trailing Chelsea by 10 points.
The former Bayern and Barcelona coach is not giving up just yet, as he looks to turn things around.
“Normally I was at the top in Barcelona and Bayern Munich, a lot of times. But, OK, this is a new chapter in my career as manager and I am willing to try [and handle it] with these guys,” Guardiola said ahead of Monday's match with Burnley.
“But the question is will we be able to take it to the gap to Chelsea.
“Now what we have to do is believe in the next game, not put a lot of stress into, ‘if we don't win the Premier League, it's going to be not a good season'.
“No, that situation we're going to analyse what happened at the end of the season. Now we just focus on the next game.”
The post Guardiola: My Teams Are Normally At The Top appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON - The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarized zone along the border between North and South Korea for a potential summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un are going well and it expects the historic meeting to take place on June 12.
"The US delegation led by Ambassador Sung Kim met with North Korean officials today as well and their talks will continue. So far the readouts from these meetings have been positive and we'll continue to move forward in them," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said at a regularly scheduled briefing.
"We're going to continue to shoot for the June 12th and expect to do that," she said, referring to the original date scheduled for the summit.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
David Tepper, who has agreed to buy the Carolina Panthers, arrives at the Whitley Hotel in Atlanta, GA. on Monday, May 21, 2018. Tepper agreed to buy the Carolina Panthers for $2.275 billion, a record price for an NFL franchise.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Matt Harvey's name has surfaced in several Mets trade discussions recently, but team officials fully expect the beleaguered right-hander to remain with the club.
On Monday, the Rangers were among the teams that discussed Harvey with general manager Sandy Alderson, with injury-prone infielder Jurickson Profar's name floated as the potential return. Industry sources said the deal is unlikely because the Mets seek a more significant return for Harvey.
Harvey was tendered a contract by the Mets earlier this month and is expected to make roughly $6 million in 2018, after a second straight disappointing season in which he missed significant time on the disabled list.
Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom are the virtual untouchables in the Mets rotation, but the team is open to dealing from a pool that includes Harvey, Steven Matz, Zack Wheeler, Robert Gsellman, Seth Lugo and Rafael Montero. To this point, the Mets have been underwhelmed by the offers for Harvey.
Profar played only 22 games for the Rangers last season and posted a .172/.294/.207 slash line. The 24-year-old Profar, once considered the best prospect in baseball, has battled various injuries in his four-year career and never played more than 90 games in a season.
But with the Mets in need of a second baseman, team officials are exploring all options. Possibilities include Jason Kipnis, Ian Kinsler and Josh Harrison on the trade market. Neil Walker is the top free-agent option.
Harvey, who underwent surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome in 2016, went 5-7 with a 6.70 ERA in 19 appearances last season.
Supreme Court President Esther Hayut on Wednesday told US Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg that she gives a voice to the voiceless at a ceremony honoring her for receiving the Genesis Prize.
“Law is about justice, and the experience of injustice gives one profound insight as to what justice should look like. Through her decisions, Justice Bader Ginsburg upholds the values without which democracy would be an empty vessel,” said Hayut.
The Israeli chief justice continued, “She betters the lives of those who suffer injustice in society. Through her dissents, she gives voice to those who would otherwise remain voiceless and gives them hope that one day the law will change.”In terms of experience injustice firsthand, Hayut noted that, “Justice Bader Ginsburg has often said that early in her career she had three strikes against her: being Jewish, being a woman, and being a mother.”Hayut went on to say that looking back at Bader Ginsburg's career “we know that none of those strikes should be a hindrance to excellence. But we also know that it takes a great deal of persistence, hard work, belief in oneself in order to successfully meet these challenges.”Regarding antisemitism, she said that, “Justice Bader Ginsburg certainly faced discrimination as a woman, but as a Jewish woman, she also experienced antisemitism and has said that she often felt like an outsider.”Moreover, she recalled that Bader Ginsburg was discriminated against for being a mother, underpaid and felt she had to hide her second pregnancy.Discussing the importance of social justice for Bader Ginsburg, Hayut said that, “Great judges do not simply settle disputes; they have the opportunity to make the world a better and more just place. Indeed, judging is a form of tikkun olam —the Jewish obligation to make the world a better place to live in.”Hayut then quoted Bader Ginsburg as saying that tikkun olam is “the obligation to better the world carefully and steadily, to do one's part to make our communities, nation, and universe more humane, fairer, more just.”Moreover, she drew attention to the problem of polarization and Bader Ginsburg's efforts to overcome it. “With societies all over the world being as polarized as they are today, it is difficult to understand how to relate to people whose views we may find deeply problematic,” said Hayut.“I believe that if we really want to leave the world in a better state than that in which we found it, we should start by bringing people together,” and concluding that Bader Ginsburg had set the standard for that approach.The US justice, likely the most well-known in US pop culture in recent years especially after “RBG” a 2018 hit documentary following her life, was also known for being very close personal friends with the late US justice Antonin Scalia. This was despite the fact that the two represented the polar opposite ideological ends of the US Supreme Court.Ginsburg has been in the court majority in decisions strengthening abortion rights against requirements that abortion providers have admitting privileges at specific local hospitals and striking down gun ownership rights for domestic violence convicts even if the misdemeanor is only the result of recklessness rather than intent. But she is often in the liberal minority.In 2015, Ginsburg got into the news when she “took off the gloves” (she had also made waves in a photograph of her donning black fishnet gloves which she placed around her mouth in a pose reminiscent of Dr. Evil) and “eviscerated” same-sex marriage opponents in court.Ginsburg walloped lawyers fighting same-sex marriage firmly placing the rights of homosexuals as a civil rights and discrimination issue in a much more unapologetic way than anyone from the court had to date.In 1996, she ordered Virginia Military Institute to open its doors to women despite its argument that its unique, adversative and physical training was unsuited for women, marking a career as one of women's rights most prominent advocates. Ginsburg, in her mid-80s, was appointed to the court in 1993.Despite having significant health problems, she refused Democrats pleas to retire in time for former US president Barack Obama to appoint a replacement with similar liberal values before he left office.
A hunter in Easton, Md., was knocked unconscious by a goose that that had been shot out of the sky by a member of his hunting party, WBAL reports.
Robert Meilhammer, 51, was out with three other hunters shortly before 5 p.m. on Thursday when they noticed a flock of Canada geese overhead. The group fired at the flock from a blind, striking one of the geese and sending it plummeting directly into Meilhammer.
“One of the members of the hunting party shot and killed the goose,” Maryland Natural Resources Police spokeswoman Candy Thomson confirmed, according to The Baltimore Sun. “It is unclear which one it was.”
The fowl knocked Meilhammer unconscious, causing injuries to his face and head, and reportedly knocking out two of his teeth. Thompson also told WBAL that when he finally came to, he “didn't know too much besides his name.”
Emergency responders soon transferred Meilhammer to a hospital, where he was then airlifted to the Maryland Shock Trauma center.
“It's a really unusual, freaky accident,” said Thompson, who estimated that the bird who hit Meilhammer was the size of a “small turkey” one might cook at Thanksgiving.
“He's lucky,” she added. “Those birds weigh a lot, and falling back down to earth, they're going to pick up a lot of speed. It's gonna leave a mark.”
Mailhammer's condition was unknown as of Friday morning.
Image copyright PA Image caption Primary care prescriptions account for more than a tenth of the Welsh NHS budget
Not enough is being done to challenge the "over-prescribing" of medicines in Wales, an assembly committee has said.
AMs were concerned at a 46% rise in items prescribed over the last 10 years by primary care providers such as GPs.
The Public Accounts Committee also heard as many as half of hospital admissions could be due to patients taking the wrong drugs or wrong dose.
The Welsh Government said it expected all medics to make sure medicines were "prescribed and dispensed responsibly".
The committee said there was growing demand for prescription drugs, which have been free of charge to all patients in Wales since 2007.
It was concerned at a 46% rise in the number of items dispensed by GPs and other primary care providers over the last 10 years, at a cost of £800m a year - more than a tenth of the Welsh NHS budget.
'Wasted'
Committee chairman Nick Ramsay said: "The issue of medicines management is one which is relevant to everybody, from GPs, medical staff in hospitals and pharmacists to patients.
"We all have a responsibility to ensure that medicines are not wasted or dispensed unnecessarily.
"Everyone on the committee has had experiences of relatives, friends or constituents ending up with medicine cabinets full of medicines and the difficulties of getting items taken off repeat prescriptions.
"What we found during this inquiry was a system needing to change and a system not able to maximise its potential."
Recommendations include a call for health boards to develop campaigns to raise the profile of medicines management, and to make more use of pharmacists to advise patients on their drug needs.
A Welsh Government spokesman said: "We welcome this report and will take time to consider its recommendations.
"We expect all health professionals to make sure medicines are prescribed and dispensed responsibly to ensure patient safety and minimise waste."
An out-of-state driver was killed in a three-vehicle crash Tuesday evening in Iberville Parish.
Louisiana State Police identified the dead driver as Gerardo Hernandez, 32, of Brownsville, TX. Investigators said the two other drivers suffered moderate injuries.
Troopers reported the wreck happened on LA 405 at LA 933 in White Castle around 6 p.m.
Sgt. Jared Sandifer with LSP said the investigation up to this point shows Hernandez was driving a 2007 Chevrolet Silverado northbound on LA 405 when he rear-ended a 2017 Ford F-250 driven by Esther Green, 63, of White Castle.
He added Green had slowed to make a turn off LA 405. He noted it is not yet known why Hernandez slammed into Green.
According to Sandifer, the impact of the crash sent the Ford across the center line into the southbound lanes and into the path of a 2008 Nissan Titan driven by Jacob Tatman, 54, of Prairieville. Sandifer said the Ford then collided head-on with the Nissan.
Officials said Hernandez was pronounced dead at the scene by the Iberville Parish Coroner's Office. They added Green and Tatman were taken to Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center in Baton Rouge for treatment. Their conditions are unknown.
According to investigators, all of the drivers were wearing seat belts at the time of the crash.
Sandifer stated impairment is not suspected as a factor in this wreck. Yet, it is standard procedure for investigators to take blood samples from all drivers involved in a deadly crash on Louisiana highways. Those samples were sent to the Louisiana State Police Crime Lab for analysis.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
FILE - In this Aug. 30, 2015, file photo, camels rest between rides with their owners against the backdrop of the pyramids in Giza, Egypt. Archaeologists in Egypt say they have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo. Egypt's Antiquities Ministry announced the discovery Saturday and said the tomb likely belonged to a high-ranking official known as Hetpet during the 5th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. Courtney Bonnell, File AP Photo
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ordered bail for rapper Meek Mill. He is expected to be released from prison tonight.
Jailed rapper Meek Mill is being released from prison on bail, according to Mill's legal team.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered his release Tuesday after a long battle dating to November when the Philadelphia rapper was sentenced to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating his probation.
“We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail," lawyer Joe Tacopina said in a statement. "As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail."
In the decision, Pennsylvania's highest court cited the credibility of Mill's arresting officer, Reginald Graham, who was since been identified on a list of so-called dirty cops in Philadelphia.
Tuesday's court order answered many of the concerns presented in court by Mill's legal team and by the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office. Last week, assistant DA Liam Riley expressed support for a new trial after learning that Mill's arresting officer and his testimony could not be trusted. Earlier, the Philly DA's office also expressed support for releasing the rapper on jail.
But Brinkley denied both bail and a new hearing last week, instead scheduling an evidentiary hearing in June.
"Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured," Tacopina said.
The state's highest court also noted that Common Pleas Judge Genece Brinkley could recuse herself from presiding over any further legal proceedings, Tacopina said.
Since Mill's jailing, the State Correctional Institution in Chester has become a pilgrimage site for some of the most powerful people in sports, politics and entertainment.
Civil rights advocate Rev. Al Sharpton, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney have all visited Mill there. Actor and comedian Kevin Hart and Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin were just there hours before the court ruling.
This story is breaking. Please check back for updates.
Image caption Guernsey's government will debate how much it gives in overseas aid later this year
Guernsey may reduce its overseas aid contribution despite criticism the British dependency does not give enough to poorer countries.
The Isle of Man, Jersey and Guernsey give significantly less in foreign aid than the UK, despite being wealthier on average.
Guernsey's Overseas Aid and Development Commission said it "regrets" any reduction.
Theresa May committed the UK to spending 0.7% of national income.
Guernsey's government has increased its aid budget by more than £2.5m since 1980, and currently spends 0.13% of national income on aid each year.
If its parliament agrees at a meeting, the budget will be reduced by 1% after inflation before the end of the year.
The island and fellow dependencies have higher levels of GDP per capita than the UK.
Image caption The UK government's aid spending has been under close scrutiny over the past year
Tax campaigner John Christensen said Guernsey and fellow dependencies should match the UK's 0.7% commitment.
Mr Christensen said the "tax havens" accumulated wealth that could fund public services in poorer countries.
"We talk of tax havens depriving developing countries of the tax revenues they need, this commitment would re-balance some of those losses," he said.
New fund
Guernsey's Overseas Aid and Development Commission said its donations helped people in the poorest parts of the world.
President Emilie Yerby said it would be "very difficult" for the aid budget to grow with most areas of government facing budget cuts in 2018.
Future aid reductions would be offset by investment in a new fund with "an environmental and social benefit," she said, which would expand the reach of aid.
Crown Dependencies: What do they give?
The Isle of Man gives £2.4m-per-year in overseas aid, 0.05% of its national income
Jersey gives £10.3m-per-year, representing 0.25% of national income
Guernsey contributes £2.9m-per-year in aid, 0.13% of GDP
The dependencies' are wealthier than the UK in terms of GDP per capita
Prime Minister Theresa May resisted calls to reduce the UK's £13.3bn aid budget, honouring a commitment to spend 0.7% of national income
In 2015, the UK was one of just six countries to meet the UN's 0.7% aid spending target
The Isle of Man's Chief Minister Howard Quayle said his government was making a case to increase how much it gave in aid, despite also facing "financial challenges".
Jersey Overseas Aid executive director Simon Boas said its aid was not a form of compensation for taking tax revenues from poorer countries.
He said: "I think the old cliché of Jersey as a tax-haven is outdated."
Mr Boas added the island's finance sector was a "conduit" for development projects, and government aid helped in excess of 100,000 people each year, more than Jersey's entire population.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Yankees make trade with Nationals for bullpen depth David Hale threw two scoreless innings Monday night in his Yankees debut and then was replaced on the roster by right-hander A.J. Cole. Cole was designated for assignment by the...
This is the best sign yet for Clint Frazier and Brandon Drury Nobody can accurately predict when Brandon Drury and Clint Frazier will be able to leave the disabled list and participate in big-league games, but Frazier took a big step Monday...
Yankees pound Twins to back dominant Masahiro Tanaka Watching the Yankees flex their muscles and kick sand in the Twins' faces on Monday night was impressive and an indication there are more offensive outbursts on the way. Yet,...
This would be bad timing for Tyler Austin's suspension The Yankees expect to lose first baseman Tyler Austin to a suspension this week for his involvement in a brawl with the Red Sox on April 11. Austin, who charged...
Why Yankees called up their other minor league help David Hale doesn't have the profile Gleyber Torres does, but the right-handed pitcher does have one thing in common with the Yankees' top position player prospect: They each arrived in...
The Gleyber Torres era begins slowly and with a Yankees win Gleyber Torres didn't get a hit in his major league debut, but he was part of something much more important. “I expected to win the game and help the team...
The Sonny Gray disaster has one silver lining for the Yankees Nothing about Sonny Gray's start to the season has been comforting to the Yankees because his 1-1 record and 8.27 ERA in four outings is awful. Nevertheless, those looking for...
Ex-Yankees coach questions Gary Sanchez's catching desire Gary Sanchez is more interested in hitting than catching, according to former Yankees hitting coach Alan Cockrell, who wasn't retained after last season, his second with the club. “Gary is...
Yankees seeing positive signs from Greg Bird, Brandon Drury Greg Bird and Brandon Drury hope their injuries won't keep them on the DL much longer. Drury, who has been on the DL for two weeks, went through pregame drills...
Man pleads guilty to shooting neighbor in lawn-mowing spat INDIANAPOLIS — An Indianapolis-area man who was wounded when an argument with a neighbor escalated into across-the-fence gunfire has pleaded guilty in the case. The Johnson County prosecutor's office in...
American couples spend 5.5 days a year deciding what to eat The average American couple spends 132 hours a year deciding what to eat, new data reveals. The question “What should we eat?” can be a daunting one for every couple...
Doctor recorded screaming at patient in waiting room A doctor in Florida, recorded on video yelling at a patient in the waiting room, released a statement on the incident on Wednesday. Dr. Peter Gallogly was recorded on video...
Fight over military service leads to brutal murder: cops An argument between two men about military branches resulted in one man's death and the other man charged with murder, Texas police said. Austin police officers said they found Ross...
The reasons most couples argue about money Almost half of US couples argue over finances, a study out Thursday revealed — and 60 percent do not like their partner's spending habits. The acrimony is sparked by feelings...
Gamer who fatally stabbed teen feels 'sad about what happened' The flick was “fast” and “furious” — and so was the stabbing. The homeless gamer who fatally knifed a teenager in a fight for his life at a Queens internet...
Gamer tried returning to internet cafe where he fatally stabbed teen The man who fatally knifed a teen who attacked him for refusing to give up his seat at an Queens Internet cafe returned to the scene on Saturday — less...
Gamer who fatally stabbed teen at Internet cafe avoids charges The man who fatally stabbed a teen inside an Internet cafe — and went right back to fiddling on his computer — was cleared by a Queens grand jury of...
Arguing with your partner literally makes you lose your mind Regularly arguing with you husband or wife significantly increases your risk of dementia, experts have warned. Getting along at home, and having a good relationship with your kids, protects against...
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Even as he donned the pinstripes for the first time Monday, slugger Giancarlo Stanton took one last swing on behalf of the Giants-Dodgers rivalry.
The New Yankees outfielder acknowledged that growing up as a Dodgers fan played at least a small role in his reluctance to wave his no-trade clause and come to San Francisco.
Giancarlo Stanton grew up a #Dodgers fan. @hankschulman just asked him if that kept him from saying yes to the #SFGiants pic.twitter.com/BO9RHMSaNR — Daniel Brown (@mercbrownie) December 11, 2017
“I'd say a little bit,” Stanton said here on the opening day of the Winter Meetings. “I wouldn't base a decision off that, but I also wouldn't want to go to the team that they disliked the most.
“And I wasn't sure if they were going to beat that team, either. But at the same time if they were in the right position that I wanted, I would have done it.”
That last part — “in the right position” — was the key factor as Stanton weighed his next landing spot. Sick of losing with the Miami Marlins, the National League MVP wanted to go to a ready-made World Series contender.
The Giants, coming off a last-place finish, surprised the Stanton camp by striking a deal with the Marlins, pending the player's willingness to waive his no-trade clause. Agent Joel Wolfe said Monday that Stanton never officially said no to the Giants, but the Yankees offer came along and essentially ended the debate.
Along the way, Wolfe encouraged Stanton to take a meeting with the Giants and St. Louis Cardinals just to hear them out. But the agent also understood as well as anyone that the rivalry runs deep.
“I will say that Giancarlo and I both grew up as Dodgers fans as kids,” Wolfe said after Stanton's press conference. “And I see this with the other LA kids that we represent: It's a little bit harder to get your head around being a Giant.
“And I can say I also represent Brandon Crawford, who grew up as a season-ticket holder Giant fan. He would have a hard time going to the Dodgers. That still exists in baseball. It's not all Xs and Os and dollars. These guys are still just kids … and huge baseball fans.”
Everyone knows Taylor Hall can score and set up teammates. He also showed he can deliver a devastating hit on Tuesday night. Hall had a goal, assisted on a go-ahead...
Danica Patrick cries during a Nov. 17 news conference at Homestead-Miami Speedway as she announces her retirement from full-time racing. Patrick said then she planned to run in next year's Daytona 500 and Indianapolis 500. Darryl Graham AP
British Prime Minister Theresa May called on Tuesday for an early election on June 8, saying the government had the right plan for negotiating the terms of Britain's exit from the European Union and she needed political unity in London.
Continue Reading Below
Sterling rose against the dollar after May made the surprise announcement outside her Downing Street office.
“I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet where we agreed that the government should call a General Election to be held on the 8th of June,” May said.
(Reporting by William James, Elizabeth Piper, Kylie Maclellan and Kate Holton, writing by Estelle Shirbon)
Lewis Brinson doesn't profile as a leadoff man. He's a table cleaner, not a table setter, a run producer whose primary duty has typically been to empty the bases with his bat, not scratch his way aboard by any means necessary.
But given the lack of better alternatives, Marlins manager Don Mattingly is experimenting with Brinson in the top spot. Brinson is scheduled to bat leadoff for the second time this spring on Tuesday.
“It's just a discussion about the leadoff spot,” Mattingly said. “There are a number of guys we've talked about for that spot. And it may be an evolving spot over the course of the year.”
When he still had Dee Gordon, Mattingly never had to think about whose name he'd pencil in first on his lineup card. But after trading Gordon, the Marlins were left without a true leadoff hitter.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
As such, settling on one has been a work in progress.
Mattingly has used six different leadoff hitters over the past six games, and Brinson will make seven.
“I don't see our club as being a set lineup type thing,” Mattingly said. “It's not our personnel right now. There will be a few spots in there I think are fairly solid.”
Those would include Justin Bour in the cleanup spot and Starlin Castro in the No. 3 hole.
But leadoff? That's a different story.
Derek Dietrich has hit there this spring. So have Magneuris Sierra, Braxton Lee, Miguel Rojas, Cameron Maybin, J.B. Shuck and Peter Mooney.
While it's not his customary role, Brinson has hit leadoff before. In fact, he batted in the leadoff position his first game in the majors after being called up by the Brewers last June.
“Whether I'm hitting ninth, eighth — as long as I'm in the lineup, I don't care,” Brinson said. “Whatever lineup [Mattingly] runs out there, hopefully I'm in there.”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 321 Don Mattingly talks about Marlins starting rotation Pause 108 Don Mattingly talks about status of Marlins 3B position 72 Marlins manager Don Mattingly on 3B prospect Brian Anderson 108 Don Mattingly talks about Adam Conley 64 Marlins' Derek Jeter talks to Douglas high students 60 Marlins honor MSD shooting victims 154 The Marlins explain why they signed Cameron Maybin 166 Cameron Maybin talks about his return to the Miami Marlins 80 Coral Springs native and Marlins prospect Lewis Brinson talks a about Douglas shooting 92 Jeter: [Lawsuit] has absolutely nothing to do with us Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Coral Springs High grad and Milwaukee Brewers prospect Lewis Brinson talks Sunday, July 9, 2017, about being in the 2017 Futures Game in his hometown. a1fernandez@miamiherald.com
Mattingly likes the idea of having home run pop at the top, something Gordon and a host of former Marlins leadoff men — Juan Pierre, Luis Castillo, and others — didn't possess.
But reaching base still remains the primary objective of any leadoff hitter.
“Being on base, making things happen on base, that's the big thing,” Brinson said. “[The Brewers] kind of expressed to me when I as over there, wherever you hit be the same game. Don't try to be a scrappy little leadoff hitter. I'm not that guy. Being a leadoff guy, I just try to be the same guy.”
Brinson wouldn't be the first Marlins player to start off on top before dropping down later into a run-producing spot. Hanley Ramirez won Rookie of the Year honors in 2006 as the Marlins' leadoff man and ended up spending three years atop the lineup card.
Christian Yelich, who was dealt to Milwaukee in the Brinson trade, was their leadoff hitter in 2014.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 321 Don Mattingly talks about Marlins starting rotation Pause 108 Don Mattingly talks about status of Marlins 3B position 72 Marlins manager Don Mattingly on 3B prospect Brian Anderson 108 Don Mattingly talks about Adam Conley 64 Marlins' Derek Jeter talks to Douglas high students 60 Marlins honor MSD shooting victims 154 The Marlins explain why they signed Cameron Maybin 166 Cameron Maybin talks about his return to the Miami Marlins 80 Coral Springs native and Marlins prospect Lewis Brinson talks a about Douglas shooting 92 Jeter: [Lawsuit] has absolutely nothing to do with us Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Coral Springs native and Miami Marlins prospect Lewis Brinson talks about the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting on Feb. 19, 2018. Charles Trainor Jr.Miami Herald
Starting rotation
As unclear as the leadoff spot is for the Marlins, the starting rotation is even more muddled.
Only José Ureña and Dan Straily have locked up rotation spots.
But one candidate who could work his way into the picture — either by Opening Day or shortly thereafter — is right-hander, Elieser Hernandez, one of the Marlins' two Rule 5 draft picks in December.
“He's been pretty impressive in camp,” Mattingly said of Hernandez, who has never pitched above the High A level.
The problem for Hernandez is that he's missed the past eight days after having his wisdom teeth removed. As a result, he might not be ready for the start of the season.
But Mattingly said Hernandez should pitch again soon.
“It's must a matter of getting him back out there for the final part [of spring training],” Mattingly said.
Video
The White House has accused the US entertainment industry of "hypocrisy" over its condemnation of Roseanne Barr following a racist tweet.
5-year-old 'marries' best friend ahead of heart surgery A little girl who was born with a life-threatening heart condition saw a big wish come true recently, when she was able to “marry” her best friend in a special...
Dog 'hugs' injured owner as he waits for ambulance A man who suffered a bad fall while pruning a tree regained consciousness feeling the warm weight of his dog Tony on him. With his snout and paws firmly on...
Dog braves speeding train to protect injured pal This brave pooch proved he's dog's best friend. Incredible video footage shows the brave canine rushing to protect his injured chum, perilously stuck on railroad tracks in Uzhhorod, Ukraine. The...
Cops saved this adorable cat from sewer drain Here kitty, kitty, kitty! A furry white cat got stuck in a storm drain Friday morning in Brooklyn and its desperate meows caught the attention of a neighbor who called...
Grandparents married 52 years text grandson their matching outfits each day Every morning without fail, 17-year-old Anthony Gargiula says he gets a text message from his grandparents, showing their matching outfits. In fact, he said Ed and Fran Gargiula have showed...
Health care system tragically separates couple married 62 years These heartbroken Canadian ­seniors are forced to live in separate health care facilities after 62 years of marriage — and they burst into tears whenever they get a chance to...
Meet the most adorable creature on the bottom of the sea Usually the depths of the ocean evoke images of terrifying sea creatures, but this adorable cephalopod looks like it's straight out of a children's cartoon. The stubby squid spends its...
These prom dates battled heart disease together as babies It's the ultimate meet-cute. In 1999, Logan Andrews and Allison Wolfe met as babies at Boston Children's Hospital, where both newborns were battling dangerous heart conditions. Andrews was there with...
This mom turned her baby into hilarious art Motherhood is much, much funnier than Melinda Anderson ever thought it would be. The freelance editor and writer was ready for the other stuff — the sleep deprivation, anxiety, diapers...
An editorial from the Toronto Star, published March 16:
Here is an incomplete list of qualifications for being prime minister: you should be able to categorically condemn political violence; you should hold a clear position on the national unity of our international partners; and you should not associate with political movements whose views you cannot endorse.
It is cause for real concern, then, that Jagmeet Singh, leader of the federal New Democrats and aspiring prime minister, can claim none of these.
After it was revealed that he has sometimes attended rallies in support of the Khalistani cause, an occasionally violent Sikh separatist movement in India, Singh was presented with a number of predictable questions to which he could not provide clear or consistent answers.
Does he support Indian unity, as is longstanding Canadian policy? Singh says as leader of a federal party it is not appropriate that he take a position. But surely this represents a sharp diplomatic departure that would strain relations with a country with which Canada has long struggled to deepen economic ties.
We and others decried Justin Trudeau's gaffe-filled trip to India for its potential to set relations back, but at least the prime minister could say without hesitation that he supports a united country. Moreover, Singh's attempt to finesse the issue surely compromises his ability to defend national unity at home.
In any case, if Singh intends to be seen as neutral, why is he frequenting rallies where separatist flags are flown and Sikh terrorists are celebrated as martyrs? The NDP leader says he will continue to attend such events to promote human rights. But he has plenty of less fraught platforms from which to disseminate his views. Canadians can be forgiven for wondering if something else is going on.
Singh is wrong that he should remain impartial on the Khalistan question and wrong that he can appear so while still attending Khalistani rallies. But most disturbing is his seeming inability to categorically condemn political violence.
In an opinion article published in the Globe and Mail on Thursday, Singh wrote movingly of the impact on his family and on his own development of the 1984 massacres perpetrated against Sikhs by the Indian government. He wrote that he understands the anger of those who turn to violence, but that he condemns terrorism without qualification.
It's a good piece. To understand the pain of the oppressed, and how it can metastasize into violence, is essential to creating a safer, more just world. At the same time, to understand is not to justify.
Yet just a few hours after it was published Singh was once again dodging and dissembling on the question of violence, undermining his own important message. Asked on Thursday whether violence can be justified in the Sikh context, Singh responded with a particularly obfuscating word salad. “Well, I think you're actually on the complexity of the situation,” he said. “Given that it's complex, it requires that thoughtfulness to proceed forward.”
Consider the domestic implications of this mealy-mouthed positioning. In his article, Singh compared the intergenerational scars of what he describes as the Sikh genocide to those of the Indian residential schools and other policies of forced assimilation on Indigenous peoples in Canada. So what would he say about violence as a means to redress the injustices in Indigenous communities that persist to this day?
The failings that Singh has displayed over the last week are not simply a problem for his party. Singh is a charismatic young leader who has the potential to be an effective advocate for progressive ideals. His party's platform includes a number of important proposals, from universal pharmacare to strengthened worker protections, that would make a material difference in the lives of Canadians, but which our government would seemingly prefer to avoid. We would all benefit from a real debate. We will all lose if Singh continues to torpedo his credibility.
Audrina Patridge and Corey Bohan reach custody agreement Patridge filed for divorce from Bohan last month after 10 months of marriage. They share one child, daughter Kirra Max.
Audrina Patridge spotted with estranged husband Patridge filed for divorce from Corey Bohan last week after 10 months of marriage.
Corey Bohan allegedly installed cameras to spy on Audrina New legal documents claim Bohan was recording her and her father.
A prosecutor says a man charged with killing five people at a mall in Washington state last year has been found dead in his jail cell.
Skagit County Prosecutor Rich Weyrich tells the Skagit Valley Herald (https://goo.gl/79PNrk ) that 20-year-old Arcan Cetin was found hanging in an apparent suicide Sunday evening.
Neither the prosecutor's office nor Cetin's attorney immediately returned messages from The Associated Press seeking confirmation.
Police say Cetin shot a teenage girl, a man and three women in a department store at Cascade Mall in Burlington, north of Seattle, on Sept. 23. Authorities captured him about 30 hours later near his apartment.
His family said he suffered from psychiatric problems.
Cetin had been held in the Snohomish County Jail for about a month awaiting results of a mental competency evaluation.
German savings banks to roll out mobile payment service
Germany's savings banks are planning a mass-market roll out of contactless mobile payments technology in 2018.
Using technology developed by S-Payment, a subsidiary of the Deutscher Sparkassen Verlag (DSV) group, the product is currently undergoing pilot trials with ten Mastercard issuing savings banks.
In the nation-wide commercial phase, girocard mobile, Germany's most-used payment card and other schemes will be supported.
The banks are working with G+D Mobile Security to provide on-air provisioning and connections to the Mastercard tokenisation services MDES (Mastercard Digital Enablement Service) for securing transactions.
Tomorrow brings us the high-profile special congressional election in Georgia to fill the seat vacated by Republican HHS Secretary Tom Price. If no one gets more than 50% of the vote in the 18-candidate field, the race heads to a June 20 runoff. Here are the answers to eight big questions about the race:
Can Democrat Jon Ossoff get 50%-plus and avoid a runoff?
Probably not, but he has a chance. The polls show Ossoff in the low-to mid-40s, but that percentage could grow if Democratic turnout is sky-high compared with GOP turnout.
Is Ossoff doomed if he can't crack 50% tomorrow?
Not at all. While Republicans' odds of holding on to this seat increase in a two-person race, the polling — which hasn't been of the greatest quality, mind you — shows Ossoff running competitively against the top-tier Republicans in a runoff. The nonpartisan Cook Political Report is designating the overall contest as a Toss Up.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Democrats See Opening in Georgia Special Election 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
How much is the race about Trump?
Ossoff has definitely tried to make it about the president. "When President Trump embarrasses our country or acts recklessly, I'll hold him accountable," he has said in one of his ads. "Donald Trump doesn't represent our values," Rep. John Lewis says to the camera in another Ossoff ad.
Trump inserted himself in this race on Monday, tweeting: "The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [sic] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!"
Related: Trump Rips Top Democrat in Georgia Special Election
Republicans, meanwhile, first targeted Ossoff by resurfacing video of him drinking and acting out as Han Solo during his college days. Then they tied him Nancy Pelosi. And then they played the Osama bin Laden card in this video.
Is this district Trump country?
No. And this is an important point if Ossoff wins (either on April 18 or June 20). Tom Price got 62% of the vote in this highly educated and affluent Atlanta-area district in 2016, and Mitt Romney took 61% in 2012. But Trump barely beat Hillary Clinton here in 2016, 48%-47%, and that was on his best day of the general election.
Who are the top Republicans?
They include former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel (who has been the top Republican in most polls), former state Sen. Dan Moody (who has been endorsed by U.S. Sen. David Perdue), and businessman Bob Gray (whom the Club for Growth is backing).
How much national money is going into this one contest?
About $14 million has been spent on advertising in this district by both sides. Ossoff himself raised at least $8.3 million for his run - an astounding sum for a House candidate - but he has also had to contend with the widely-publicized fact that just 5% of those donations came from his home state.
What time do polling places close?
Polls in Georgia close at 7:00 pm ET. There has been a sizable early vote in this race, and so early vote totals will probably show Ossoff with a significant early lead. The question is whether that holds up when Election Day totals come in.
How predictive are special elections for upcoming midterm elections?
They aren't. While an Ossoff win would send shockwaves throughout Congress and open GOP eyes about the current political mood, special elections don't predict how a later midterm cycle will turn out. Indeed, back in 2010, Democrats won a highly contested special election to fill the seat of the late Rep. Jack Murtha (D-PA). But that Democratic victory didn't stop the GOP from its huge midterm victories that year.
A small plane crashed in Melville on Long Island on Wednesday afternoon. (Published 18 minutes ago)
One person was killed when a small plane went down on Long Island Wednesday afternoon, according to authorities.
The single-engine, two-seater plane crashed on Northcote Drive near Spagnoli Road in Melville about 2 p.m., according to a representative for the town of Huntington.
It's not clear if the person who died was aboard the plane.
According to an aviation source, the plane involved in the crash was a T6 Texan, a high-performance World War II trainer craft. The plane was based out of Republic Airport and was thought to be a skytyper plane that was part of the canceled Jones Beach Air Show last weekend.
Images posted to Twitter by Lauren Peller showed firefighters battling what appears to be a burning plane at the crash site.
Peller said the plane crashed right outside her home. No homes were damaged.
Police and firefighters are responding to the scene.
Video
A man suspected of killing 10 people and injuring 15 more by ploughing a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto has been charged by police.
Alek Minassian, 25, pleaded "kill me" and claimed to have a gun as a police officer approached.
But the officer put his own gun away and approached with a baton.
▪ Toronto van attack: How is the suspect not dead?
Tikka long action bolt stops
...you need one of these and a long magazine. Easy peasy to swap out using the existing pin and spring.
$68.50 each shipped
P I have 2 factory long action bolt stops. If you have a short action (7mm-08, .308, .243, etc) and want to be able to load closer to the lands......you need one of these and a long magazine. Easy peasy to swap out using the existing pin and spring.$68.50 each shipped
We made it! The last remnants of snow are gone from my driveway. My husband commented that I definitely seemed happier/more relaxed now that the weather has changed. He has known me for over 50 years. He sees me turning up the thermostat, turning on the fireplace, huddling under afghans , sitting with a heating pad or microwaved wrap on my body for months…while he sat in a tee-shirt. Of course I am happier! I truly do not understand people who love cold weather. But this blog is about life after winter. It exists and it is beautiful. And, although I hate to admit it, it might even be more beautiful because of winter.
Daffodils are popping up in my yard. Trees are budding. Birds are nesting. Life is being renewed. We are emerging from our cocoons. I have joined many others walking during lunch hour. Walking on the week-ends, my husband and I have been able to say hello to neighbors and dogs we have not seen in months. Even eating a lighter and healthier meal seems more doable. Essentially, I have been able to renew my own commitment to a healthier lifestyle.
I would like to issue you a challenge. Can you make or renew your own commitment to a healthier life-style? Can you make your diet a bit healthier? Can you add in 15-20 minutes of exercise 3 times a week?. Can you find a healthy recipe to try and if it is good, share with a friend or all of us? You don't need to join a gym and commit to an hour of exercise every day. Most people can't go from 0-100 quickly. They are bound to fail if they set goals that are too lofty. But small changes that last help us get to our loftier goals.
To make this a bit easier, consider getting an app, such as Pacer, that records your daily steps and helps you keep track of what you are eating. Many are free or very inexpensive. It makes a huge difference if you are recording what you eat. It is amazing how many calories we consume when we are not keeping track.
The sunshine is beckoning me to come outdoors. I wish you all a wonderful and very healthy day. And I invite you to share your tips on how you are renewing your o
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Male and female pink salmon were seen in the River Ness
A Scottish fishery board says it has taken the "first ever footage" of a non-native species of salmon spawning in UK waters.
The pink, also known as humpback, salmon were filmed using Ness Salmon Fishery Board's underwater cameras in the River Ness near Inverness.
The fish are native to Pacific Ocean waters.
Pink salmon have recently been caught by anglers in the rivers Ness, Dee and Spey.
The fish are believed to be related to pink salmon introduced to rivers in Russia in the mid-1950s.
These fish have since gone on to be found in rivers in Scandinavian countries, including Norway.
Image copyright Ness Salmon Fishery Board Image caption One of the invasive pink salmon caught in the Ness
Chris Conroy, the board's director, said: "This is undisputed proof that these non-native fish are attempting to spawn in our waters.
"We are forwarding this film to Marine Scotland to keep them aware of what is happening.
"It is, however, important to note that conditions in our rivers mean that the pink salmon eggs may not go on to successfully hatch - we will monitor the situation over the coming months."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Anglers fear Atlantic salmon could be at risk
Mr Conroy added: "We don't know why they are here or whether this is a one-off year for them or, ominously, a more regular feature.
"While the risks are unknown in terms of their interaction with Atlantic salmon and other Scottish fish, they are unlikely to have a positive impact."
Salmon and Trout Conservation UK and Prof Eric Verspoor, director of the Rivers and Lochs Institute at Inverness College UHI, have warned of the potential risk to native salmon.
Threats include competition for food.
Why Trump had better be mindful of his handling of #MeToo movement Could the Rob Porter scandal do lasting damage to the Trump presidency? To follow mainstream media coverage: yes. To follow Trump's Black Swan candidacy and victory: probably not. One would...
Trump's approval rating just dropped to an all-time low President Trump's approval rating has sunk to an all-time low as Americans fret over his signature tax-code overhaul, which they believe will enrich Trump and the wealthy while hurting the...
Trump tweets poll showing the majority of Americans disapprove of him President Trump on Friday boasted about a poll that showed that less than half the country approved of the job he's doing as commander-in-chief. Trump tweeted out a photo of...
Trump's approval rating hits a new low President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low in November, according to a new poll. Only 41 percent of registered voters surveyed approve of the job the commander-in-chief is...
Trump's approval rating is near his personal low: poll President Trump's approval rating sank to a near-record low, and voters by a 3-to-1 margin said Alabama GOP senate candidate Roy Moore should step down after allegations that he sexually...
Trump brags about a poll that makes him look good President Trump on Tuesday highlighted a survey from a conservative-leaning pollster on Twitter that shows his approval rating is at 46 percent — despite other polls showing him hovering around...
Americans are trusting the media more and Trump less: poll Despite President Trump's repeated accusations that the media pushes nothing but “fake news,” Americans are trusting the media more and the president less nearly nine months after he was sworn...
Donald Trump will never win over New Yorker voters President Trump isn't getting home cooking from New York State voters — two-thirds are giving his White House tenure a thumbs down, a new survey reveals. Just 29 percent of...
Most disapprove of Trump's Charlottesville response: poll Most Americans disapprove of the way President Trump responded to the deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va., a new Washington Post-ABC News poll finds. Fifty-six percent of US adults...
City Comptroller Scott Stringer on Wednesday pushed the de Blasio administration to “come clean” on the scope of the lead paint scandal at the city's public housing developments — and called for an overhaul of NYCHA's management structure.
Stringer, who has launched a probe of the crisis that was botched by City Hall, NYCHA and the Department of Health, said the stream of revelations that catapulted the number of impacted kids from 19 to more than 840 must end.
“This is just a running disaster, and we see it almost with every revelation,” he told Fox 5's “Good Day New York.”
“The city should just come clean and tell us the truth about how many children, where it's coming from, and what we can do as a city to make things better,” he added. “The NYCHA residents deserve nothing less.”
City Hall and NYCHA have insisted for months that just 19 kids living in public housing apartments had registered elevated lead levels from 2010 to 2016.
This week, officials admitted that as many as 820 additional kids had high lead levels in their blood between 2012 and 2016 under more conservative federal guidelines.
Since the city implemented the new federal standards in January, an additional 40 kids have tested with high lead levels.
City Hall has said it won't release figures for the number of kids impacted in 2017 until September.
Stringer said his probe would include a hard look at why the different city agencies weren't properly coordinating with one another for years.
“If you find elevated lead levels for a child, well then are you talking to the agency that perhaps could find where that lead is coming from?” he told Fox 5. “I'm going in, we're going to leave no stone unturned until we get to the bottom of this.”
Stringer added that the NYCHA management structure needs to be overhauled because the chair of the agency doesn't have the necessary authority.
He also criticized the agency for not filling key positions, including current vacancies of the chief financial officer and general counsel.
NYCHA is now under a federal monitorship after the agency falsely asserted for years that it had been conducting annual inspections of apartments for lead hazards, as required.
The agency also botched the cleanup that started in 2016 by using uncertified workers to conduct the inspections and abatement. NYCHA officials and Mayor Bill de Blasio kept the public in the dark about the lapse in inspections for more than a year.
NYCHA officials didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
From Lynchburg Police: 22-year-old Kenneth Allen Kelley Jr. has been charged in connection to the homicide of Phineas Neville. Kelley Jr has been charged with the following: 18.2-32–2nd Degree Murder, 18.2-53.1-Use of a Firearm in the Commission of a Felony. Anyone that knows the whereabouts of Kelley is asked to contact the Lynchburg Police Department or Crime Stoppers.
Previously: On July 2, 2017, at approximately 1:07 a.m., the Lynchburg Police Department responded to 303 Rivermont Avenue regarding the report of a possible malicious wounding. When officers arrived on scene, they located a victim who had multiple gunshot wounds. The male victim was identified as 28-year-old Phineas Rufus Neville of Lynchburg. Neville was transported from the scene to the Lynchburg General Hospital where he was later pronounced dead as a result of his injuries.
Manta rays are some of the sea's most graceful creatures, capable of gliding almost effortlessly and able to swim efficiently even in turbulent water. Now, researchers at the National University of Singapore have created a robot that mimics the manta.
Dubbed “MantaDroid,” the cute little bot is about 14 inches long and 25 inches wide and weighs 1.5 pounds. Using its pair of flexible pectoral fins, each powered by a single electric motor, it's able to swim for up to 10 hours.
“Manta rays are known to be extremely efficient swimmers,” Chew Chee Meng, an associate professor in the university's department of mechanical engineering, told NBC News MACH in an email. “We wanted to explore an alternative solution to traditional propeller-based thrusters that are used by most autonomous underwater vehicles.”
The robot could be used for search and rescue operations, as well as to perform underwater surveys and inspections, like those conducted by environmental groups. It could even be deployed in swarms for faster, more efficient searches and surveys, according to the researchers.
The engineers spent two years testing 40 different fin designs, aiming to recreate how real-life manta rays thrust forward by flapping their fins to drive water backwards. They say the MantaDroid achieved “good maneuverability” when tested in a pool. The bot was able to swim at a top speed of 2.3 feet per second — equivalent to almost 1.6 miles per hour.
Like its real-life counterpart, the MantaDroid has a wide, flat body, which means it could be equipped with multiple sensors on its “belly.” And the fins seem to have big benefits over propellers, Meng said. In addition to being less likely to get tangled in aquatic plants, they cause less turbulence than props.
“As a whole, MantaDroid tends to have less environmental impacts on marine ecosystems,” Meng said.
Meng and his colleagues want to test the MantaDroid in a marine environment to study its swimming ability at various depths, and to gauge its ability to handle currents.
The engineers are also working to make the bot autonomous.
“We plan to incorporate sensors and implement perception algorithms on the current prototype to make MantaDroid autonomous after we have completed the maneuverability study and design optimization,” Meng said.
Share
Let's face it: Amazon is actually two really big companies: It's a giant online retail behemoth that seems to sell almost everything under the sun, but in the background, they're also a package delivery service. Now, Amazon is expanding their “Key” personalized delivery service to a sort of unexpected location: The trunk of your car.
So, do you need to make a copy of your car key and send it Jeff and crew? No, of course not. Amazon has partnered with Chevy, Buick, GMC, Cadillac and Volvo to start with, and your car has to have an internet connection – many cars made after 2015 already do – and the ability to open the trunk by remote.
After you sign up and set up your account, the Amazon Key app does the rest. Naturally, there are a lot of tracking and notifications involved in the system. In-Car delivery is rolling out to 37 cities right now, and you have to be a Prime member to use it, so if letting someone poke around in your trunk is OK with you, you know what to do.
Where to draw the line
Along with all the other problems Facebook is dealing with right now, a legacy issue with the social network is the posting – and the repercussions – for posting “explicit” content to the site. What you could or could not post can be a bit dodgy – this image of a cake that bore a certain resemblance to a certain body part got one woman's account banned from Facebook-owned Instagram.
So what's allowed, and what's not? Facebook has just updated all their “community standards” and made them a bit easier to find but here's the short no -no list: Hate speech, graphic violence, nudity and sexual activity, and “cruel and insensitive” posts, which Facebook defines as “content that targets victims of serious physical or emotional harm.” Beyond that, Facebook is also targeting spam, “false news,” and other bad behavior. Check out all the details, including what happens to someone's page when they die.
One more switch for the Switch
If you ever thought the Nintendo Switch would make for a nifty portable PC as well as a gaming console, well, you're sort of in luck. Eurogamer reports that console hackers fail0verflow have found an exploit in the console that lets it run Linux, as you can see here in this short video. And if you think Nintendo will just send out a software patch to solve the issue, you're wrong: Eurogamer says the exploit works at the hardware level, specifically the Nvidia Tegra system-on-chip, and any fix is going to have to be made in a physical redesign of the console's computing hardware.
So, you can run Linux on a Switch, big deal, right? Well, here's the bigger deal: the exploit will eventually be exploited to allow homebrew game developers to run unlicensed games on the switch, and even play them in the Switch's actual gaming OS, known as Horizon.
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
The second girl mowed down in a fatal hit-and-run collision on New Year's Eve has died, police said.
Zaneta Krokova, 11, was holding the hand of her 12-year-old cousin Helina Kotlarova when they were hit by a blue Peugeot 807 in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
The girls had just come out of a shop near their homes when they were struck in Ashton Road at around 7.15pm.
Greater Manchester Police said that Miss Krokova died on Monday morning.
Her older cousin was killed at the scene.
Four men aged 59, 48, 38 and 18 were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and are in custody for questioning.
A fifth man, 23, was released with no further action being taken and is assisting police with their inquiries.
The car which hit the girls has since been found abandoned on Honeywell Lane, police said.
The older girl's mother Sylva and father Robert raced to the scene but she was declared dead by medics as her distraught mother stroked her hair.
On New Year's Day, the family of seven sisters and one brother, who came to England from the Czech Republic eight years ago, sat in tears mourning the 12-year-old.
Her father sat with his head in his hands, his wife weeping, while other red-eyed members of the family sat in silence in the kitchen of their terraced home.
Helina's sister Sylva, 19, told how the family rushed to the scene 100 yards from their home seconds after the crash.
She said: "Her face was all bloody. She did not breathe. Mum was touching her hair."
Miss Kotlarova said the girls were with a larger group of family and friends who had already crossed the road, one of the main routes in and out of Oldham town centre, and the larger group was waiting on the opposite pavement.
The two cousins then started to cross the road outside the shop.
Miss Kotlarova said: "But as they came to the other side of the road the car ran them over. They were holding hands."
Seconds later friends ran to Helina's home to alert the family.
Miss Kotlarova added: "We ran there. I went to her. Her face was all bloody. She did not breathe. Then the ambulance came."
She said Helina attended the Collective Spirit free school in Oldham and enjoyed dancing and music and wanted to become a singer.
Sergeant Lee Westhead said: "This is a heart-breaking incident which has now taken the lives of two young girls and all of our thoughts remain with their families, who are understandably devastated.
"We have made significant progress with our investigation since the collision happened and I would like to thank everyone who has contacted police with information so far."
Officers are appealing for anyone who saw a dark coloured Peugeot 807 in the area at the time and the driver of a white van to come forward.
Sergeant Westhead added: "As you can see in the images, the vehicle is dark blue, people carrier shaped and is in poor physical condition and notably has pre-existing damage to its rear window.
"Did you see this vehicle on Saturday 31 December in the hours before or after the collision?
"Finally, I am also keen to speak to the occupants of a white Citroen Despatch van that I am also releasing an image of. This vehicle did not collide with anyone but was in the immediate vicinity of the collision and may have key information.
"Again if you saw this vehicle or have any information about its occupants or why it was in the area at the time of the collision, please contact us."
Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 1691 of 31/12/16, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
INDIANOLA, Miss. — Hundreds of people filled a church in the Mississippi Delta for the funeral Saturday of B.B. King, who rose from sharecropper in the area's flat cotton fields...
BROWARD COUNTY – The Florida Department of Health in Broward County has launched another free dental service for children – fluoride treatment to prevent cavities.
Hygienists from DOH-Broward are offering a free dental exam and tooth-strengthening fluoride varnish to clients of the Department's Women Infants & Children family nutrition program.
Last year, the Department began providing free dental sealant treatment to students at Broward County elementary and middle schools. More than 25,000 received sealants during the past school year.
The fluoride varnish is a tasty-flavored gel that is gently brushed onto a child's teeth to soak in for several hours or overnight. Studies show the varnish can strengthen tooth enamel and help prevent cavities.
So far, the service is being offered at WIC offices in Lauderdale Lakes and Hollywood, but will be expanded later this year to the five other WIC offices – two in Fort Lauderdale, in Pompano Beach, Coral Springs and Pembroke Pines.
The treatment will be offered to kids on hand for the family's normal WIC visit, so no appointments are necessary.
“For parents, it's like killing two birds with one stone,” says Dr. Paula Thaqi, Director of DOH-Broward. “It's like going for a dental appointment at the same time you are at WIC.”
The treatment is available for kids ages 1 to 20, and takes just a few minutes. Hygienists give the children an exam, a toothbrush, toothpaste and floss, and explain the proper way to care for their teeth.
Then they paint on the varnish, which comes in caramel, mint and fruit flavors. All children who are seen are offered a free or low-cost appointment at DOH-Broward dental practice offices. There, they can see a dentist for more extensive dental care.
The fluoride service was well received during a one-week study in May. Since, then about 3,000 children have been treated.
“Parents loved it,” says DOH-Broward Dental Administrator Scott Glincher. When fully running, Broward's dental varnish program is expected to become the largest in the state.
It will be rather cloudy and misty at first today with a few isolated showers but it will brighten up during the morning with sunny spells developing, according to Met Eireann.
The national weather forecaster says it will be mostly dry, but some scattered showers are likely. Highest temperatures are expected to range between 18 and 23 degrees.
Showery weather is expected through the rest of the week and over the weekend but there will be some warm sunshine at times.
Tonight will be close and humid with the lowest temperatures of 13 or 14 degrees. Mist and fog is expected to develop overnight. Scattered showers are expecte4d with the risk of some thundery bursts.
SEE ALSO: PHOTO GALLERY: Historic Grangecon Demense and Stud on market for €15 million
Harley-Davidson stood by its full-year motorcycle shipments forecast and beat quarterly profit estimates on Tuesday, offering a glimmer of hope to a business struggling with an aging customer base.
The company's shares rose 6 percent in premarket trading on Tuesday. The stock has fallen nearly 20 percent this year.
Harley, which commands about half of the US big-bike market, has seen its US market share erode in recent years as fewer younger buyers take to the brand and its rivals discount heavily.
“A lot of investors were expecting a guidance (2018 shipments) to be lowered, that didn't happen,” Northcoast Research analyst Seth Woolf said.
To revive demand, Harley is spending aggressively on product development and marketing, including promoting its learn-to-ride academies at showrooms and developing electric motorcycle technology.
Revenue from motorcycles and related products rose for the second straight quarter following five quarters of declines. It rose 2.7 percent to $1.36 billion, beating analysts' average estimate of $1.23 billion.
Shipments fell 9.7 percent to 63,944 motorcycles in the first quarter. For the second quarter, it expects to ship about 67,500 to 72,500 motorcycles, down from 81,807 units a year earlier.
However, for the full year it reiterated shipments of between 231,000 and 236,000.
Overall global retail sales — by dealers to customers — fell 7.2 percent, weighed down by a 12 percent decline in US sales.
International sales rose 0.2 percent — after five straight quarters of declines — helped by the company's efforts to boost sales of overseas.
The company has also been restructuring its business to cut costs and adjust to the slack in demand. Harley said in January it will consolidate work at its motorcycle assembly plant in Kansas City, Missouri, into the one in York, Pennsylvania.
The Milwaukee, Wisconsin-based company said its net income fell to $174.8 million, or $1.03 per share, in quarter ended April 1, from $186.4 million, or $1.05 per share, a year earlier.
Analysts on an average had expected profit of 90 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
A NEW Year's Eve reveller claimed he had no memory of taking a wallet and using a bank card in Wrexham, a court heard.
Wrexham Magistrates Court heard Sanosi Hakim Hassan, 44, was so much the worse for wear he did not realise he was using the card to pay for items in Town Hill on December 31.
Prosecutor Justin Espey said an 18-year-old student realised he had left his wallet containing his bank card in a taxi when he came to pay for drinks on New Year's Eve.
The card had been used in stores and CCTV footage showed the defendant making the payments.
Hassan, of Rhosddu Road, Wrexham admitted theft and fraud by false representation on December 31 when he appeared before the court.
The victim was left out of pocket to the tune of £65 and magistrates ordered Hassan pay
that sum in compensation.
They also fined him £160 and ordered he pay costs of £85 plus a victim surcharge of £30.
Emma Simoes, defending, said of Hassan: “He had been out with friends consuming vodka and other drinks and the offences took place just before midnight struck.
“He accepts it was him in the CCTV and he doesn't think his actions were acceptable.
“But he doesn't remember doing it.”
The oil market got another dose of data Monday that pointed to the likelihood of further gains in U.S. crude-oil production.
Oil production from seven major U.S. shale plays is forecast to climb by 124,000 barrels a day to 5.193 million barrels a day in May from April, according to a monthly report on drilling productivity from the Energy Information Administration released Monday.
The agency has forecast increases in shale-oil output every month this year so far.
Oil output from the Permian Basin, which covers parts of western Texas and southeastern New Mexico, is expected to see the largest climb among the big shale plays, with an increase of 76,000 barrels a day, the EIA report said.
New-well oil production per rig in the Permian is forecast at 662 barrels a day in May. That's unchanged from April, but according to Curt Taylor, president of Opportune LLP's Ralph E. Davis Associates, the average productivity of a rig in the Permian before April 2009 was less than 100 barrels a day.
EIA's Drilling Productivity Report
“This, along with the increasing rig count and another increase in the DUC (drilled but uncompleted) well count…means that U.S. production supply will continue to move up,” Taylor said.
The EIA estimated DUC wells at 5,512 in March, up 111 from February. Data also show that oil production per rig has climbed year over year for at least six of the seven major shale plays.
And oil output from the Permian Basin, which covers parts of western Texas and southeastern New Mexico, is expected to see the largest climb in May among the big shale plays, with an increase of 76,000 barrels a day, the EIA report said.
“The Permian Basin is dominating the uptick in U.S. onshore activity,” said John White, senior research analyst at Roth Capital Partners, in a research note dated Monday. “This is because the Permian Basin is generally regarded as the most economic and productive petroleum province in the U.S. onshore due to the quality of the reservoirs, the number of individual reservoirs.”
Read: The U.S. is increasingly looking at this Texas region for oil
The EIA's Drilling Productivity report came on the heels of figures released by Baker Hughes BHI, +0.27% on Thursday, which showed that the number of active U.S. rigs drilling for oil rose by 11 to 683 rigs for the week ended April 13. That marked a 13th weekly climb in a row.
Also last week, the EIA forecast, in its monthly Short-term Energy Outlook report, record production of 9.9 million barrels a day for 2018.
The figures could put a six-month extension to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' production cut agreement in jeopardy. OPEC and a cadre of non-OPEC countries, excluding the U.S., have agreed to curb output by 1.2 million barrels a day, with many market participants calling for the pact to be extended to the end of 2017.
Read: OPEC faces ‘lose-lose' decision on extending oil production curbs
Last week, oil prices posted a gain after The Wall Street Journal reported that Saudi Arabia told OPEC officials it wants to extend the production cut agreement past June, when the cartel meets in Vienna on May 25.
But prices for the commodity on Monday fell, settling at their lowest level in about a week as traders got a chance to digest the Baker Hughes rig-count data released Thursday, which came ahead of the Friday holiday for oil trading.
The G33/40 Became The Darling Of Custom Riflemakers
And Is Now A Highly Desirable WWII Collectible
By Mike “Duke” Venturino
Photos: Yvonne Venturino
One military Mauser has been torn apart and the action used for high dollar custom sporting rifles more than any other. At least in my considered opinion. It is the G33/40 as issued by the German Wehrmacht to its Gebirgstruppen or mountain troops.
The reasons it is the gem of many custom gun builders' eyes are two factors. Probably the most important is the production quality is superb—likely the best of any bolt action military rifle ever made. Second, because it was intended for troops hauling themselves up mountains, it was made with lightening cuts in its receiver and even a hollow bolt handle.
When Germany absorbed Czechoslovakia into the Third Reich, one of its major aims was getting control of the huge armaments industrial complex at BRNO. Several years before World War II the Czechs had already developed an 8mm carbine based on Peter Paul Mauser's Model 1898 action. It was named the VZ33. With minor changes the Germans evolved it into the G33/40. Magazine capacity, safety and sight arrangement remained the same as their current K98k infantry rifle, which had to help with basic rifle training.
Here's a conundrum I must mention. The “K” in K98k stands for karabiner which translates into English as “short rifle.” However, the “G” in G33/40 stands for gewehr and translates into “rifle.” Truth is, size-wise the two are not radically different although barrel length for the K98k is about 4 inches longer than the G33/40's 19.29 inches. Their weights are close at 8.6 pounds for the K98k and 7.9 pounds for the G33/40. One factor bringing up the G33/40's weight is immediately evident. That is a 1.25-inch-wide sheet steel cover on the stock's left rear side just in front of its steel buttplate.
In Military Mausers Of The World 3rd Edition, author Robert W.D. Ball states the steel plate is meant to protect the wooden stock from damage when the G33/40 was used as a walking aid on steep and slick slopes. Speaking of stock wood, first-built G33/40's used stocks of solid European walnut, but early in production stock material was changed to laminated wood. The Germans even experimented with jointed stocks as the Finns used on some of their remodeled Mosin-Nagants. It was supposed to help with wood shifting due to extreme temperature changes. Samples of those stocks are rare. (I actually got one once on a G33/40 but it had been “Bubba-ed” to such an extreme it was not salvageable.)
Here with other WWII German weapons is an early G33/40 (bottom) as denoted by its solid
walnut stock. Above it is a German K98k with ZF41 scope. And the machine gun is the fabled
MG42. All three are 8mm Mauser.
On the left rear of G33/40's is this unique sheet steel piece used to protect the stock
if the carbine was used as a walking stick on slick or steep hills.
As with just about any piece of military equipment used by the German Wehrmacht in WWII, G33/40's have many stampings. Some of these are acceptance stamps after inspection and others are codes. For instance, early G33/40's are stamped “945” on top of the front receiver rings. Into production a bit, the code was changed to “dot.” Both stood for location of manufacture at BRNO. By the way Germany changed “BRNO” name to “Brunn” in their language.
It should be noted the two types of stock are interchangeable, so battlefield use could have resulted in an early rifle having a later stock and vice-versa. Another stamping I've seen on all of the G33/40's I personally handled (about six) is a 7.88 on the rear of their barrels just in front of the receiver ring. This is a measurement of the bore diameter in millimeters. Interestingly, early K98k's were likewise marked, but in my small collection alone I've found them from 7.90 to 7.91.
Upon setting out to do a book now in print and available from Amazon—Shooting World War II Small Arms—I did not own a G33/40. My thought was, “No big deal. I have to buy a lot of guns for this project so that will be one more.” As with many of my goals, fulfillment wasn't so easy. While not plentiful, G33/40's are around, but just in the last week I've seen ones on the Internet sell for upwards of $3K. Only about 250,000 were made and many have been torn apart, so those remaining in original condition are becoming quite valuable.
To my good fortune a friend loaned me his 945-coded one for an entire winter. And a fine example it is too; hardly showing any use. Sadly, I had to give it back to him, but along the way picked up a parts one for myself. “Parts” means serial number of bolt, action and stock do not match. Then as has happened often in my life, someone did me a good deed. Another friend found an all-matching one for me. It carries the dot stamp and date of 1941 but had obviously been carried outdoors and in all sorts of weather. Likely it was issued to a well-trained Gebirgstruppen because its bore remains perfect.
G33/40's were chambered in 8mm Mauser (7.9x57mm or 7.92x57mm in Europe). Germany fielded many different loadings for this round during WWII, but the one I've found mentioned most often was a 198-grain FMJ bullet at about 2,500 fps. This load gives plenty of recoils in the K98k and, as might be expected, even more so in the G33/40. It's the only complaint about them I've ever read.
Read More Montana Musings Articles
Purchase A Password To Read The December 2017 Digital Edition
(Included FREE Download Of PDF Version To Your Desktop Or Mobile Device)
Purchase A PDF Download Of The December 2017 Issue Now!
Splintering decks are usually the result of neglect — occurring after a deck remains untreated and unsealed for a number of years. The lack of protection allows water to soak into the boards, eventually causing them to splinter and crack. Fortunately, all is not lost. It may be hard to get that brand-new look back completely, but following a few simple steps can help you bring your neglected decking back to life.
Bleaching splintering decks
Your first order of business is the easiest. Mix up a solution of half bleach, half water and spray down your entire decking. If you see areas of deck mold (not unlikely if it's been a while since your deck's been treated), hit those especially hard and work at them with a scrub brush until the mold has been removed. Finally, wait for the deck to dry before moving on to the next step.
The bleach does two things: It kills deck mold and mildew, and it bleaches the wood to a uniform color, preparing it for treatment. If you treat a deck that's at the point of splintering without applying bleach, you'll end up with dark, unattractive decking. Using bleach will bring out the natural wood look you're trying to recover.
Sand it down
Once the bleach solution has dried off the deck (it's a good idea to give it about 24 hours, just to be sure), you can move on to sanding. Since splintering decks mean lots of painful slivers for bare feet, it's important that you sand down your deck so that you're once again working with a smooth surface. Renting a large floor sander will certainly speed up the job, though the railings, banisters, steps and other hard-to-reach places will probably need to be done with a hand sander or sandpaper. Finally, rent a power washer and clean off the deck. It's going to be covered in a fine layer of dust from the sanding, and you'll need to get rid of that if you want your sealer to take properly.
Treat the deck
Once the deck has dried out a second time, you're ready to treat the deck. Using a power sprayer drastically reduces the time it takes to treat a deck, though it can be done with paint Related Articles Part 3: How to choose outdoor furniture
Part 2: Outfitting the outdoor kitchen
What you need to know when hiring a tree service
Millennials do away with the top sheet: ‘It's archaic'
Part 1: Designing an outdoor getaway rollers and brushes if you've got the patience. Just be sure to watch out for drips and runs, and to brush them up quickly. Waiting until after the deck is dry to try to get rid of them is almost impossible. Finally, remember to treat your deck on a regular basis (at least every few years). It's the only sure-fire way to prevent problems like splintering, cracking, rot and mold.
Hiring a contractor to fix splintering decks
While it's possible to repair decking yourself, it's a time-consuming and laborious job — especially if you don't have the right tools. A decking contractor is experienced enough to repair decking of all sorts, and they will also have the supplies and know-how to get it done right in a fraction of the time. For this reason, many homeowners find hiring a decking pro to be worth the extra cost.
MINNEAPOLIS — Federal jurors have sided with 3M Co. in a lawsuit brought by a South Carolina man who contended a surgical infection he suffered was caused by the Minnesota company's patient-warming device.
The jury in Minneapolis decided Wednesday that 76-year-old Louis Gareis had not shown that 3M's Bair Hugger device caused his problem during hip-replacement surgery in 2010.
Gareis' attorneys said an appeal will be filed. 3M says the company “is grateful that the jury put science first.”
The Star Tribune reports the case was the first of thousands of individual lawsuits pending against Maplewood-based 3M to go to a jury.
The Bair Hugger is used in more than 80 per cent of U.S. hospitals during surgery to maintain the patient's normal body temperature before, during and after a surgery.
——
Information from: Star Tribune, http://www.startribune.com
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency is putting Dayton on the list. Dayton is now one of four cities where the DEA is rolling out its new 360 programs to tackle the opioid crisis from all angles.
In 2016, the DEA implemented the 360 program in four cities, including Louisville and Pittsburgh. This year, they're choosing Dayton to be part of the program. 2 NEWS spoke with a representative from the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office Monday about the potential success the program could bring to the Miami Valley.
“You'll probably never stop it entirely as we haven't stopped a lot of things over the years,” Montgomery County Criminal Intelligence Center Director Bruce Langos said. “But if we can reduce the amount of demand for the drug and at the same time we're attacking the supply side and we tighten that as tight as we can, then we're very likely to see results.”
The DEA 360 strategy addresses the opioid crisis from 3 angles; law enforcement, diversion control and community outreach. They believe by eliminating drug traffickers, raising awareness about over-prescribing, and building drug-free communities, they can curb opioid use in the areas hit the hardest like Montgomery County. The program is already seeing some progress in places like Louisville, where an after-school dance program for kids pairs choreography with drug education.
“If you make it fun for them and make it interesting for them,” Langos said. “And they learn something from it at the same time and you can do it in a fun way, then I think they capture it better.”
Montgomery County Criminal Intelligence Center Director Bruce Langos says they're also seeing progress in Pittsburgh, where the 360 strategy was also implemented last year.
“They've done very well in the law enforcement community of fostering their partnerships,” Langos said. “With all of the law enforcement agencies and then trying to attack the drug traffickers in a combined unified approach.”
Right now, Langos says it's too early to gauge the program's success, but he says anything with a clear focus and a straight-forward mission can only help curb the nation's opioid crisis.
“This takes a while to have an overall effect,” Langos said. “There's still a lot of work you have to do. The program continues on. This is not a flash in the pan activity. It's pretty progressive and consistent.”
The DEA will officially role out it's 360 strategy with the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office on Thursday. We'll be there and be sure to let you know what happens.
Reps to investigate NDPC over alleged $1.5bn national revenue loss
The House of Representatives has resolved to investigate alleged infractions in the operations of the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) and the loss of 1.5 billion dollars national revenue.
This was sequel to a unanimous adoption of a motion by Rep. Ahmed Abu (Niger-APC) at plenary on Wednesday.
Earlier, Abu had said that NPDC, a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), currently owned and operated several oil and gas fields and infrastructure in the Niger Delta.
Apart from creating additional source of revenue for the country, Abu said that NPDC was established to also develop Nigeria's local capacity in the industry for sustainable development and profitability.
He, however, disclosed that allegations of unethical and questionable actions in the company appeared to be hindering the attainment of its objectives.
According to him, 29 years after the establishment of NPDC, it still appears to lack the capacity to compete favourably in the oil and gas industry.
“NPDC is reported to be consistently ceding its core activities to third party private entities without due procurement process in Strategic Alliance Agreements that involve the provision of funds by those entities to carry out exploration.''
He also said that the act of giving out its operational rights to private ventures had resulted in the company's inability to reconcile the revenue generated and amount of crude lifted, leading to speculations of loss of over 1.5 billion dollars revenue.
Abu said that there were allegations that most of those third-party entities were newly registered companies with little or no technical experience, financial capability to carry out the duties and to meet the terms of Strategic Alliance Agreements.
He alleged that the private entities were owned by cronies of members of the management of NPDC and other interested parties, adding that the firms had access to the company's funds obtained from government's appropriation.
Abu added that there were reports that claimed that the nation was losing billions of Naira daily from the outrageously inflated recurring expenditure on the operations of the NPDC.
He, therefore, called for the probe of the company's activities, including financial transactions.
In his ruling, the Speaker of the house, Mr. Yakubu Dogara, referred the matter to the Committee on Petroleum (Upstream) for further action.
The post Reps to investigate NDPC over alleged $1.5bn national revenue loss appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Donald Trump pumps his fist as he arrives at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
Evan Vucci, AP
A federal judge in Washington has tossed out a lawsuit claiming President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign conspired with Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee.
However, Judge Ellen Huvelle wrote that her ruling was "not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election."
The ruling came hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee said it agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government tried to undercut Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while promoting Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Huvelle, an appointee of former President Bill Clinton, said the conspiracy claims in the lawsuit centered around meetings between Trump staffers and Russian operatives in New York, making New York the proper place for the lawsuit. New York, however, does not recognize the specific tort claims pressed in the suit.
The suit was filed on behalf of DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum and former DNC staffer Scott Comer. It claims the hack invaded their privacy, attempted to inflict emotional distress and violated their right to support the candidate of their choice.
More: Senate panel says Russia intervened in 2016 election to help Trump
More: House panel subpoenas FBI agent who wrote anti-Trump texts
The lawsuit alleges that computer hackers working on behalf of the Russian government hacked into the email systems of the DNC and obtained "voluminous amounts of data," including emails and other documents sent to and from thousands of individuals.
They claim the hack was "part of a deliberate campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump" and that the Trump campaign, specifically former operative Roger Stone, conspired with unidentified Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails.
Almost 20,000 emails were published in July 2016, days before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Some suggested that the Democratic National Committee had been working behind the scenes to ensure Clinton was nominated over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ultimately resigned under pressure amid the ensuing controversy.
Protect Democracy, which filed the suit, said it was examining its options regarding an appeal or refiling somewhere else.
"While we are disappointed in and respectfully disagree with today's decision from the District Court to dismiss this case on the grounds that it does not belong in Washington, D.C., this case is far from over," the group said in a statement.
U.S. intelligence agencies, in a 2017 report, wrote that Russian President Vladimir Putin "ordered an influence campaign backing Trump in the 2016 election. The report said Moscow had a "clear preference" for Trump and sought to undercut Clinton while also undermining the U.S. democratic process.
Trump has conducted an unrelenting social media attack on a separate, criminal investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the allegations.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Nat Berhe missed the entire 2015 season with a nagging calf injury that eventually needed surgery to remove a blood clot, ruining his second year with the Giants. “Probably one...
Odell and the Others. That is the state of affairs for the Giants when it comes to figuring out who will catch Eli Manning's passes from the wide-receiver position next...
1010 WINS anchor owes $225K in legal fees for failed defamation suit A 1010 WINS news anchor and his wife must pay $225,000 in legal fees for their failed New Jersey defamation case against their blogging Hoboken neighbors, the trial judge has...
1010 WINS anchor loses $2M defamation suit A 1010 WINS newsreader lost his $2 million defamation case against his blogging Hoboken neighbors — and he may now have to pay their legal fees. A Hudson Court...
Radio news anchor sues neighbor for defaming blog posts Give him 22 minutes and he'll give you the world — but label him a crummy dad who's under federal investigation and this 1010 WINS news anchor is going to...
Thug who beat up 1010 WINS anchor lands 5 years in jail The homeless thug who brutally beat 1010 Wins anchor Brian Carey over a botched pizza order was sentenced Monday to five years in prison. Elton Anthony, 49 — who had admitted...
Homeless man cops plea deal in beating of 1010 WINS anchor The homeless man who pummeled 1010 WINS radio news anchor Brian Carey in his Upper East Side apartment over a bungled pizza order copped a plea to assault Monday in...
Islanders move into playoff spot after another big goalie outing RALEIGH, N.C. — After allowing 19 goals in his previous four games, Thomas Greiss finally had the breakthrough night he and the Islanders were looking for. Greiss stopped 45 shots...
Rangers' futility against the Islanders reaches a new low Henrik Lundqvist battled off a barrage of shots in a matter of seconds, ending up sprawled on the ice with three Rangers setting up a barricade in the crease behind...
Islanders waste momentum as playoff race tightens up In order for the Islanders' comeback for the ages on Friday to be more than just a footnote, they needed to follow it up and turn it into some momentum....
Doug Weight's top-line tweaks pay off for Islanders Doug Weight was non-committal about how long they will last, but the Islanders coach rolled out a new top two lines Saturday. It was a simple tweak — flipping Anthony...
Islanders make multiple comebacks to pick up crucial win For 82 seconds in the second period Saturday night, the Islanders held a lead. They had fought back from an early slumber to go up by a goal on the...
Islanders fall in OT despite pair from Anthony Beauvillier GLENDALE, Ariz. — Nick Cousins scored his second goal of the game 2:21 into overtime to lift the Coyotes to a 3-2 win over the Islanders on Monday night. Anthony...
Islanders dominate in offensive masterpiece CHICAGO — The Islanders played like a desperate team looking to move up the standings in one of the NHL's most competitive divisions. Facing a similar situation, the Blackhawks turned...
Islanders about to get back a key piece There was a glimmer of good news on the Islanders' injury front Tuesday for the first time in a while. Josh Bailey will skate Wednesday at practice and could make...
Islanders throttle lifeless Rangers after long break If the devil is in the details, then the Rangers are finding out just how difficult the Metropolitan Division is going to be. The Blueshirts once again saw the stark...
HARROGATE, Tenn. — Newberry fell to Lincoln Memorial by scores of 16-10 and 11-8 on Saturday afternoon in a battle of two of the South Atlantic Conference's top teams.
Newberry lost to the Railsplitters on Friday after a seven-run explosion in the seventh inning lifted the Railsplitters to a 10-6 win and helped break a four-way tie atop the league standings during the penultimate weekend of conference play.
Newberry (28-18, 13-8 SAC) entered the weekend tied atop the SAC standings with Lincoln Memorial, Tusculum, and Catawba.
But following the weekend's games, the Railsplitters (27-16, 16-5 SAC) sit tied with Catawba atop the standings with Tusculum and Newberry deadlocked for third after the Catawba Indians' sweep in Greeneville.
Newberry was undone in the first game of the day by a pair of big innings from the homestanding Railsplitters, playing their final games at Lamar Hennon Field before moving into a new facility for the 2018 season. LMU countered a four-run first from the Wolves with five runs of their own, then turning a 7-6 lead into a 13-6 advantage with a six-run sixth that saw 11 men come to the plate.
Newberry opened the game in impressive fashion with a big first inning. Trejon Smith smacked a single through the right side with runners on the corners and two outs to put the Wolves ahead 1-0. Ben Herring then lifted his third home run of the season, an opposite-field three-run shot to right that upped the lead to four runs.
But the Railsplitters bounced back with five runs in the first to take a brief lead. Newberry tied the game with a single run in the second and took the lead on an RBI fielder's choice in the fourth before a pair of Railsplitters' runs in the fourth gave them the lead for good.
Newberry did not go quietly after Lincoln Memorial's big inning. An RBI double by Jeff Sneed put a run on the board before pinch hitter Zach White's two-run homer to right made the score 13-9. A Daymon Totherow double gave Newberry another run in the eighth, but the Railsplitters scored three runs over the final two innings for their final 16-10 margin.
Five Wolves finished the game with multiple hits, including three-hit days from Herring and Sneed. Seven players recorded at least one RBI. Newberry trailed 21-16 in the hits column and gave up two home runs to Lincoln Memorial catcher Russell Clark, who finished the day 3-for-6 with three runs scored and seven RBI's.
The Railsplitters again came from behind in the second game of the day, entering the home half of the sixth inning trailing 7-6 before reeling off five consecutive runs in the frame, highlighted by a bases-clearing double to plate three unearned runs, to vault back into the lead.
Lincoln Memorial had two players net four RBI's apiece in the come-from-behind victory, their third time erasing a deficit against Newberry this weekend.
Danton Hyman and Smith each finished the contest with two hits. Hyman contributed a pair of runs batted in, both coming on a two-run single in a three-run fifth inning for the Wolves.
Newberry returns to action at No. 22 USC Aiken Wednesday before closing the 2017 regular season with three games against Lenoir-Rhyne at the Smith Road Complex.
Lincoln Memorial came from behind to get the best of Newberry over the weekend in baseball. http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_LM-NC-1.jpg Lincoln Memorial came from behind to get the best of Newberry over the weekend in baseball. Courtesy photo
As some cities reaffirm support for sanctuary policies that protect immigrants, Phoenix finds itself in an unusual position to push back against any immigration actions by the new White House.
The Phoenix City Council on Wednesday will discuss a petition to adopt the sanctuary label, following the lead of Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and others in a city with one of the nation's largest populations of immigrants in the country illegally. But the effort is complicated by the fact that Arizona's landmark 2010 immigration law, known as SB1070, bars any Arizona city from becoming a sanctuary.
The Phoenix metro area is home to about 250,000 immigrants in the country illegally, according to a report last week from the Pew Research Center. The report is based on data from 2014. New York, Los Angeles and Houston have the highest number of immigrants who lack legal status.
Cities are doubling down on sanctuary policies in light of an order by President Donald Trump requiring immigration authorities to arrest and deport more people. The city policies vary but essentially bar local police from cooperating with federal immigration authorities.
Phoenix has a Democratic, immigrant-friendly mayor who has denounced Trump, but his hands are tied because of SB1070.
The law requires local police to question the immigration status of people suspected of being in the country illegally while enforcing other laws or in the course of an investigation. Most of the law was gutted by the courts, but city leaders say the surviving sections prevent local government agencies from restricting the enforcement of federal immigration law.
Still, pressure has mounted on Mayor Greg Stanton from immigrant advocacy groups who want the city to adopt sanctuary policies and from police and Republican leaders who oppose the measure.
City attorney Brad Holm says in a letter to the city manager that the petition for sanctuary status is "legally impermissible."
"It demands that the council break state law. If the petition were adopted, a court could fine the city for breaking the law, and the attorney general could seek forfeiture of state-shared revenue," Holm wrote.
Stanton last week blasted the Trump administration over the deportation of 35-year-old Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, a Phoenix-area woman who until now had been granted leniency by Obama policies that aimed to protect immigrants without violent pasts and who have ties to the community. Garcia de Rayos was arrested in Phoenix during a routine check-in with U.S. Immigration Customs Enforcement and was deported the next day to Nogales, Mexico.
"Rather than tracking down violent criminals and drug dealers, ICE is spending its energy deporting a woman with two American children who has lived here for more than two decades and poses a threat to nobody," Stanton wrote on Twitter.
Stanton denounced Garcia de Rayos' deportation, but immigration activists called on him to use his power and not just his voice.
"If there was ever a time when we need your courage and we need you to stand up and we need you to put actions behind saying that Phoenix PD is not gonna become a mass deportation machine, it's now," said Francisca Porchas, of Puente Arizona, an immigrant rights group. "This is when we need Mayor Stanton, the city council, the state, everybody who is of conscience to stand up and defy this racist law."
The price America pays for out-of-control special prosecutors Call this the year of the wolf. I'm referring to a warning about special prosecutors and their ability to shake presidential confidence, from the pen of one of our most...
Senate confirms Neil Gorsuch as Supreme Court justice The Republican-controlled Senate confirmed Neil Gorsuch's appointment as the nation's 113th Supreme Court justice on Friday following a fierce partisan confrontation. The vote, almost entirely along party lines, was 54-45....
Lindsey Graham mistakenly kills off Justice Alito Oops. Sen. Lindsey Graham killed off Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito on Tuesday. “Justice Alito passed away in February,” the South Carolina Republican said as he questioned Supreme Court nominee...
Trump invites families of those killed by illegal immigrants to speech President Trump has invited the family members of those killed by illegal immigrants and the widow of Justice Antonin Scalia to attend his address to a joint session of Congress...
Trump picks a Scalia-clone to fill empty Supreme Court seat President Trump vowed to choose a Supreme Court nominee “much in the mold” of Justice Antonin Scalia — and in tapping Judge Neil Gorsuch, he did just that. Long before...
Trump's Supreme Court pick will spark first major fight with Congress President Trump will announce his Supreme Court pick during a Tuesday evening address, and is expected to name either Neil Gorsuch or Thomas Hardiman as his choice to fill the...
Why the Supreme Court fight is sure to go nuclear President Trump is scheduled to announce his nominee for the vacant US Supreme Court seat this week. There should be no illusions about the confirmation battle that will follow. No...
Trump says he'll name Supreme Court nominee next week President Trump will meet with Senate leaders on Tuesday to talk about his nominee to serve on the Supreme Court — and said he would name his choice next week....
Trump to name Supreme Court nominee soon after taking office WASHINGTON – Donald Trump plans to name his Supreme Court nominee very quickly — around the time he's sworn-in as the 45th president, his incoming chief of staff said Wednesday....
The location for WWE WrestleMania 34 has been revealed and it's a return to a city that hosted not long ago.
Perhaps the greatest singular moment within WWE was at WrestleMania 30 in the main event. Daniel Bryan winning the WWE World Heavyweight Championship as the payoff to a true underdog story told wonderfully over many months was fantastic. The SuperDome in New Orleans, LA was rocking on that night for a Mania that also featured Brock Lesnar ending The Undertaker's streak. With such history there, it only stands to reason that the event returns soon—as in WWE WrestleMania 34 from New Orleans type of soon.
According to Ryan Satin of Pro Wrestling Sheet broke the news on Sunday that WWE WrestleMania 34's location will be in New Orleans. Though the report doesn't specifically say so, Satin mentions a return to where WrestleMania 30 took place, which would of course mean another event under the dome.
Obviously WWE isn't naive enough to think that just because it's in the same city and building that WWE WrestleMania 34 can replicate the show that will have happened four years prior. However, the city of New Orleans did provide a great atmosphere and the SuperDome is a great venue for a show of that magnitude. You get the benefit of being indoors so weather isn't a factor, but also have a high-capacity venue to pack fans into.
Considering how quickly things change in WWE and pro wrestling in general, it's pointless to speculate as to what the card could be for WWE WrestleMania 34. Heck, we don't even have dates for the event yet. But we do know where it's going to be held. So if you're a fan dedicated to making it to Mania, go ahead and get ready to head back to New Orleans. That's where WWE is taking you in 2018.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Refrigerator istock/Anna_Om Your fridge could make you sick if you don't clean it every once in a while. NSF International swabbed 20 Michigan kitchens as part of its 2013 Household Germ Study, and two of the germiest places were the vegetable and meat compartments in refrigerators. First, unplug the fridge and empty it out. Toss old containers and expired food ( Your fridge could make you sick if you don't clean it every once in a while. NSF International swabbed 20 Michigan kitchens as part of its 2013 Household Germ Study, and two of the germiest places were the vegetable and meat compartments in refrigerators. First, unplug the fridge and empty it out. Toss old containers and expired food ( these are the foods you should never keep in a fridge ), and wipe everything down with multipurpose spray. Soak drawers in warm water and scrub them clean with dish soap.
Pillows istock/eugenesergeev Yes, you can put down and fiberfill pillows in the washing machine. Wash two at a time following the instructions on the care label. Otherwise, warm water on a gentle cycle will do the trick. The same settings work for your comforter (which can also use a washing). If you don't sleep well after the wash, it may be time to Yes, you can put down and fiberfill pillows in the washing machine. Wash two at a time following the instructions on the care label. Otherwise, warm water on a gentle cycle will do the trick. The same settings work for your comforter (which can also use a washing). If you don't sleep well after the wash, it may be time to replace your pillows
Windowsills and window tracks istock/Maximkostenko It's easy to tell when your windows are dirty, but windowsills and tracks often go unnoticed. Dust away any loose dirt and dead bugs (or use a vacuum with a brush attachment). Use a spray bottle of white vinegar to spray the area and let it sit for a minute. Wipe with paper towels and use Q-Tips for those hard-to-reach areas. For clean windows all year long, follow these It's easy to tell when your windows are dirty, but windowsills and tracks often go unnoticed. Dust away any loose dirt and dead bugs (or use a vacuum with a brush attachment). Use a spray bottle of white vinegar to spray the area and let it sit for a minute. Wipe with paper towels and use Q-Tips for those hard-to-reach areas. For clean windows all year long, follow these clever cleaning solutions
Content continues below ad
Kitchen drawers and cabinets istock/TerryJ It's probably a good idea to keep the places you store all your food and dishes clean, right? Empty them out (preferably one at a time to avoid unnecessary clutter), toss expired food, and wipe everything down. Before returning everything to its rightful place, see if there's any dishware you haven't used all year. It would probably be better off donated. Just don't give away any It's probably a good idea to keep the places you store all your food and dishes clean, right? Empty them out (preferably one at a time to avoid unnecessary clutter), toss expired food, and wipe everything down. Before returning everything to its rightful place, see if there's any dishware you haven't used all year. It would probably be better off donated. Just don't give away any items thrift stores really don't want
Patio furniture istock/TimAbramowitz As the weather warms up, why not make sure your patio furniture looks good as new before you actually start using it? The best part: As the weather warms up, why not make sure your patio furniture looks good as new before you actually start using it? The best part: You only have to clean it once a year
Garage istock/JodiJacobson Organizing your garage is just as important as actually cleaning it. You'd be amazed how much stuff accumulates in there over time—and how much you actually don't need. Luckily, there are ways to find Organizing your garage is just as important as actually cleaning it. You'd be amazed how much stuff accumulates in there over time—and how much you actually don't need. Luckily, there are ways to find new, improved uses for the junk in your garage
Content continues below ad
Shower curtain istock/Lokibaho Soap scum and mildew stains are haunting your shower curtain, but it doesn't take long to clean them. Just toss it in the washing machine with any of these Soap scum and mildew stains are haunting your shower curtain, but it doesn't take long to clean them. Just toss it in the washing machine with any of these homemade cleaning solutions
All the cards in your wallet istock/cveltri You use them almost every day, probably without thinking of how many times you touch them and how few times you've actually cleaned them (the answer: zero). A 2012 study found that one in 10 bank cards were contaminated with fecal matter. Wipe the card with a damp cloth or anti-bacterial wipe, then gently scrub the magnetic strip with an eraser. You use them almost every day, probably without thinking of how many times you touch them and how few times you've actually cleaned them (the answer: zero). A 2012 study found that one in 10 bank cards were contaminated with fecal matter. Wipe the card with a damp cloth or anti-bacterial wipe, then gently scrub the magnetic strip with an eraser.
Keys istock/akinshin Keys are another item you use daily, so they can definitely use a wash. To keep them clean and prevent rust, scrub with lemon and salt and rinse with dish soap. If they're already rusty, soak them in a vinegar and water mixture for 20 minutes, rinse, then put them back in for another 30 minutes. This ensures the rust comes out completely. Keys are another item you use daily, so they can definitely use a wash. To keep them clean and prevent rust, scrub with lemon and salt and rinse with dish soap. If they're already rusty, soak them in a vinegar and water mixture for 20 minutes, rinse, then put them back in for another 30 minutes. This ensures the rust comes out completely.
Content continues below ad
Garbage bins istock/RyanJLane Their name implies that garbage bins are supposed to be dirty, but washing them out with a hose every once in a while will make taking out the trash a slightly less painful chore. Their name implies that garbage bins are supposed to be dirty, but washing them out with a hose every once in a while will make taking out the trash a slightly less painful chore.
Door knobs istock/silverlining56 They may not have as many germs as once thought, but think: Have you ever cleaned a door knob or a drawer handle? Ever? Take a few minutes and wipe down the most touched knobs in your house. They may not have as many germs as once thought, but think: Have you ever cleaned a door knob or a drawer handle? Ever? Take a few minutes and wipe down the most touched knobs in your house.
Area rugs istock/irina88w Vacuuming rugs is easy enough to remember, but lift them up and you'll find a whole lot of dirt and dust hiding in plain sight. Vacuuming rugs is easy enough to remember, but lift them up and you'll find a whole lot of dirt and dust hiding in plain sight.
Content continues below ad
Small appliances istock/BrianAJackson This includes microwaves, toasters, blenders, coffee pots, and any other small cooking appliances in the kitchen. Follow these This includes microwaves, toasters, blenders, coffee pots, and any other small cooking appliances in the kitchen. Follow these instructions to give each one a thorough cleaning, then be sure to clean underneath them as well.
Toys istock/FatCamera Your child's rubber ducky is a sneakily perfect location for mold. Take necessary precautions to Your child's rubber ducky is a sneakily perfect location for mold. Take necessary precautions to prevent and remove mold on any bath toys. For that large bin of dolls and plastic trains, enlist your kids to help. Spend an afternoon going through toy bins, separating ones they want to keep and ones to donate, and clean each toy before putting it back. You can watch a funny family movie to make the time pass faster.
Computer and TV screens istock/Rawpixel First things first: Make sure your devices are turned off and cooled off before you start cleaning. Wipe away dust and loose dirt with a soft cloth. Dip that cloth into a solution equal parts water and isopropyl alcohol and wring it out (it should be damp, but not wet). Gently wipe the screen and dry with a second cloth. And as long as you're cleaning technological appliances, First things first: Make sure your devices are turned off and cooled off before you start cleaning. Wipe away dust and loose dirt with a soft cloth. Dip that cloth into a solution equal parts water and isopropyl alcohol and wring it out (it should be damp, but not wet). Gently wipe the screen and dry with a second cloth. And as long as you're cleaning technological appliances, here's how to clean your phone
Content continues below ad
Reusable grocery and laundry bags istock/Rawpixel Think of all the places these bags have been: the floor, the trunk of your car, the kitchen counter, the table at the Laundromat. It's time to give them a good cleaning. Throw them in the washing machine on a hot water regular cycle with the rest of your clothes. They can go in the dryer too. Here are more Think of all the places these bags have been: the floor, the trunk of your car, the kitchen counter, the table at the Laundromat. It's time to give them a good cleaning. Throw them in the washing machine on a hot water regular cycle with the rest of your clothes. They can go in the dryer too. Here are more things you never knew you could put in the washing machine
Reusable water bottles istock/tezzstock You're helping the environment. You're
You're helping the environment. You're staying hydrated . Now use your reusable water bottle to stay healthy and add it to your next load of dirty dishes.
Content continues below ad
The Department of Justice (DOJ) has submitted a request seeking to revise questions relating to sexual orientation and gender identity on a key survey that collects data on victims of crime.
The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) is the nation's primary source of information on criminal victimization, and it has been asking respondents 16 and older about their sexual orientation and gender identity since July 2016.
The DOJ's Bureau of Justice Statistics requested that the minimum age for answering these questions be raised from 16 to 18, citing "concerns about the potential sensitivity of these questions for adolescents," according to the official document with the submitted request.
Administered annually since 1973, the survey currently collects information from a nationally representative sample of 135,000 households, roughly 225,000 people, on the victims of nonfatal personal crimes such as rape, sexual assault, robbery and aggravated assault.
Respondents provide information about themselves such as age, sex, race, marital status, income and whether they experienced a victimization. The survey also collects data about the offender, the characteristics of the crime and whether or not it was reported. Respondents are ages 12 and older.
Adam Romero is the director of legal scholarship and federal policy at the Williams Institute at UCLA School of Law. He told NBC News the survey is an important tool for collecting data on LGBTQ people, a community that suffers high rates of violence.
"It's important to note that those questions are voluntary and confidential," Romero said of the proposed revision. "According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, it's making this move due to the potential sensitivity to 16 and 17 year olds, but those questions aren't any more sensitive than others on the survey."
The New York City Anti-Violence Project (AVP), an organization dedicated to tracking and curbing violence against LGBTQ people, strongly criticized the DOJ's request.
"This survey is one of the main sources of data on crime, and it is vital for informing policy related to all forms of violence in ensuring that victims, even youth, can access support," Emily Waters, senior manager of national research at AVP, told NBC News. "We know that LGBTQ youth experience high rates of violence, and our government should be seeking to better understand this violence, not rendering it invisible."
Ellen Kahn, director of the Children, Youth and Families Program at the Human Rights Campaign, an LGBTQ advocacy group, told NBC News young people are usually keenly aware of their gender identity at a young age, and she said sexual orientation can emerge and be "quite clear" as early as 11 or 12, even if it isn't necessarily static.
She added that collecting data on LGBTQ teens is key to understanding and addressing the disparities they face.
"Some of the greatest vulnerabilities are experiences with bullying in schools, and overrepresentation of LGBTQ youth both in foster care and among the population of homeless youth," she said, factors that make them more susceptible to being victims of a crime.
This is not the first time under the Trump administration that a government agency has been accused of erasing lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals from federal questionnaires.
In March of last year, advocates were outraged after the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) removed questions about LGBTQ seniors from an annual survey that determines services for elderly Americans.
Then just last month, government watchdog group Sunlight Foundation released a report that found the Department of Health and Human services had quietly removed lesbian and bisexual content from its women's health website last fall.
Romero said government agencies should lead the way in "improving our knowledge of the LGBTQ population."
"It makes no sense to not try to better understand the problem, so we can design policies and interventions based on the best available evidence," he added.
The DOJ's proposed revision to the NCVS is currently accepting comments until May 11 and will be implemented within six months pending approval from the Office of Management and Budget.
The DOJ declined NBC News' request for comment.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Nivea has become embroiled in a race row after an “appalling” face cream ad that promises “visibly lighter skin” for black women.
The beauty brand is advertising its new Natural Fairness moisturizer to women living in Nigeria, Ghana, Cameroon and Senegal.
Billboards show former Miss Nigeria Omowunmi Akinnifesi using the moisturizer to lighten her skin.
The German company also have a TV ad for the product showing a black model's skin becoming lighter after she applies the cream.
People have taken to social media to express their outrage and disgust that they should want “fairer”s kin, and have been using the hashtag #PULLITDOWN to demand the removal of the adverts.
London entrepreneur William Adoasi slammed the TV commercial.
Sharing a clip of it online, he wrote: “This is why black businesses need to rise up and cater for our needs.
Nivea can't get away with pushing this skin lightening agenda across Africa. Appalling.”
Fuse ODG, a British hip hop artist of Ghanaian descent, has also slammed the Nivea campaign.
He said: “Kindly take down these billboards you have placed all over our beloved countries in Africa.
“I saw this one with my own eyes today in Ghana and we love our complexion the way it is. And if you don't take these down. We will.
“Every African everywhere should stop buying any Nivea product. Tag the Nivea branch from your country so they understand how foolish this is!”
The ad comes just one week after Dove was forced to apologize after an ad appeared to show a black woman turn white after washing with its products.
The beauty brand acknowledged it had “missed the mark” after the Facebook ad sparked a backlash that saw the company accused of racism.
The advert showed a black woman removing a T-shirt revealing a white woman underneath. The white woman then removes her T-shirt to reveal an Asian woman.
Hundreds of furious social media users have called for a boycott of Dove products calling the ad “disgraceful.”
The Thomas Fire in California's Ventura and Santa Barbara counties has consumed more than 230,000 acres over the past week — becoming the fifth largest fire in the state's history and continuing to send firefighters scrambling to control the blaze, officials said on Monday.
Crews had 15 percent of the fire under control as of Monday morning, up from the 10 percent reported contained on Sunday night, according to state fire officials.
Photos: California Coast Battles Massive Wildfire
The fire began on Nov. 4 as a Santa Ana wind-driven brush fire and morphed into a massive wildfire — stoked by high winds and feeding on tinder-dry conditions — that thousands of firefighters are still battling as of Monday afternoon.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Thomas Fire grows larger than more Californians evacuate 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Five fires covering more than a quarter of a million acres continue to rage across Southern California, with 9,000 firefighters combating the flames, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, or Cal Fire. Roughly 257,000 acres have burned and destroyed more than 1,000 structures in total.
However, the Thomas Fire has far surpassed the damage of the other blazes. It has threatened 18,000 homes and sent 95,000 residents fleeing, officials said. It has already destroyed nearly 800 structures and damaged 187 others, according to Cal Fire.
Firefighters move away from a burning house after discovering downed live power lines near Carpinteria. Mark Ralston / AFP - Getty Images
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office issued evacuation orders on Sunday for the area spanning Buena Vista Drive to Toro Canyon Road from SR-192 north to Camino Cielo. Authorities also issued mandatory evacuation orders for localities in Ventura County, including the City of Ventura, Ojai, Rose Valley, and the unincorporated area of Fillmore.
Officials said fire weather could set off more blazes in the region, particularly the Santa Barbara communities of Montecito and Summerland. Gusty Santa Ana winds could push the blaze west and very low fuel moistures, which indicates fire potential, along with high temperatures and low humidity could ignite potential fires on the west and north sides, authorities said.
Firefighters watch after setting a backfire at night to make progress. David McNew / Getty Images
And while some residents have been able to go back to evacuated homes, officials warned that there are residual dangers.
"When you are able to return home after a wildfire, it doesn't mean that all of the danger is gone,' Cal Fire said in a statement. "Fire damage on your property and the surrounding area has more potential hazards than you might think."
California fire officials offered a webpage with tips for staying safe.
The average Brit considers themselves to be 79 percent good – and 21 percent bad, according to a new study.
Researchers took an in depth look into how the nation sees themselves - with some surprising results.
According to the data most of us (45 percent) claim we would do anything for anyone, while a further 28 percent would consider themselves to be a “good egg”.
However, behind the smiles and the niceties, 90 percent of us claim to have a dark side – with the average Brit owning up to doing something bad six times in the last 12 months.
Saying something spiteful to hurt someone else (25 percent), sharing a secret had promised you'd keep to yourself (22 percent) and kissing someone you shouldn't make Brits naughty list.
One in twenty (5 percent) even admitted to having an extra marital affair and 16 percent have sworn at a stranger in the street after a minor disagreement.
The ‘good v bad' study, which was carried out by online casino playojo.com also revealed women claim they are more likely to have a dark side than men (61 percent).
In fact, a sinister one in ten (11 percent) of the 1,500 adults polled said they have a dark side that no one knows about.
Yesterday a spokesperson for playojo.com casino said: “On the whole the research shows most people consider themselves to be good person - but we all have a tendency to go off piste from time to time.
“The research highlighted that most people are aware of their weaknesses whether that be telling a few fibs, losing our temper or snooping at something we shouldn't.
“No one can be perfect all the time and we are all capable of behaving badly when tired, stressed or under pressure.
“We realised there was a level of distrust among players in the online casino industry and we pledged to give them a more rewarding and fairer alternative.
“At PlayOJO.com we've re-written the rules for online gaming – We give players back control of their money with no sneaky terms and conditions in the small print. We don't have wagering requirements and we give money back on every bet, win or lose. In fact, we're not bad for an online casino.”
To keep our dark side in check more than two thirds (67 percent) of the population felt they need the occasional chance to misbehave.
And nearly two thirds (64 percent) of respondents said they find people who are ‘holier than thou' a bit boring and felt it was good to have an edgier side.
High stress levels and a bad temper were the most common weaknesses of those polled with a quarter complaining that money was their Achilles heel.
Telling lies, the opposite sex and alcohol were also listed as common character flaws the survey found.
A quarter of the adults polled (24 percent) said they have suffered life changing consequences as a result of being badly behaved and 39 percent said they often felt guilty after getting up to something they shouldn't.
Nearly half of Brits said they often come across as sweetness and light but harbour vicious thoughts about people they dislike.
BRITS MOST COMMON MISDEMEANOURS….
1. Lied about how much money you have spent
2. Said something spiteful to someone
3. Told a secret you said you would keep quiet
4. Lied about your whereabouts
5. Sworn at a stranger
6. Flirted with someone you shouldn't
7. Lied about how much you drink
8. Snubbed someone in the street
9. Committed road rage
10. Snooped on someone's emails
11. Kissed someone I shouldn't have
12. Carried out an act of revenge on someone you don't like
13. Told a lie to hurt someone
14. Sent a naked selfie to someone
15. Sexted someone you shouldn't
16. Lied on a CV or interview
17. Stitched someone up at work
18. Had an affair
Atletico Madrid are wasting no time in getting Diego Costa into shape following his recent signing from Chelsea.
After a pre-season spent relaxing in Brazil as he pushed for his return to Atleti, Costa is now getting down to business to get himself fit for January, when his new club's transfer ban ends and they will be able to register him as their player.
In the meantime, he is being pushed hard by Oscar Ezequiel ‘Profe' Ortega, Atletico's Uruguayan fitness coach, as you can see in the footage below.
World Water Day – Nature for Water
ROME, Mar 19 2018 (IPS) - The UN General Assembly will launch the International Decade for Action: Water for sustainable development (2018-2028) on World Water Day, 22 March 2018. According to UNGA President Miroslav Lajcak, outlining his priorities for 2018, the event will “contribute to the review of SDG 6” during the 2018 session of the UN High-level Political Forum on Sustainable Development (HLPF).
Today, there are over 663 million people living without a safe water supply close to home, spending countless hours queuing or trekking to distant sources, and coping with the health impacts of using contaminated water.
This year's theme Nature for Water explores how we can use nature to overcome the water challenges of the 21st century.
Environmental damage, together with climate change, is driving the water-related crises we see around the world. Floods, drought and water pollution are all made worse by degraded vegetation, soil, rivers and lakes.
When we neglect our ecosystems, we make it harder to provide everyone with the water we need to survive and thrive.
Nature-based solutions have the potential to solve many of our water challenges. We need to do so much more with ‘green' infrastructure and harmonize it with ‘grey' infrastructure wherever possible. Planting new forests, reconnecting rivers to floodplains, and restoring wetlands will rebalance the water cycle and improve human health and livelihoods.
Sustainable Development Goal 6 – ensuring availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all by 2030 – includes a target to halve the proportion of untreated wastewater and increase water recycling and safe reuse.
World Water Day is coordinated by UN-Water – the UN's inter-agency collaboration mechanism for all freshwater related issues – in collaboration with governments and partners.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
When Prince Harry and American actress Meghan Markle tie the knot on May 19, they'll be live on news networks across the globe and plastered across the covers of special magazine issues.
Royal weddings, with their pomp and splendor, only come along every so often — and media companies are making sure they rake in every last dollar available.
“The potential for revenue generation wrapped up in a royal wedding is huge and it runs into the multi-millions,” said Mike Bloxham, senior vice president of global media and entertainment at the media advisory firm Magid. “There is no end of things that creative media owners and creative ad sales teams can do to generate significant revenue.”
The wedding is a welcome respite for print and digital media companies that have encountered a tough ad market in recent years. For network TV and cable news networks that have been buoyed by political drama in Washington lately, the royal wedding opens up new categories of advertisers that otherwise tend to avoid the news.
The stars have aligned for media companies in a few ways. Interest in the British royal family is at a high point, thanks to no shortage of recent storylines, including Kate and William's new baby boy, Queen Elizabeth II's 92nd birthday and even the death of the Queen's last corgi. The inclusion of an American may boost ratings and readership to new heights.
If that wasn't enough, the wedding is on a Saturday in May, a time that doesn't normally draw major audiences, offering TV companies a chance to maximize their income.
“Not only is it a rare event, it's also being aired on a Saturday morning, giving more Americans the opportunity to tune in,” said Ashwin Navin, chief executive of the data firm Samba TV.
While Prince Harry isn't directly in line for the throne, his marriage to Markle, who appeared on the USA Network's legal drama “Suits,” is sure to excite more Americans than previous royal events. Markle is biracial, divorced and had a successful TV career before she met Prince Harry, making her a relatable future royal.
“Obviously the royal family has been seen as distant,” said Julie Alvin, senior digital director of the lifestyle group at publisher Meredith, which houses InStyle and Real Simple magazines among others. “But she seems approachable and not of an impossibly high social tier. A lot of women of color are saying, ‘A woman like me is entering the whitest family on earth.'”
In print, the gold rush has already started. Town & Country has already published “American Princess,” a $13.99 magazine on “her style, her story,” that includes a “photo history of American Royals Past and Present.”
Town & Country's editor-in-chief, Stellene Volandes, notes the magazine is planning special events with jewelry companies, which are keen to exploit interest.
“That morning the whole world will be in front of their TV and phones waiting to see her emerge,” she said. “There is a huge insatiable appetite from Town & Country magazine readers.”
She said the magazine was already seeing record numbers on its website since news of the wedding was announced. “It's a great opportunity across all categories,” she said.
The Three Lions are into the quarter-finals, but when will their next matches be and who will they play?
England is into the World Cup 2018 quarter-finals after a nail-biting 1-1 draw and a penalty shoot-out against Colombia that saw goalkeeper Jordan Pickford earn hero status while manager Gareth Southgate put to bed the ghosts of a Euro 96 loss in which he missed a penalty.
Advertisement
Of course, this poses some important questions: who will England face in the next round? When will their matches be on TV? And was it really better to finish as runners-up rather than winners of their group?
Well, here's some good news for everyone working 9-5: no matter the scenario, all of England's knockout matches will take place either on a weekend or at 7pm on a weekday.
Here are all the details you need…
What do England needs to do to get in the knockout stages?
Nothing – they've now qualified.
Here are the final standings for Group G…
Team Played Won Drawn Lost GD Points Belgium 3 3 0 0 7 9 England 3 2 0 1 5 6 Tunisia 3 1 0 2 -3 3 Panama 3 0 0 3 -9 0
Is it better England finished 2nd in their World Cup group?
Tricky question. On paper, finishing as runners-up provides a much easier draw. For the full permutations see below, but basically finishing as winners in the group would have meant a probable quarter-final against Brazil. As England finished as runners-up, Sweden await.
Football analyst Ben Mayhew predicted that the chances of reaching the semi-finals if England finished second were roughly 40 per cent. If they finished first, however, that figure dropped to 27 per cent.
I messed up the wording on this the first time, so here's a corrected version of how #ENG's #WorldCup chances are affected by finishing 1st or 2nd tonight. Chances of reaching semi-finals drops from ~40% as runners-up to 27% as winners. For the final it drops from ~20% to ~14%. pic.twitter.com/tYEufBQV11 — Ben Mayhew (@experimental361) June 28, 2018
But as England manager Gareth Southgate would have it, he didn't actually aim to finish second in the group. He previously cautioned against attempting to be too canny with plotting a way through the knockouts – especially when it came down to asking his team not to try against Belgium.
“We have no idea who, when or where we will play,” he said at a recent press conference before the game. “We're just pleased we're in the next round. We're building a team that everyone back home can see are passionate to play for England, that want to win every time they go out and are improving every time.
“We want to win. That would mean we top the group and then we can move forward. I go back to the fact we're trying to develop a winning mentality and I can't imagine a situation where I talk to the players about anything else. It just wouldn't be authentic for what we've been trying to build for the last two years.”
Who will England play in the World Cup quarter-finals?
After their last 16 triumph over Colombia, England will head into a quarter-final with Sweden.
England will play Sweden at 3pm on Saturday 7th July
The match will almost certainly air on BBC1 – the broadcaster has the first two choices of quarter-final games.
When will England play in the World Cup semi-final? Who could they play?
This game, if England get through, will see them play either Croatia or Russia.
England's semi-final is extremely likely to air on ITV, with the broadcaster having first dibs of the semi-final games.
If England wins their quarter-final…
They'll play Wednesday 11th July at 7pm. Check the full World Cup 2018 schedule here.
When is the World Cup final on TV?
Whether England makes it all the way or not, the final will air on Sunday 15th July, 4pm from Moscow. The match will be broadcast on both ITV and BBC1.
When is the World Cup third-place play-off on TV?
The losers of both semi-final games will face off on Saturday 14th July, 3pm at St Petersburg. The match will air on ITV.
Advertisement
Sign up for the free RadioTimes.com newsletter
Dear Amy: My boyfriend and I have been on/off for the last five years.
During the time we were apart, he had another girlfriend. I didn't know about her. He and I maintained a “friends with benefits” relationship during our breaks.
After I became pregnant with his child, I found out that they were very serious. I learned that she was pregnant, too. Our sons were born nine days apart.
They are no longer together, and he and I are trying to work things out, but I can't seem to let their relationship go.
I know that Facebook isn't “life,” but it bothers me that their entire relationship was broadcast on FB, but he won't even acknowledge us as being in a relationship.
He has never posted a picture of us or of our son.
He says he's ashamed of himself (not of me), but I can't help but feel like he's not being truthful. I think he's ashamed of me.
He tells me all the time: “You're not her,” which makes me feel like he wishes he wasn't with me. He says I'm being insecure, and that he's never going to care about Facebook.
I just don't get why he could care about his Facebook status when he was with her, but not with me?
Am I being stupid?
— Worried
Dear Worried: When you ask me if you're being “stupid,” you run the risk of supplying me with a descriptor I'd rather not apply to a woman with a young child. However, this whole situation is unfortunate — because Rome is burning and you're worried about your Facebook status.
I do agree that this status is a sign of where your guy's priorities are, and while I'm not inclined to side with him, I do appreciate his embarrassment over fathering two babies (days apart) with two different women. Yes, he should feel embarrassed. He deceived both women (I imagine), and now his ability to be a good parent to both of his sons is compromised because one baby's mother is insecure and threatened by the other. This impedes his ability to be present in his sons' lives.
Your guy is not in charge of Facebook. You should post whatever photos you want the world to see. When people start to realize that your partner has two sons the same age with different women, he (and you) will face some questions.
Please understand that parenthood will not magically change your guy's character. You should get all of your legal, custodial and financial ducks in a row regarding the child, encourage this man to be a good father to both of his children, but understand that he may not intend to lead a monogamous life.
Dear Amy: My “adult” 23-year-old son is home for the holidays.
He leads a more liberal lifestyle than my husband and me, and suffice it to say not only do our politics not match up, but neither do our hygiene practices.
To be blunt, his BO is killing us! I didn't raise him this way and I absolutely can't stand it.
I just can't embrace not showering daily and not using a daily dose of antiperspirant.
How do you address an awkward and difficult topic with a person who is also awkward and difficult?
— Mother of the Smelly Kid
Dear Mother: I assume you have heard the term “adulting.” This is a recently minted verb to describe the process that people in their 20s are now undertaking to finally exit their lengthy childhoods. Adulting refers to assuming some life skills, such as doing dishes, paying bills, and — yes, cleaning oneself.
I'm assuming that you did teach your son these skills, but your fear of mentioning this now indicates that you are actually afraid to relate to him both as a parent and as a fellow adult.
(This doesn't have anything to do with your politics — or his — by the way.)
Tell your son, “We love having you home. But you've got to wash yourself — and your clothes — while you're here. Let me show you how to use the washer, and let's put in a load.”
Dear Readers: My own life is probably a lot like yours. I've experienced poverty, prosperity, marriage, divorce, remarriage, step-parenting, caretaking, loss and grief. If you've ever been curious about the life behind the advice column, I hope you'll consider picking up my memoir, “Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and Coming Home.” (2017, Hachette).
Digital currencies extended a stellar run Tuesday, with all major coins in the green and on track to extend their winning start to the week.
The No. 1 digital currency added 4% Tuesday, breaking through $9,000 to an intraday high of $9,407.81 A single bitcoin BTCUSD, +5.79% was last worth $9,342.53.
The acceleration in digital currency prices has seen the market cap for all cryptocurrencies increase by $100 billion in the past week, reaching $425 billion Tuesday.
Read: Bitcoin boosted by IMF chief Christine Lagarde's praise
Bitcoin breaks key levels
The surge through $9,000 took bitcoin above the mid-March highs—a critical resistance level for technical onlookers. Furthermore, the move took bitcoin above its 100-day moving average for the first time since Jan. 29.
BTC/USD
“We have definitely seen a trend reversal, weekly momentum has bottomed and from here pull backs will be bought,” said Rob Sluymer, technical strategist at Fundstrat.
Sluymer added that the next resistance band is the $9,677 retracement level and the 200-day moving average, which is currently around $9,800.
Grayscale hires new VP of finance
Digital currency and asset management firm, Grayscale Investments announced Tuesday that it had hired Samantha McDonald as its new v.p. of finance, also overseeing legal and accounting.
“I felt with my background this was a natural transition for me,” said McDonald, who joins Grayscale after four years at SPDR Gold Trust, where she was an integral part in the launch of the GLDW exchange-traded fund (ETF).
In a news release, McDonald said growing products of Grayscale reminds her of the early days at SPDR.
Grayscale is one of the fastest-growing asset management firms, with just shy of $2.7 billion in assets under management at the end of 2017, up from $164 million at the end of 2016. “The growth of products would not be feasible without someone of Samantha's background,” said Michael Sonnenshein, managing director at Grayscale.
Prior to her role at SPDR Gold Trust, McDonald spent two years at Roubini Global Economics.
Grayscale is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digital Currency Group.
What are altcoins and futures doing?
Altcoins continue to outperform, led by Bitcoin Cash. The fourth biggest cryptocurrency has added a further 4.8% Tuesday, reaching an intraday high of $1,560.94 and has risen more than 100% in the past week.
Ether is the best performer of the major coins Tuesday, gaining 7.1% to $688.61, Litecoin is up 5.8% to $160.97 and Ripple's XRP is up 4.4% to 91 cents.
Futures have followed the spot market higher. The Cboe's May contract XBTK8, +6.53% is up 5.3% to $9,350 and the CME Group Inc. April contract BTCJ8, +6.78% has added 5.7%, last trading at $9,350.
CryptoWatch: Check bitcoin and other cryptocurrency prices, performance and market capitalization—all on one dashboard
Big Data Gives Businesses the Nose for Smelling What's Selling
As data starts to permeate every nook and cranny of the retail trade, an incredibly detailed picture of consumer habits is slowly building. Big data is becoming big business.
For a supermarket like Sainsbury's, with data harvested from millions of customers and billions of transactions, this means an opportunity to differentiate.
Sainsbury's has 16% of the UK grocery market, according to recent figures from Kantar Worldwide, but it's looking to data analytics to help it compete more strongly in an increasingly competitive space. According to Andrew Day, chief data officer at their newly established data analytics center of excellence (DACE), improving customer satisfaction, increasing revenues and enthusing staff in-store are at the heart of the plan.
"We have huge amounts of data so we felt we had to try and bring it to life," says Day. "DACE is the result of that thinking and is a collection of highly skilled people in data management, visualization, reporting and solution finding."
DACE is asking big questions and seeing if the data can find solutions to problems. One of those is around stocking stores with products suited to specific demographics. Day admits that matching customers with products is a huge challenge, given the business has around 90,000 products across Sainsbury's Group; but data analytics helps to identify patterns, and react accordingly.
Another challenge is how to get the best out of the supply chain and logistics. Can data help create a plan which improves efficiency of supply and delivery, reducing costs and time?
Day explains: "The data is helping us look at the way we work with farmers, for example. Are we buying and growing the right crops? The idea is to be efficient and sustainable from farm to fork, using data analytics to help us model scenarios with both suppliers and customers."
Previously this would have been done through intuition and experience, which perhaps wasn't always accurate. Data analytics aims to minimize human error, or at least give humans a measure by which they can make more informed choices. An innovation team within DACE is also using data to help store colleagues by looking at the replenishment process, and how delivery lorries can have products stocked in the right order for each store. They are also looking at in-store equipment, using sensors to detect potential problems with freezers, enabling them to be repaired before they become an issue.
It's in the intelligent use of data where DACE and businesses like Sainsbury's can gain the biggest advantage. Analyzing huge quantities of data derived from transactions, loyalty cards and online shopping baskets can help improve the customer experience by offering products and services that are relevant. If you are vegetarian, for example, you shouldn't be getting emails about offers for pork chops or steak.
But perhaps the biggest challenge facing any data-driven business today is finding the right skills. The House of Commons' science and technology committee - which last year warned that the skills gap costs the UK economy around £63bn a year in lost income - cautioned in a recent report that the UK government's industrial strategy, released in January this year, does not go far enough in explaining how science and technology skills gaps will be addressed. We all know data skills are in short supply, so how do you fill roles and make sure you get the right people through the door?
"It's a mixed approach," says Day. "We train in-house but also recruit from academia. We don't just want pure data scientists, we look for a mixed bag of skills which is reflected in the work we are trying to do. We call them humanalysts here. And there has to be on-going learning too. It's important in this space. Data analytics is evolving quickly and we have to keep evolving with it."
To make a game-changing difference, to understand products and customers like never before and enrich both the shopping and working experience, you have to start acting and thinking differently. Decisions need to be based on data -- and the numbers don't lie.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Carmelo Anthony was really benched.
With the Knicks' playoff chances going from pipe dream to plainly preposterous, Anthony sat with a sore left knee in Monday's 113-105 victory over the Magic, the second leg of a back-to-back.
According to Jeff Hornacek, Anthony “wrenched” his knee when running back for a block against the Warriors on Sunday.
Anthony was careful to say it wasn't an injury. If the Knicks were a real factor in the playoff race, it's doubtful Anthony would have sat.
“I feel good,'' said Anthony, who sat back in the locker room during the game getting treatment. “I'll be ready for Wednesday. It got worse throughout the course of the day. It was better for me to rest and get ready for Milwaukee. I didn't injure it — just sore.''
It was only the second game Anthony has missed this season, and the Knicks won their first game without him since April 13, 2015.
The Knicks were 0-10 last season without Anthony, who was benched for nearly 10 minutes of the first half Sunday while the second unit excelled. Anthony curiously told reporters they'd have to ask the coach why he sat for so long.
“If it was a game that decides the playoffs, I'm sure he'd try [to play],'' Hornacek said before Monday's victory. “It's pretty sore. When you wrench it like that and it's sore, you compound it by playing tonight and you're probably out the next two games. It's better to take this one off and get it healed. … Hopefully, he'll be ready the next game.”
With 18 games left and the Knicks five games out of the eighth seed, Anthony's shutdown on the second night of a back-to-back could start a trend for the veterans.
“It's getting slimmer and slimmer,'' Derrick Rose said of the team's playoff hopes.
However, Rose, despite an eye scare Sunday, isn't ready to join the rest movement after missing so many games throughout his career due to knee surgeries.
In fact, Rose fist-bumped a reporter who asked if it's best to rest. He acknowledged the irony of the question. Chicago media always wanted him to play sooner rather than later during his rehabs.
“It's dope that you asked that,'' Rose said. “In Chicago, it's different. It's the first time I ever got asked that. It's something I've never thought about. I wish I could play in all 82. The games I missed, I was really injured instead of being hurt. I remember Thibs [former Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau] a long time ago used to tell me, ‘If you're hurt, you can go out there and play, but if you're injured you probably have to sit down.'”
Politicians in the area are giving their reaction to Theresa May's decision to call a snap General Election on June 8.
Jo Churchill, Conservative MP for Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket, said: “Although the Prime Minister's decision to hold a General Election was a surprise I'm firmly behind her and I do think it's the right decision.
“If we work hard and show the country what we can deliver with a proper mandate then with strong leadership we can provide the stability and certainty not only as we go into the (Brexit) negotiations but also beyond our exit from the EU.
“I'm looking forward to going out and fighting for my seat.”
Matt Hancock, Conservative MP for West Suffolk, said: “I look forward to the General Election on June 8.
“Britain needs strong leadership, and this election will give people the chance to vote for that leadership, to strengthen our negotiating hand in Europe, and give the certainty the country needs.
“Only a vote for the Conservatives can provide this leadership.
“Locally I am proud to stand on my record of more jobs, more investment, and as a strong voice for local people.
“It is an honour to represent West Suffolk in Parliament, and I hope I can persuade people to vote Conservative so I can continue doing this job which I love, and represent the people of West Suffolk.”
Vicky Ford, Conseravtive MEP for the East of England, said: “In the past month I have been knocking on doors and talking to people in Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk with our Conservative candidates for county council elections.
“I have been in areas that have previously seen a strong vote for Labour, Liberal Democrats and UKIP.
“On the doorsteps there is massive support from voters for Theresa May.
“A General Election result with a significant majority will allow her to lead with increased certainty. This will strengthen her negotiation position in the important discussions ahead and deliver the best outcomes for the UK.”
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook users without their permission. (Published 46 minutes ago)
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald... See More
The UC Davis student senate has made it optional to display the American flag at its meetings, stirring up controversy on campus and conservative blogs.
Senate Bill 76 passed Thursday, said Michael Gofman, a student senator who opposed the change.
The bill amends bylaws that required the United States flag to be on display at every senate meeting of the Associated Students, University of California, Davis. The revised bylaws give senate members the option to petition for the display of the flag 24 hours before each meeting. The ASUCD senate pro tem ultimately has authority to decide whether the U.S. flag will be displayed, according to the revision.
The resolution says that since “the concept of the United States of America and patriotism is different for every individual, it should not be compulsory that the flag is in view at all times during Senate meetings.”
Jose Antonio Meneses, who introduced the resolution, said the changes were meant to ensure the student government is following federal law, which he says doesn't allow an organization to mandate displaying the flag.
“It wasn't political in any way,” Meneses said. “But because it is the United States flag ... it's a touchy subject to talk about. We want to make sure we are not sued.”
Gofman disagreed, saying all governing bodies within the U.S. – including a student senate – should display the flag.
“It was a purely political issue from the start,” Gofman said.
The student government decision drew attention from internet blogs, many conservative – including Fox News Insider, the Daily Caller and The Blaze. Some stories say the flag has been “banned,” “banished” or “dropped.”
Meneses said that while he supports freedom of speech, many of the stories are inaccurate.
“It's not a ban on the flag,” he said.
He cited a 1943 U.S. Supreme Court decision that found West Virginia could not compel students to salute the flag or recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
“The opinion in that case is that you can't force people to pledge your allegiance, by (the flag) being there; by extension, you are pledging your allegiance to a symbol that you don't relate to or that you don't equate yourself with,” he said Monday.
He said the flag has never been on display during his two years on the student senate, and no one asked about it or the bylaw requirement until now.
A Facebook post by Gofman the day before the meeting prompted offers of flag donations from veterans groups and fraternities. Gofman plans to introduce a resolution that would allow any member of the senate to bring and display an American flag at any meeting.
There is not enough patriotism, especially at UC Davis, said Gofman, who describes himself as a first-generation American.
“I have a much closer connection to places outside of America,” he said. “I understand what the alternative looks like. I don't think members of the senate know what it is like to live in a totalitarian country.”
Gofman said he wasn't aware there was a resolution making the display of the flag mandatory.
“Once it was brought up, I was shocked and embarrassed about it not being followed,” he said.
The controversy over the resolution has generated a lot of negative email to the student senate.
Gofman said that much of the email is from alumni saying they are upset with the decision and don't plan to donate to the school again.
In a statement on Facebook, Gofman condemned two of the emails, one he characterized as “racist” and the other as threatening the physical safety of the senators who voted against the bill.
“This is unacceptable behavior,” he said.
Meneses said much of the hate mail is based on incorrect facts.
“When I introduced the bill, I didn't know it would be controversial,” he said.
An angel has landed in the heart of Hell's Kitchen.
P.S. Kitchen, at 246 W. 48th St., is a plant-based restaurant with a mission: All of its profits, after operating costs, will be donated to charity.
The 550-square-foot restaurant opens Aug. 7, and seats 32, plus nine at the bar.
“This has been 3¹/₂ years in the making,” said co-owner Craig Cochran, who also owns Terri, a vegan fast casual chain.
“The concept came from a friend of mine who is a philanthropist. She thought it would be fun to have a bar/lounge where all profits would be donated to charity,” he added.
Chef Gary Barawidan, who helped open Ravi DeRossi's Avant Garden and worked at Union Square Cafe and Locanda Verde, created the plant-based menu that includes: fennel tartine, a dish of caramelized fennel, cashew crème and orange supreme on Sullivan Street pullman bread; and, Buffalo Hen of the Wood mushrooms in the style of buffalo wings with German purple sweet potato salad.
Charity Partners includes The Doe Fund, CEEDS (Cooperative for Economic Empowerment and Development Services), Share Hope, Defy Ventures and Yunus Social Business.
Located in a century-old building, the interior is decidedly modern, with washed brick walls, marble tabletops, and antique mirrors — along with Vietnamese pottery mushroom shaped tables opposite the white marble bar.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Much to the Islanders' chagrin, Artemi Panarin didn't need to score a goal to have a big impact in his first game for the Blue Jackets.
Acquired in an offseason trade with the Blackhawks and touted as the elite scorer Columbus needs, Panarin had three assists and passed sharply as the Blue Jackets rolled over the Islanders in a 5-0 victory Friday night, the season opener for both teams.
The Islanders opened with energy, but got bogged down after Columbus started scoring.
“It was disappointing,” Islanders coach Doug Weight said. “It seemed a little like deer-in-the-headlights after it was 3-nothing. We just didn't react well.”
Rookies Sonny Milano and Pierre-Luc Dubois had their first NHL goals, Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves for his 20th career shutout.
With all of the offensive opportunities, it could have been worse for the Islanders.
Milano scored on Columbus' first shot of the season — 1:07 in. Oliver Bjorkstrand shoveled the puck out from the back wall to the 21-year-old Milano, who snapped a 10-footer past goalie Thomas Greiss.
“I think it was like a 10-second shift,” Milano said. “I just got out there and the puck landed on my stick and I put it in, so it was pretty cool.”
Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots he faced in relief.
Midway through the first period, Panarin circled in and teed up a pass that grazed Greiss' stick and went into the net off Atkinson's skate. The whole sequence came about after Atkinson picked off a pass in the neutral zone and fed Panarin for the rush.
Murray scored from the left circle 6:57 into the second period after getting a pass from Panarin, who carried the puck around the back of the net. Later in the period on a power play, Werenski jumped on a sharp rebound and slammed it past Greiss from about 60 feet.
The 19-year-old Dubois — the third overall pick in 2016 — got his first NHL goal, a wrister from the slot 1:25 later to make it 5-0.
“It was really fun,” Dubois said. “Sonny started us off with a goal, and it doesn't get better than that.”
Being "lost in space" is a nightmare scenario for astronauts, but they soon could be sleeping easier.
Engineers have filed a patent for a spacesuit self-return system to ensure spacewalking astronauts are safe, even if none of their crewmates can rescue them.
This system is, essentially, a "take me home" button. [The Evolution of the Spacesuit in Pictures]
Self-return
Lead inventor Kevin Duda, a space systems engineer at the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has studied astronauts and life on the International Space Station a great deal.
The self-return spacesuit system, Duda explained, had to be capable of determining a precise location in a harsh space environment where GPS is unavailable. It had to compute an optimal return trajectory that accounts for time, oxygen consumption, safety and clearance requirements, and it had to be able to guide a disoriented and possibly unconscious astronaut to safety effectively.
Draper Director of Space Systems Séamus Tuohy said the return-home technology is an advance in spacesuits that is long overdue.
"The current spacesuit features no automatic navigation solution — it is purely manual — and that could present a challenge to our astronauts if they are in an emergency," Tuohy said.
According to the patent, Draper's "take me home" system can be configured to monitor the movement, acceleration and position of the crewmember relative to a fixed object, such as an accompanying orbiting spacecraft.
Data fusion
The system's navigation, guidance and control modules can accommodate various scenarios. For instance, the navigation module can be configured using GPS, vision-aided navigation or a star-tracker system. [The Most Memorable Spacewalks in History]
Additionally, to improve the astronaut's positioning and orientation, Draper has developed software that fuses data from vision-based and inertial navigation systems and that benefits from the advantages of both sensing approaches.
The team's research into spacesuits is funded by NASA.
Down to Earth
Draper's "take me home" system can also be of benefit down here on Earth, the inventors said.
For example, clothing equipped with sensors and other smart tech could serve as an added safety measure for first responders and firefighters as they navigate smoke-filled rooms. The spacesuit could also assist skydivers hurtling toward Earth and scuba divers who might become disoriented in deep water.
To view the patent, "System and method for assisted extravehicular activity self-return," go to: https://patents.justia.com/patent/20170192425.
Leonard David is author of "Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet," published by National Geographic. The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel series "Mars." A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. This version of this story was posted on Space.com.
He is the 13th Wonder of the World at Giants training camp, his one-handed catches accomplished with the greatest of ease, his dancing made for “Dancing with the Stars.”
But on that one hand, he is desperate for one ring.
Odell Beckham Jr. tells you he is in a good place in his life, and now it is time for him to win his first playoff game and first Super Bowl championship because for Beckham, there is no better place than that, no bigger obsession.
A small hole in a wall outside the visiting locker room at Lambeau Field can bear witness to the anguish he felt after failing in Green Bay in January in his first playoff appearance.
It was the spark that has ignited a raging fire that burns within him.
I asked Beckham how much the playoff loss fueled his drive to win a Super Bowl.
“You have no idea,” he said. “I really thought about it, and I'm thinking about it, even growing up: The Giants … historical team. The Packers, historical team. Lambeau Field, ice cold. Perfect conditions, everything that you could dream of, and we weren't able to capture the moment. And did it in a horrible way. In a way that I woke up out of my sleep, too.
“Didn't think it was real, but I use that pain. I use that pain and I turn it into positive energy. I posted on Instagram the other day, I said, ‘If you can't see it, you're gonna feel it,' and that's just how I feel. If you can't see where I'm at, then I'll make sure that you do.”
If you can't see it, u gon feel it. Promise. A post shared by Odell Beckham Jr (@obj) on Aug 12, 2017 at 4:03pm PDT
It is doubtful there will be a boat trip before the playoffs next time. The tantrums in the face of provocation … who can say for sure? Beckham is the kind of gameday lion Lawrence Taylor used to be around here. He loves being the showman, but the Giants want him to be a Giant For Life because they believe he will be instrumental in getting them that fifth Lombardi Trophy.
He doesn't care if his numbers go down because of the arrival of Brandon Marshall and No. 1 pick Evan Engram.
He is stalking a championship.
“See that banner?” he said, gazing up inside the field house. “That's all I care about. Honestly there's — one, two, three, four in here — I don't know where they'd put the fifth one, but they're gonna have to make room 'cause we need it.”
His running back legs lead down into shiny gold cleats. His absence at voluntary minicamp has been long forgotten. He vowed to be in shape for training camp, and he is.
“Odell is in tremendous condition,” coach Ben McAdoo said. “He's playing fast, he's catching the ball very well, he's blocking well, he's in a good spot, playing good football.”
I asked McAdoo how his relationship is with Beckham.
“Odell and I, I talked to him the other day. We're both connected,” McAdoo said. “We both got here at the same time. He was a first-round pick, my first year as a coordinator. … Without him, I wouldn't be standing here. I recognize that, and I hope he does. Sometimes he may not think so, but I have a lot of respect for him and what he's accomplished over his first few years in the league, and I look forward to his future.”
Their relationship will be crucial given the play-caller/coach has only one football for Eli Manning to distribute.
“The numbers are always gonna be hard to come by,” McAdoo said. “The better football team we have, the harder the numbers will be. Can't play with more than one football. He's gotta realize that a little bit this year. But I think it'll be easier to get him touches with a better football team.”
Beckham knows McAdoo has his back.
“He loves to win, I know that for sure. He loves to win,” Beckham said. “He loves to coach us. Second year being a head coach, I still feel as if there's a little bit of head-turning and whatnot. We're all growing, and we're all in this together. I love being with Coach McAdoo. I came in my rookie year, he was all over me, and now we have a certain relationship from a respect level.
“I pray that this is our biggest year yet.”
McAdoo still is attempting to harness Beckham's passion that is more a blessing than a curse.
“I like him on that line being physical and playing with that high intensity, and his teammates rally around that,” McAdoo said.
As we have learned, it is such a fine line.
“I think development takes time,” McAdoo said. “Development doesn't happen overnight and you can't expect it to happen overnight. It's something that he's working at and we're working at.”
For all his fame, Beckham is hailed as a great teammate, almost to a man.
“He does stuff for the team. He gets us book bags every year. He doesn't really act selfish. He's a great teammate. I love being around him as a teammate. He's a great guy,” wide receiver/special teamer Dwayne Harris said.
“He cares about his teammates,” McAdoo said. “He communicates with his teammates. He wants what's best for his teammates. He practices with an energy level that raises everyone's energy around him.”
I asked McAdoo if Beckham reminded him of anyone.
“Charles Woodson when he first got into the league is a tremendous athlete in a lot of ways,” McAdoo said.
“Odell is just a peak performer.”
Super Bowl Peak-or-Bust.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leicester City target Bouna Sarr has revealed his interest in continuing at Marseille next season.
The winger's future at Marseille was under the scanner in the winter as he was subject to interest from Leicester during the January transfer window.
The Foxes were keen to take him to the King Power Stadium in January and even went as far as lodging two concrete bids to get a deal over the line, but Marseille refused to sell the wide-man.
There were suggestions the Premier League outfit could return for Sarr in the summer, but it seems the player is now more interested in continuing with the Ligue 1 giants.
Sarr stressed that for the moment he wants to continue playing his football at Marseille next season.
“I'm likely to be at Marseille next season”, the defender told RTL Radio when asked about his future.
“That's my wish anyway.”
Marseille snapped up Sarr, who has a contract until 2020, from fellow French club Metz in the summer of 2015.
He has notched up 97 appearances for the Ligue 1 giants.
Getty Images A worker mixes brick mortar near a new single-family home in Glenview, Illinois.
Home-builder confidence ebbed further in February, the second month of declines after the presidential election sent builder spirits roaring to an 11-year high.
The closely-watched sentiment index from the National Association of Home Builders fell 2 points to 65 in February. That puts it solidly above its average of 61 throughout 2016, but marks what NAHB called “a more normal range” in a release.
Economists had forecast an uptick to 68 in February. Readings over 50 signal improving conditions.
All three sub-components of the index declined in February. The gauge of current sales conditions fell 1 point to 71, while the measure of sales expectations for the next six months slid 3 points to 73. The component of buyer traffic fell 5 points to 46, putting it back below the neutral line.
NAHB's index doesn't correlate perfectly with the pace of construction activity, but if builders have more favorable assessments of business conditions, it may lead to a stronger pace of construction.
In recent months, builders have been breaking ground on only about two-thirds of the number of homes as their long-term average even as housing shortages are driving up costs for renting and buying.
But NAHB blames more-expensive and scarcer lots and labor, as well as increased regulation, for the slower pace of construction.
A century from now, if people want to know how affluent Manhattanites lived, dressed and partied in the 1960s, they need only watch “Mad Men.” For seven seasons, Matthew Weiner's...
WASHINGTON -- French President Emmanuel Macron has agreed to work with US President Donald Trump toward a "new deal" with Iran that addresses the "situation" in the Middle East and "contains Iran in the region," he said on Tuesday.
Macron's proposal would keep the existing nuclear deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, in its place. That agreement reached in 2015 between Iran and world powers was designed to address Tehran's short-term nuclear work, Macron stated.
“You know, in life you have to be flexible,” Trump said, stating he would be open to “a new deal with solid foundations,” but not explaining whether such a deal would be negotiated in or outside of JCPOA.
“This is a deal with decayed foundations,” he said, declining to say what he would do on May 12 , but joking that Macron already knew.
But "we have nuclear on the short-run, and we have nuclear on the long run" to deal with, he continued. "We have ballistic activity. We have regional activity by Iran.""The JCPOA is the first pillar we just described," he said. "We seek to find a fair deal where we can fix the overall situation."The French option would appear to save the nuclear deal in its current form through a May 12 deadline set by Trump on European powers to negotiate "fixes" to the accord. French, British and German diplomats have been working with their US counterparts to accommodate the president's deadline.Speaking alongside Trump at the White House, Macron said the two leaders initially approached the agreement from different perspectives. "Neither you nor I have a habit of changing our stances," he quipped. But they are beginning to "overcome" their disagreements "by deciding to work towards an overall deal."An hourlong one-on-one meeting in the Oval Office earlier in the day seemed to mark a breakthrough in dialogue between the two leaders, who have built a strong personal relationship since Macron assumed office less than one year ago."We therefore wish from now on to work on a new deal with Iran," Macron said. "I would like us to commit to that effect in the weeks and months to come."Macron, who is in Washington as the guest of the first official state visit of Trump's presidency, traveled with Iran top of mind, and entered their joint press conference sounding optimistic that the US president would go along with the plan.Vice President Mike Pence, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Chief of Staff John Kelly, National Security Adviser John Bolton and Press Secretary Sarah Sanders joined Trump in their meetings.Earlier in the day, Trump said before the press that the two men were "fairly close to understanding each other." The leaders had dinner at George Washington's Mount Vernon estate on Monday night, and would enjoy a formal dinner with over 100 guests in the State Dining Room of the White House on Tuesday night."We're looking forward to doing something, but it has to be done and it has to be done strongly," Trump said. "They've very much been butchers, and we can't allow that to happen."The president also responded to threats from Iran that it would restart its nuclear program and abandon the UN Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty should the US scrap the accord next month."It won't be so easy for them to restart it. They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before. And you can mark it down," he told reporters in the Oval Office, later repeating the threat: "They will pay a price like few countries have ever paid."The Iran deal was negotiated by the US, France, Britain, Germany, Russia, China and Iran to provide sanctions relief to the Iranians in exchange for them halting their enrichment of uranium. They partially dismantled the program, but retain an enrichment capacity and can increase its size and efficiency over time under the JCPOA's terms.The agreement also does not address Iran's ballistic missiles, which are designed to be vehicles for nuclear warheads, as well as its regional behavior, which the US, Israel and the Arab world fear have been emboldened by the legitimacy and finances that the nuclear deal bestowed.Macron said he was prepared to acknowledge the deal does not address many of Trump's concerns: "France is not naive when it comes to Iran," he said. "We could take on board the concerns and the criticisms of this deal.""It's not about tearing up an agreement and having nothing," he added, "but about building something new."Ending the seven-yearlong civil war in Syria should be a part of this broader deal, Macron said. And indeed, Trump seemed open to this idea, which Macron has convinced him might require a continued US presence there."​We want to leave a strong and lasting footprint​" in Syria, Trump said, while noting he would still love to withdraw completely. "We don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean."Trump continued to rip into the nuclear accord as one of the worst agreements ever negotiated on behalf of the United States, insisting that Iran's nuclear work is inextricably tied to its regional designs."That regime must end its support of terrorism," Trump said. All over, no matter where you go in the Middle East, you see the fingerprints of Iran behind problems."
London Teen Forced By Attackers To Apologize For Being Gay Says He Is Not Sorry For His Sexuality
An explosion took place this morning at Port Authority Bus Terminal in NYC during the Monday morning rush hour.
The NY Daily News reports:
Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi native, detonated part of his “low tech” explosive at 7:30 a.m. and was injured in an underground subway passage just 200 feet from the bus terminal at West 42nd St. and Eighth Ave., officials said. Three commuters suffered minor injuries, officials said.
After the explosion, Port Authority cops moved in and struggled with Ullah, who had wires attached to his body, sources said.
He tried to set off the rest of his bomb, but only part of it went off. Two PAPD officers grabbed him and successfully removed the explosives without further incident.
Ullah is at Bellevue Hospital being treated.
The suspect in police custody following theexplosion at Port Authority Bus Terminal. pic.twitter.com/gGSygFnJjz — JF (@JFNYC1) December 11, 2017
This wild animal yelling out quotes about Isis while being transported. pic.twitter.com/33stXSEaaq — JF (@JFNYC1) December 11, 2017
BREAKING VIDEO: Moment of explosion at 42nd St and 8th Avenue in Manhattan#NYPD pic.twitter.com/ZVieRsfIaC — JF (@JFNYC1) December 11, 2017
EARLIER:
The AP reports:
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform. The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
The Port Authority Bus Terminal is open. Due to police activity, the entrance to the subway at the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Eighth Avenue is closed. Updates will be posted from @PANYNJ and @PABusTerminal as they become available. — Port Authority NY&NJ (@PANYNJ) December 11, 2017
Developing…
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) The honors just keep on coming for U of L baseball. Brendan McKay was named Perfect game player of the year...and three other players named All Americans by Perfect game.
Also, three more Cards were drafted today in the Major League Draft. Junior catcher, Colby Fitch went in the 13th round to the Phillies. Senior outfielder, Logan Taylor was selected in the 16th round by the Chicago White Sox, and sophomore pitcher, Riley Thompson will join the Yankees organization. He was picked in the 25th round. Cards third baseman, Drew Ellis heard his name called on day one of the draft, going to the Arizona Diamondbacks with the 44th overall pick, which was a surprise to Ellis, because he thought he was going to be picked later. "I had a deal with the Red Sox at pick 63. and then at pick 41 my adviser called me and said, hey I think the Diamondbacks are going to take you. So, I didn't really have time to get settled in," said Ellis.
Two Kentucky Wildcats heard their names called. Pitcher Justin Lewis will join McKay in the Tampa Bay organization, and Connor Heady will be a Dodger.
Copyright 2017 WAVE News . All rights reserved.
In recognition of Black History Month, “Marshall,” the first film in a month-long series is screened Saturday at L.H. Jones Family Resource Center on Jones School Road. The series — titled “Documentaries About Life Experiences of African-Americans” — will also include “Loving” on Feb. 10; “Selma” on Feb. 17; and “Glory,” Feb. 24. Dr. Evelyn Thompson, center, introduces Saturday's film.
In recognition of Black History Month, “Marshall,” the first film in a month-long series is screened Saturday at L.H. Jones Family Resource Center on Jones School Road. The series — titled “Documentaries About Life Experiences of African-Americans” — will also include “Loving” on Feb. 10; “Selma” on Feb. 17; and “Glory,” Feb. 24. Dr. Evelyn Thompson, center, introduces Saturday's film.
Disney classics are way dirtier than you thought As their children grow up, most parents are forced to endure watching Disney films with their little ones. And the colorful fairy-tale movies appear to be the perfect family-friendly viewing...
Why Disney needs to stop remaking all its movies When “Mulan” was released in the summer of 1998, it instantly became my favorite Disney movie. In the following months, rarely did any cassette tape other than the film's soundtrack...
Interior Minister Arye Deri is weighing the removal of permanent residency status from 12 east Jerusalem residents who were involved in terrorist activities, he announced in a statement on Monday.
Deri's statement followed the approval of a law earlier this month that authorized the interior minister to revoke permanent residency status “on the basis of breach of trust,” which could be interpreted as meaning involvement in terrorist activity, according to the statement.
The explanatory notes of the law said the legislation came about as a result of a High Court of Justice decision on a case involving the revocation of residency status from residents of east Jerusalem.Deri said in the statement that he plans to use his authority on 12 east Jerusalem residents: Muhammad Abu Tir, Ahmad Atoun, Muhammad Totah and Khaled Abu Arafeh, members of the Palestinian Legislative Council representing the Hamas movement; Muhammad Abu Kaf, Walid Atrash and Abed Dwiat, who committed the deadly attack on Rosh Hashana in 2016 in Armon Hanatziv in which Alexander Levkovich was murdered; Bilal Abu Ghanem, who murdered three Israelis on the 78 bus in Armon Hanatziv in October 2015; and Wa'il Mahmoud Muhammad Ali Kassem, Wassen Sa'id Musa Abbaso, Muhammad Asshak Shehadeh Ouda and Ali a-Din Muhammad Abbasi, members of the Silwan terrorist cell “that was directly and indirectly involved in some of the most severe attacks that were carried out in Israel, including the Cafe Moment attack and the Mount Scopus campus attack... in which dozens of Israelis were killed and injured,” the statement said.Anyone for whom it is decided their residency status will be revoked will be given the option to appeal that decision, Deri said in the statement.“Murdering Israelis and involvement in attacks against civilians is the most severe form of breach of trust between a resident and his state,” he continued.“Residents and citizens that will put the life of the Israeli public in danger, and will be a threat to their well-being, will know that their status is in danger – in addition to all the other punishments that are stated in the law. I will act by all means I have to fight terrorists and all those who are involved and assisting terrorism,” Deri said.
We're used to having an app for just about everything these days, but when James Mercer, the frontman for indie rock band The Shins, couldn't find the perfect digital collage app, he decided to build it himself.
Mercer's free app, called Pasted, launched on Tuesday. It makes it easy for users to create digital collages that would be worthy of a high school yearbook — on your phone.
"It was really just me wanting to buy something I couldn't get," Mercer told NBC News at SXSW last month, where he gave reporters an early peek at the beta version of the app.
Pasted is an iOS app that allows you to make photo collages. Pasted
Related: Instagram Is Giving Snapchat a Run For Its Money
You may remember The Shins from the movie "Garden State," where Natalie Portman's character claims the band's song "New Slang" will "change your life."
While it's debatable whether an app can change your life, Pasted can, at minimum, spice up your Instagram account.
The secret sauce for the app is facial recognition technology, which eliminates the need for tedious cropping around your friends' faces. The collage-style cutouts are then transferred on a blank canvas for you to play with, reposition, colorize, and gussy up however you see fit.
While Mercer had the idea, he turned to longtime friend Zeke Howard, a musician and partner at digital agency The Brigade, to help get the idea off the ground.
For someone who has been busy touring the world for two decades, Mercer got a crash course on the world of tech. The experience, he said, has some parallels to making an album since it's a collaborative effort.
James Mercer, lead singer of The Shins and co-founder of the Pasted App, plays an intimate show at the SXSW Conference. NBC News
Image copyright Police handout Image caption Jerry Drake Varnell drove a cargo van - which he believed to be packed with explosives - to a bank in downtown Oklahoma City
A 23-year-old has been arrested and charged with attempting to blow up a bank in Oklahoma City, the FBI says.
Jerry Drake Varnell allegedly told undercover investigators that he hoped his actions would "cripple the government" and cause a "revolution".
The criminal complaint alleges that shortly after midnight on Saturday he attempted to set off a fake bomb.
Speaking to undercover agents, he cited the film Fight Club and the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing as inspiration.
The FBI says that on 12 August Mr Varnell drove a cargo van - which he believed to be stolen and loaded with 1,000lbs (453kg) of explosives - to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City.
Days earlier, he recorded a message to be posted online after the attack, telling an undercover informant that it was important to have a statement ready to post to social media in order to prevent other groups such as the so-called Islamic State from claiming credit for the attack.
On Saturday, he parked the van in an alley beside the bank, and then attempted to dial a number with a mobile phone, thinking that would trigger the explosion, the FBI said.
FBI officials say the device was inert, and there was never any danger to the public.
"I can assure the public, without hesitation, that we had Varnell's actions monitored every step of the way," said Kathryn Peterson, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
Mr Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce and faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted.
Anti-government extremist Timothy Mc­Veigh's 1995 bombing on a federal building in Oklahoma City left 168 people dead.
The attack is considered the deadliest homegrown domestic terror attack in US history.
Former Charlotte mayor Patrick Cannon apologized profusely on his new radio show for taking the bribes that sent him to federal prison.
Cannon, 50, was arrested in March 2014, four months into his term, and later pleaded guilty to taking about $50,000 in bribes from federal undercover officers. He served half his 44-month prison term and began two years of supervised release on Jan. 25.
“I'm not perfect and I know that I'll never be. I made a mistake that I know, hey, I will never look to make again,” Cannon said on his first Saturday morning talk show on Old School 105.3.
“What I did was wrong and not in keeping with my character,” according to audio clips of the show aired by WCNC. “I apologize. I apologize and ask for your forgiveness today for the hurt and the anger that I caused amongst my family, my friends, the community overall and former colleagues.”
Cannon didn't talk to the media before or after his 9 a.m. show, “At the Table with Cannon,” but will open his upcoming show to the media this Saturday and take questions after the show, the radio station said.
The former mayor referred to taking bribes from agents posing as out-of-town real estate investors as “irrational decision making.” He offered listeners some advice:
“Simply think before you act. That in itself could have made all the difference in my life at that particular time, and it could make the difference for you and yours.”
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) – Dominion Energy's political prowess in Virginia is being cheered by unlikely sources: its would-be competitors.
Retail energy companies that buy and sell electricity say Virginia is becoming an increasingly attractive market because Dominion has been too successful at getting legislation passed that has boosted its profits.
Retail giant Walmart recently indicated it plans to buy electricity from someone besides Dominion. And several other large companies like Microsoft and Home Depot have indicated they'd like state laws changed to make shopping around easier.
Virginia is one a handful of states with electric monopolies where customers can also shop around under certain circumstances.
Dominion says its rates are reasonable and most customers are happy with its stability and service.
Ipswich Town vs Newcastle United
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
A local tech giant has been sold for more than $2 billion.
Mitel, a leader in touchtone phone technology, has been bought out by Searchlight Capital Partners. The sale includes the company's debt.
Terry Matthews co-founded Mitel in 1972. Its headquarters are based in Kanata.
More to come
The craziest looks from Beyoncé's mom's Wakanda-themed party Tina Knowles (aka Beyoncé's mom) hosted her second annual Wearable Arts Gala in Los Angeles to benefit the WACO (Where Art Can Occur) Theatre Center. The dress code for the...
The 'Black Panther' cast has big plans in the works Marvel's “Black Panther” is smashing box office records and taking the world by storm. But its stars aren't kicking back to bask in the spotlight — they already have big...
Why 'Black Panther' will probably beat 'The Last Jedi' Wakanda may hold all the world's vibranium, but does it have the might to take on Luke Skywalker? Everything “Black Panther” has accomplished so far — from its stellar box-office...
Ryan Coogler pens emotional letter to 'Black Panther' fans Coogler posted an emotional letter to his fans, thanking them for the success of the film.
'Black Panther' breaks another box office record “Black Panther” not only shattered Hollywood's outdated notions about diversity — but overturned the perception of February as a moviegoing wasteland, insiders said. Paul Dergarabedian, comScore's senior media analyst, said...
Abuja, Lagos record highest crime rate in 2016 –NBS
The National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and Lagos State reported a total of 58,566 crime cases in 2016.
The NBS stated this in a crime statistics reported by Type and State in 2016 and posted on the bureau's website yesterday in Abuja.
According to the bureau, the FCT and Lagos State reported the highest crime cases, while Katsina State and Abia had the lowest percentage share of total cases reported in 2016.
The bureau said the FCT reported 13,181 crime cases while Lagos State reported 45, 385 crimes.
The cases were categorised as offence against persons, offence against property, offence against lawful authority and offence against local Acts.
A breakdown of crime cases showed that FCT reported 2,984 cases of offence against persons, 9,350 cases against property, 843 cases against lawful authority and only four cases against local Acts.
The report said offence against persons were those offences against human beings such as murder, manslaughter, infanticide, concealment of birth, rape and other physical abuse, etc.
Offences against properties were those offences against human belongings, such as properties of any kind like stealing, receiving stolen properties, obtaining property by false pretence, robbery, burglary and house breaking.
Offences against lawful authority include any offence committed against any establishment of the law e.g. failure to pay tax to the appropriate authority.
It explained that local Acts are those laws that we cannot enforce outside Nigeria – e.g. Liquor Act or Firearms Act.
Meanwhile, the bureau said Lagos State reported 15,426 cases of offence against persons; 22,885 cases of offence against property; 6,768 cases of offence against lawful authority and 306 cases of offence against local Acts.
The bureau further said a total of 125,790 cases were reported from the 36 states in 2016.
It stated that offence against property had the highest number of cases reported with 65,397 of such cases.
The bureau said offence against persons recorded 45,554 reported cases while offence against lawful authority and local Acts recorded the least with 12,144 and 2,695 reported cases, respectively.
It stated Lagos State had the highest percentage share of total cases with 36.08 per cent and 45,385 cases recorded.
The bureau stated that FCT Abuja and Delta State followed closely with 10.48 per cent and 13,181 and 6.25 per cent and 7,867 cases recorded respectively.
It stated that Katsina State had the lowest percentage share of total cases reported with 0.10 per cent and 120 cases recorded.
The bureau added that Abia and Zamfara followed closely with 0.29 per cent and 364 cases and 0.38 per cent and 483 cases recorded, respectively.
Sun
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption Claire Blackburn is climbing Snowdon with other amputees
Removing part of a leg was probably the most difficult decision Claire Blackburn has ever had to make. Especially as it was not medically necessary.
But the mum-of-four could not hold her children's hands, she could not push their pushchairs, she could not even walk into the living room holding a cup of tea.
"There were lots of things like that that were getting to me," recalled the 37-year-old. "I had tried everything."
Claire badly injured her leg as a 12-year-old jumping into what she thought was a deep stretch of river on Dartmoor.
But water levels were low - and that is where her nightmare began.
After 22 years of constant pain and scores of medical tests, treatments and an epidural, she came to a difficult conclusion.
Within months, her lower right leg was removed in 2015.
"It took a bit of deciding but I did pretty much know that was what I wanted," recalled Claire. "I couldn't be any worse than I was.
Image copyright Family photo Image caption The 12-year-old jumped off a boulder into a stretch of the River Lyd that was "normally deep"
"I have wonderful children but I couldn't hold their hand, I couldn't carry them. I permanently walked on crutches.
"I had a constant fear of someone knocking, touching, moving my leg that would cause me considerable pain."
Claire knew as soon as she jumped into the shallow River Lyd, at an area known as Black Rock, during a 1993 summer holiday family picnic, she was in trouble.
"Where we were, we would normally jump as it was quite a deep space of river," she said.
"But there had been little rain and it caused the water levels to drop. I hit both feet on the bottom, the pain was almost instantaneous.
"Obviously one of my legs got better, my right leg didn't. From that moment, the pain was permanently there. It changed everything."
Claire was airlifted to hospital and a hairline fracture was diagnosed.
Her days as a keen gymnast and cross-country runner came to a halt as the pain would not go.
Her schoolwork was affected too as she spent the best part of a year in Great Ormond Street and Plymouth hospitals.
Image copyright Family photo Image caption The 12-year-old jumped off a boulder into a stretch of the River Lyd that was "normally deep"
"Doctors tried all sorts of things, like nerve blocks, to try and help," she said.
"It was just an ongoing sort of juggle between school and medical stuff - there was all of a sudden barriers of joining in with your friends, they would go off whereas I couldn't.
"It changed your perspective of yourself. As I grew up, I wanted to be part of groups but it was a challenge when you know you're the one that's got difficulties and not always able to put a brave face on a situation.
Claire, who now lives in Pontypridd, tried to manage the pain but got quite bitter about her leg as she wanted to be better.
She felt like the "exception to the rule" and was constantly disappointed as treatments failed to ease her pain.
"So I made a decision that I would ask about having my leg amputated," she said.
"Medically my leg was considerably shorter than my other leg. I also have osteoporosis due to the over-use of the one leg and under-use of different parts of my body from my crutches.
"It got to the point where as much as I felt like I was giving up and being defeatist by saying it, I knew I'd tried everything - and I didn't want my osteoporosis to become any worse.
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Claire Blackburn says her big challenge now is to "know where my limitations lie"
"They told me that if they took my leg off I might still have the pain - and I was accepting of that.
"As much as I didn't want the pain, I've coped for 22 years with pain so I'm not frightened of pain."
Claire met numerous orthopaedic consultants and neurologists at Llantrisant's Royal Glamorgan Hospital and had the operation to remove her lower leg just eight weeks after giving birth.
"When I came round in recovery, I was aware that the pain of 22 years was gone," she recalled.
"There was pain from the operation, but not the pain I'd had for the 22 years."
Three years on, Claire is now climbing Wales' highest peak Snowdon as she "wants to try everything".
"I feel a kid in a playground," she said.
"I had to build up 22 years of muscle wastage, learning how to move again.
"Now I want to find my limitations and that's just enjoying life. It has given me just more ability than I've had in a long time and I'm absolutely loving it."
EMMITSBURG, Md. — Junior Robinson made four 3-pointers and scored 20 on Saturday and Mount St. Mary's beat St. Francis (Pa.) 59-56 to move alone into second in the Northeast Conference.
Greg Alexander made a pair of free throws with 39 seconds left to give the Mount (14-11, 8-4) the lead for good at 57-56. Jonah Antonio added two free throws with 10 seconds left to cap the scoring.
The Red Flash (13-10, 7-5) missed two 3-point attempts in the final 14 seconds and dropped into a third-place tie with St. Francis Brooklyn, Robert Morris and LIU Brooklyn.
St. Francis led 11-0 after the first five minutes of the game and Mount St. Mary's had its own run to take the lead at 14-13. From there, neither team led by more than six.
Antonio added 13 points for the Mountaineers.
Jamaal King had 17 points, and Andre Wolford and Keith Braxton scored 14 each for the Red Flash.
After rising sharply over the past several weeks, gas prices rose just a couple of pennies last week and not at all since Friday.
Thinkstock
So, you're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend, and you're about to leave the state.
Do you fill up on gas now, or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $10 a tank, depending on where you're heading.
"Watch out for those state lines," says Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy.
Gas prices averaged $2.86 per gallon Tuesday, according to AAA, hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel.
Here's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy:
1. Fill up in Arizona, not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme.
Arizona averaged $3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday, while California averaged $3.73, according to GasBuddy.
At those prices, a 15-gallon fill-up is $10.06 more expensive in California.
2. Fill up in Texas, not New Mexico
If you're road-tripping in the Southwest, price differences can be significant. This is another good example.
The price of fuel in Texas, where oil refineries are clustered, averaged $2.66 on Tuesday. In New Mexico, it was $2.91.
That means you'd save $3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank.
3. Fill up in Louisiana, not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana, which is also a hot spot for refineries.
Prices averaged $2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday, compared with $2.66 in Texas.
Generally, though, "anywhere in the South" is a good place to fill up, DeHaan said. "They're right in oil's backyard. Plus, low taxes."
4. Fill up in Ohio, not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north.
With prices averaging $2.79 on Tuesday, Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan's $2.96.
5. Fill up in Virginia, not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia? Sounds fun.
But fill up first in Virginia, where prices are 21 cents lower at $2.61.
6. Fill up in West Virginia, not Pennsylvania
West Virginia doesn't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania, which averaged $3.01 on Tuesday, compared with West Virginia's $2.82.
7. Fill up in Massachusetts, not Connecticut
At $2.91, Massachusetts isn't exactly an oasis of cheap gas.
But it's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $3.08.
8. Fill up in South Carolina, not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $2.66.
Come to think of it, fill up in South Carolina no matter where you're heading. It's the cheapest gas state in the country, according to GasBuddy.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Work Services Corporation along with dozens of other nonprofit agencies are in Washington, D.C. to advocate on behalf of disability employment issues.
Officials with WSC are doing so at the SourceAmerica Grassroots Advocacy Conference.
SourceAmerica is the national leaders in disability employment and choices.
Each year SourceAmerica hosts member nonprofits for training sessions on how to present their case to lawmakers for better employment options for people with disabilities.
One of those employees at WSC is David Thompson.
Thompson is a mess attendant at Sheppard Air Force Base and has been employed through WSC for the last seven years.
Thompson is legally blind and has short term memory loss due to a stroke he had when he was 17.
Thompson is 44 years old and is an athlete, works full-time, and lives independently in his own apartment.
Employment through the WSC has allowed Thompson to live a full and productive life as an integrated member of the Wichita Falls community.
"David takes great pride in his work and his service to the U.S. Air Force and is an outstanding example of the challenges that a person with significant disabilities can overcome in their life. Ben Ezzell, Vice President of Operations for WSC, said, "David is in the center of the mission statement for WSC and we are so proud that he is a part of the WSC team."
This legislative visit serves as a reminder to lawmakers that decisions made in committees in Washington, D.C. affect their constituents.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
OAKLAND, Calif. — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in his return to the majors following a second Tommy John surgery, leading the Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Athletics on Wednesday night.
Eovaldi (1-0) faced one over the minimum through six innings in his Tampa Bay debut. He threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts. The only runner to reach base against him was Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first.
Wilmer Font, acquired by the Rays from the A's last Friday, gave up Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's only hit of the game. Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter.
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A's starter Sean Manaea (5-6), and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays.
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295, the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3, 2003.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list prior to Wednesday's game.
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder then retired the next three batters.
That was all the offense the A's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games.
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May, the second-lowest average in the majors.
In case you aren't already aware, Jim Carrey is a man of the arts. Not just an actor, but an artiste. And he's actually not half bad!
On Saturday, the comedian used his skills the way only he can, by painting a portrait of what appears to be White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Carrey tweeted alongside the painting, “This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!”
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
The tweet quickly went viral as Twitter users began to speculate whether the portrait was indeed of Sanders, criticizing Carrey for “mocking” Christianity.
It's not Carrey's first foray into political art, having previously shared a painting of Marco Rubio with his hands dipped in “the blood of innocent children,” and another in which he stamped Paul Ryan a “creep,” along with various equally “monstrous” portraits of Trump.
Carrey's love of art was prominently featured in the 2017 Netflix documentary Jim Carrey: I Needed Color, in which he said his new hobby helps him “heal a broken heart.”
Paint on, James. Paint on.
Rubio‘s agenda is clear. Keep taking millions from the NRA and wash the blood of innocent children off his hands. Apparently $3.3 million is the price of this politician's soul. pic.twitter.com/wom4IrTfsj — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 24, 2018
Great news! The President's answer to school shootings is to arm the glee club! ;^P pic.twitter.com/spSnwTo4Hz — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 23, 2018
All who enter his crooked carnival with integrity are doomed to leave without it. General Kelly has been trampled by his own compromise. Who dares be the next to ride the carousel of fools?! Muahahaha!!! pic.twitter.com/MQDvFBrYlG — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 11, 2018
Video
With opposition MPs calling on her to resign, Esther McVey apologised to Parliament for comments about Universal Credit.
The work and pensions secretary admitted to "inadvertently misleading" the House of Commons after a critical report from the National Audit Office.
Prime Minister's Questions: The verdict
Leicester City manager Claude Puel feels the Foxes deserved all three points from their 1-1 draw against Swansea City at the King Power Stadium.
MATCH REPORT: Leicester City 1-1 Swansea City
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
Image copyright NECTU Image caption The court was told petrol, a bag of screws and a balaclava were found in an abandoned shed
A review is under way to look at the work of agencies involved in a case which saw two teenagers plan a Columbine-style massacre at a school.
The boys, both 15, planned to shoot and kill pupils and teachers at the school in Northallerton in North Yorkshire.
The pair, who were 14 when they mounted the plot, were found guilty of conspiracy to murder.
A Learning Lessons Review is being carried out by North Yorkshire Safeguarding Children Board executive.
Read more stories from across Yorkshire
During the trial, jurors were told the boys were motivated by their "hero worship" of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, who killed 13 people and themselves at Columbine High School in Colorado in 1999.
Petrol and a bag of screws is found in an abandoned shack and both boys had downloaded a bomb-making manual from the internet.
The plot was uncovered when the younger boy told a schoolgirl via Snapchat they were planning to carry out a shooting.
When she asked if he was joking, he responded: "No. No one innocent will die. We promise."
He later told a teacher he needed to "eliminate" people at the school as they were "infecting the gene pool".
North Yorkshire County Council said the review would "involve a review of how the multi-agency arrangements worked prior to and during the case and will consider areas for development".
0:45
Car rams into crowd at 'Unite the Right' rally in Charlottesville, Va.
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Crude oil prices pulled back on Wednesday, reversing gains made in the New York session on the heels of data showing a bigger-than-expected climb in U.S. supply.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, light, sweet crude futures for delivery in March CLH7, -0.60% traded at $52.82 a barrel, down $0.38, or 0.7%, in the Globex electronic session. April Brent crude LCOJ7, -0.45% on London's ICE Futures exchange fell $0.37, or 0.6%, to $55.68 a barrel.
The American Petroleum Institute late Tuesday reported an increase of 9.9 million barrels in U.S. crude supplies for the week ended Feb. 10, according to sources. Analysts had been forecasting a rise of 3.25 million barrels. Oil prices began slipping in late trade after that report was announced.
Investors will look for confirmation later when supply data from the Energy Information Administration will be released Monday morning.
Bears continue to point to increased U.S. oil rig activity, and uncertainty surrounding policies of U.S. President Donald Trump, said Stuart Ive, a private client advisor at OM Financial.
“News that hedge funds are net long 160 million barrels in calendar spread options on the New York Mercantile Exchange (Nymex) shows how the fund managers are expecting the price curve to switch to backwardation as the physical market rebalances itself from the excessive supply,” Ive noted.
Prices have been wavering for many weeks in the low $50s as traders awaited data on OPEC's compliance with recently agreed cuts. The OPEC data released Monday showed a month-on-month decline of 890,000 barrels a day in January from the previous month to 32.1 million b/d. The drop indicates a 90% compliance level so far by producers who had agreed to curtail their output--in line with figures reported by the International Energy Agency last week, and well above what many market participants were expecting.
“OPEC has set itself a high benchmark given its high January compliance, applying pressure to keep this record up in order to not disappoint the market,” BMI Research said in a note.
Nymex reformulated gasoline blendstock for March RBH7, -0.48% — the benchmark gasoline contract — fell 84 points to $1.5383 a gallon, while March diesel traded at $1.6277, 105 points lower.
ICE gasoil for March changed hands at $492.75 a metric ton, down $4.50 from Tuesday's settlement.
— Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this report
Though Lucille Ball might have you think that listlessness and general despondency can be solved with a spoonful of Vitameatavegamin, depression and anxiety are serious and surprisingly common mood disorders suffered by millions of women in the U.S. alone.
According to Mary Raymond, a Family Nurse Practitioner at Dameron Hospital's Ambulatory Care Center, the Center for Disease Control reports 20% of women will experience depression in their lifetime and have higher rates than men across all age groups. What's more surprising is Raymond has observed in her practice many women don't recognize their condition, even though they are experiencing many of the typical symptoms of depression.
So how do women in today's chaotic times determine whether they've simply had a rough day (or week, or month) or if they're experiencing clinical depression? Some things to look out for are no longer enjoying things you once did, trouble sleeping, fatigue, increased appetite or loss of enjoyment for food, weight changes and even the inability to make simple decisions. Also, depression sufferers might experience feelings of guilt or lack of self-confidence. The most severe symptoms are, of course, thoughts of suicide or desire to inflict self-pain.
Unfortunately, it can be difficult to diagnose depression because patients with these complaints frequently seek treatment for specific symptoms without considering the underlying cause. What commonly goes unnoticed are more serious causes of depression like relationship issues, abuse, stress, and financial worries. In these situations, patients are reluctant to share the circumstances that might be playing a role in their depression, making it difficult to treat.
In cases where depression is diagnosed, there are increasingly wide and varied forms of effective treatment. The combination of medication and counseling is the best approach, according to Raymond, and physical exercise like yoga and relaxation techniques are valuable adjuncts to treatment.
And while benzodiazepines or tranquilizers offer immediate relief from symptoms, these are highly habit-forming and are typically only recommended for short-term use. Raymond also explains another resource not enough people utilize is support from their employer. Many employers offer confidential employee assistance programs, which are useful in coping with life challenges.
Fortunately for many of us who are already suffering from or susceptible to depression and anxiety, there are qualified professionals like Mary Raymond, NP, equipped and eager to help.
“I enjoy my practice because it gives me the opportunity to provide women with much-needed affirmation and tools to empower them,” says Raymond. “But it's important to understand that medication alone is rarely enough and will often fail when not used in conjunction with other forms of treatment. Having an outsider provide thoughtful, active listening, moral support and being able to ventilate has therapeutic value to the patient. But ultimately, it's up to the patient to seek help and make a change.”
By Eddie Chikamhi
Zimbabwean football yesterday woke up to some depressing news following the death of Douglas Tanyanyiwa, a former Dynamos benefactor and owner of ex-Premiership football club Douglas Warriors. He was 64.
Tanyanyiwa, who has been unwell for some time, died in the morning yesterday, a day after he had an operation on his leg.
A family member said mourners are gathered at No. 15 Skymaster Drive, Ridgeview, in Harare.
Mourners are expected to leave for his rural home this afternoon ahead of the burial that has been set for tomorrow in Chivhu.
Former Dynamos chairman Simon Makaza yesterday said Zimbabwe football had lost one of its pillars considering the sacrifices he made to develop the game at the turn of the century.
“The news came as a great shock to me because this is a man I have known for so many years. He was so passionate about football.
“He invested a lot of resources to develop the game. Needless to mention that he produced a number of players that went on to play for the national team.
“And, besides owning his own club, he was a Dynamos supporter through and through. He did much for the club and I can say we worked very well with him during our days at the club.
“We are only left with the pain, Dougie has run his race. We will remember him as a dedicated and loyal servant of football,” said Makaza.
Tanyanyiwa bailed out the Harare giants on countless occasions during one of their most successful period of the late ‘90s, including one incident when the Glamour Boys players had threatened to boycott the Champions League match against eventual champions Asec Mimosas of Cote dÍvoire.
In 2000 he formed his own club, Douglas Warriors, and the team gave a springboard to a number of high-profile players such as former Soccer Star of the Year Tawanda Mparati, Ronald Chitiyo, Evans Gwekwerere, Raphael Manuvire, Gilbert Mapemba, Guthrie Zhokinyi and goalkeeper Tendai Tanyanyiwa.
The businessman was born in 1954 in Chikomba district and went to school in Highfield.
He had a passion for grassroots football which he demonstrated through the sponsorship of the Douglas Car Sales High Schools soccer tournament which involved schools from Wedza and Chikomba.
ZIFA joined the nation in mourning his death with the association spokesperson Xolisani Gwesela saying Tanyanyiwa was “a champion of football development.”
“We are deeply saddened by Mr Tanyanyiwa's death, our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends in this difficult period of grief.
“Tanyanyiwa's passion for football development was inspirational, not many individuals can channel their hard-earned cash towards sponsorship of football clubs, but he did, that is how special he was.
“We greatly cherish the deceased's immense emotional and financial investment in local football for so many years.
“As we pay our last respects to a champion of football development, we can only celebrate all his good deeds and his lasting legacy. May his soul rest in eternal peace,” Gwesela said.
Meanwhile, condolence messages continued to pour in on social media yesterday.
Former Zimbabwe Saints player and goalkeeper coach Alban Mafemba described Tanyanyiwa as a football stalwart.
“It is not the Tanyanyiwas alone who have lost such stalwart. Most of us in the football fraternity have directly or indirectly benefited from his good heartedness and wisdom. We are with you in this time of bereavement,” he said.
Black Rhinos forward Lot Chiunga also joined in the mourning.
“You took us under your wings and made us what we're today and I will never forget what you did for me and my family. I am pained, Douglas Warriors was my home for life.” The Herald
Matthew Stafford 2.0; Wentz's bad company: 5 NFL things to watch With all the games, backstories, injuries and developments in a given week in the NFL, it is tough to know what to look for Sunday. Here are five things to...
Packers can't just rely on Lambeau Field to beat Lions The Packers have beaten the Lions 22 years in a row at Lambeau Field, but Detroit's current winning streak in the series is the more pertinent one for Green Bay....
Cowboys will beat Eagles to take control of NFC East The Eagles' Thanksgiving Day massacre of the Cowboys was just 17 days ago, but it suddenly feels like 17 years. Plenty has happened to Philadelphia and Mark Sanchez since that...
First-ever Brady-Rodgers clash could be Super Bowl preview GREEN BAY, Wis. — The Patriots' visit to the Packers Sunday is both a potential Super Bowl preview and a true oddity. It doesn't seem possible that this matchup of...
Seahawks must cool red-hot Cardinals to keep division hopes alive The Seahawks' “dynasty” certainly didn't last very long, but don't count out the defending Super Bowl champions just yet. Seattle still has its intimidating “12th Man” advantage at CenturyLink Field...
Eagles 1st in series of stiff tests for surprising Arizona The rubber is about to meet the road for the surprising Cardinals. Arizona has defied a slew of injuries and seemingly all logic in compiling a 5-1 record that has...
49ers embrace underdog status heading into Denver Pity the poor, battered, undermanned 49ers. That's exactly what coach Jim Harbaugh hopes everyone will do Sunday night when he takes his shorthanded team into Denver with the unenviable task...
Seattle likely to stop surprising Cowboys streak As impressive and surprising as the Cowboys' 4-1 start is, it is hard not to think Dallas is living on borrowed time. And time could be up as soon as...
Powerful Bengals could add to Pats' woes FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — The Patriots might be on to Cincinnati, as coach Bill Belichick liked to remind everyone last week, but that isn't exactly a good thing for his suddenly...
By now, the average investor has heard that the U.S. 10-year government bond yield hit 3% early Tuesday for the first time in about four years.
So, what does that mean? Is it just a psychological barrier or a key threshold that could augur ill for the broader market?
There are a number of ways to think about the recent development. However, here's what may be behind the rise in the benchmark yield, which is used as a barometer for borrowing costs for everything from car loans and home mortgages to corporate debt.
Economic growth
The Federal Reserve has been hiking interest rates since the end of 2015, a rate hike in March marked the sixth as the central bank attempts to normalize monetary policy after nearly a decade of accommodative rates in the wake of the 2008-09 financial crisis.
See: Stock investors are freaking out about bonds ending a 3 decadelong bull run—but should they be?
“Growth. First of all, it is telling us the economic growth picture is solid,” said Kristina Hooper, chief global market strategist at Invesco, in a research note.
That solid growth means that the Fed should be lifting interest rates to a more natural level. The Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bostic sees that level at 2.25% to 2.75%. In March, the Fed raised rates a quarter point to a range of 1.5%-1.75%. That suggests that the market could be done for three or four more rate increases before the end of the year. It is possible that the market is increasing its expectation for yields and driving prices yields, which move inversely to price, higher.
Read: Here's why stock-market investors are focused on a 3% 10-year Treasury yield
Inflation
Inflation is a bane to bondholders, eroding the value of their fixed payments. So, expectations for rising inflation, or prices, can force selling in Treasurys and drive yields higher.
Expectations for inflation, which had earlier been running below the Fed's annual target of 2%, have shifted higher. San Francisco Fed President John Williams, who is poised to be the New York Fed boss, last week said the inflation should hit the central bank's 2% goal this year and stay at or above that goal for “another couple of years.”
Rising crude-oil prices and the value of other commodities also are factoring in to these elevated inflation estimates. West Texas Intermediate crude oil for June delivery selling on the New York Mercantile Exchange CLM8, -1.25% has risen 5.7% so far in April, putting commodity on pace to register its best monthly gain since January, according to FactSet data. So far this, year, crude prices are up 12.2%, compared with a decline of 3.4% for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.74% and a loss of 2% for the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.34% in the first four months of the year.
Check out: Here's how some are thinking about the correlation between oil and Treasury yields
Bonds versus stocks
Benchmark yields at 3% means that risk-free government paper can compete more decisively with assets perceived as risky as stocks. The average dividend yield for stocks trading on the S&P 500 index is 2%, while the dividend yield for the average Dow component is 2.4%. That friction can cause investors to re-evaluate their overall investment composition.
Moreover, higher 10-year yields imply that borrowing costs are climbing, making it more expensive for corporations to deliver earnings unless their businesses commensurately increase their performance along with the rise in rates.
This dynamic means that corporate earnings coming in mostly from the first quarter may not be good enough to justify investors paying relatively rich prices to own stocks.
Check out this report on equity valuations and yields from MarketWatch's Anora M. Gaudiano, which explains that investors have been shaking off expensive stocks against an easy-money backdrop, but rates scaling higher rings warning bells.
A similar equity selloff in stocks occurred back in early February when yields mounted a charge higher, Hooper said: “We have already experienced this phenomenon in the past few months—recall the drop in stocks in early February when the 10-year yield rose materially—and so we will want to follow this situation closely. With regard to risk assets, I believe investors need to maintain exposure, but be well-diversified and discerning in this environment.”
Here comes the issuance
Additional fiscal boost to the U.S. economy coming from the tax cuts signed into law late last year by President Donald Trump and a two-year budget deal, are both underpinning expectations for a glut of issuance of Treasurys.
“Recently the US Congressional Budget Office released revised projections that show an expected increase in government deficits, which means the US government will most likely be issuing more government bonds. In addition, as part of its balance sheet normalization plan, the Fed is gradually increasing the sales of US Treasuries that it holds on its balance sheet. This all suggests there is a good possibility that, even if demand remains stable, supply will increase significantly—leading to falling Treasury bond prices and rising yields,” Hooper wrote.
Read: Here's what ‘twin deficits' means for the dollar and the Fed
Equity markets
The stock market hasn't reacted favorably to rising rates on Tuesday because they mean everything is more expensive. That is to say, it may cost more for companies to generate profits.
The anticipated trend by bearish market participants is that yields will continue to climb.
“We are bearish US rates and think there are good macro reasons—including labor market strength, inflation normalization and a fiscal boost—for US Treasury yields to trend higher and so today's move is consistent with the upward trend seen over the past several months and in line with our expectations,” wrote Iain Lindsay, co-head at Goldman Sachs Asset Management's portfolio management and fixed-income unit.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Scientists have been watching ‘Oumuamua, the first known interstellar asteroid, with fascination since it landed on their screens in October. And beginning on Wednesday, a team will be studying it in search of something that would make the object even more groundbreaking: signals indicating it is in communication with extraterrestrial intelligent life. That decision is based…
His Senate confirmation process may have been tough, but the most difficult challenges lie ahead for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
America's new top diplomat will be tested during his maiden overseas trip to meet counterparts at a Group of 20 world powers gathering in Germany on Thursday and Friday.
From the U.S. relationship with the likes of Russian and China, to the new administration's take on conflicts in the Middle East and crushing extremism, here are some of the issues Tillerson will have to grapple with.
Russia
On the sidelines of the G-20 meeting, Tillerson is expected to meet with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov. It'll be his first chance to start brokering a rapprochement with the Kremlin that President Donald Trump has signaled he's in favor of.
Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin speaks with Rex Tillerson in 2011. Alexey Druzhinin / RIA Novosti via AFP - Getty Images, file
To Moscow, the benefits of such a deal are obvious: It hopes to see the lifting of international sanctions imposed after its forces helped seize and then annex Ukraine's southern peninsula of Crimea. In December, the U.S. also imposed sanctions against Russia and expelling 35 diplomats in retaliation for the alleged orchestration of hacking attacks designed to interfere in the presidential election.
But prospects for warming relations have suffered setbacks, chief among them National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's resignation Monday over his contact with Russia's ambassador. Tillerson's own close connections to Putin have also come under scrutiny.
Experts also ask whether the mooted warming of relations with Russia is even possible, given the failure of the Obama administration's own attempts.
Trump "clearly wants to make a deal with [Russian President Vladimir Putin]," said Chris Brown, a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics. "What's not clear is what Putin is prepared to offer in the way of a deal."
"What could stymie both of them is that Putin might not be offering anything that's viable," he added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM JAN. 12: Rex Tillerson Grilled on Russia on Capitol Hill 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Russia's military muscle-flexing will surely complicate Lavrov-Tillerson chats. According to the Pentagon, four Russian aircraft flew in an "unsafe and unprofessional" manner near a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea last week.
China and North Korea
While Russia's relationship with the White House has come under scrutiny in recent weeks, some experts believe that China-U.S. ties pose the most serious challenge.
According to Reuters, Tillerson has already played a key role in convincing Trump to change course and commit to recognize the "One China" policy. This was a key step in beginning to normalize relations between the governments, after Trump repeatedly lashed out at China and broke with longstanding U.S. policy by taking a call from the president of Taiwan.
Related: China Is Both Threat, Opportunity for Trump
With China more economically able and politically inclined to assert itself globally, Tillerson will have to tread delicately in his relationship with Beijing.
In addition, China's status as nuclear-armed North Korea's most important ally means that the U.S. has a significant interest in developing a relationship that would which would allow Tillerson to try and pressure Pyongyang through Beijing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM FEB. 12: North Korean Missile Test Was 'Show of Force' to Pres. Trump, Says South 0:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
China's help in containing North Korea, which has tested one ballistic missile since Trump came to office, will be crucial.
However, Tillerson's comments during his confirmation hearings that the U.S. should "block access" to disputed islands China has reclaimed in disputed regions of the South China Sea set off a war of words with Beijing, suggesting that balancing the needs of Trump's "America First" stance with diplomacy could be problematic.
NATO and Europe
During the presidential campaign Trump sent spasms of anxiety through America's NATO partners, blasting the transatlantic military alliance as "obsolete," and suggesting the U.S. would not come to the aid of allies who were attacked unless they boosted financial contributions.
Experts say that comments like these, combined with Trump's oft-expressed admiration for Putin, have left NATO members fearful that the alliance's strongest member would not defend them in the event of Russian aggression.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Mattis Emphasizes Trump's 'Strong Support' for NATO 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's not a five-alarm fire yet, because that's been talk and what comes now is actual concrete policy," said Adam Quinn, an expert in international politics at the U.K.'s University of Birmingham. "The Europeans will be keen to see … if they can steer the administration toward something more like what they would see as a workable solution."
Trump's vocal support for Britain quitting the European Union, known as Brexit, has also ruffled feathers in Europe.
At a recent summit of European leaders in Malta, presidents and prime ministers, including France's Francois Hollande, lined up to denounce Trump's comments on relations with Europe, branding the president's positions as "extremism."
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012
Tillerson has already begun the process of trying to smooth out the relationship with EU, meeting with the bloc's foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, in Washington, D.C., earlier this month.
Iran
Tillerson will face a complex set of challenges in the Middle East — with Iran among them.
Tehran and Washington are on opposite sides of a number of conflicts, with Iran helping prop up Syria's President Bashar al-Assad and training and supplying Houthi rebels in Yemen. It has also conducted three missile tests since Trump became president, which do not violate international agreements but are broadly seen as a challenge to the new administration. The Trump White House hit Iran with new sanctions for the tests and for its alleged sponsorship of terrorism.
Then there's the 2015 agreement with Iran that seeks to curtail Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions. Trump called it "the worst deal ever negotiated" during the campaign, but more recently reassured EU the administration was committed to fully implementing the pact.
Israelis and Palestinians
Trump, the famous dealmaker, has publicly said that he wants to kick-start a renewed push for peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians. He has also suggested his son-in-law Jared Kushner could "make peace" between the two sides — a goal that has defeated previous administrations.
What exactly Trump — and Tillerson — plan to do is unclear.
What is clear is that the new U.S. president is seen as sympathetic to hard-line Israeli settlements on private Palestinian land, an issue at the heart of the conflict. The president has also pledged to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem — something that would likely enrage Palestinians and other Arabs.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM FEB. 2: Israeli UN Ambassador: 'Settlements Are Not The Obstacle To Peace' 5:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
He also named David Friedman — who voiced skepticism of a two-state solution, the bedrock of U.S. policy for the conflict, and compared left-leaning pro-Israel groups to Jews who collaborated with Nazis — as his ambassador to Israel.
But while many Israeli nationalists believe they have an ally in Trump, the White House has also said "the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful" in a achieving peace.
ISIS
Trump could not have been clearer during the campaign: He would crush ISIS, and Obama's war against the extremists was "a disaster."
One piece of good news is that by the time Trump got to the White House ISIS has been run out of all major cities in Iraq and Syria except for Mosul and Raqqa. But they still pose a threat, and not only in the Middle East.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM FEB. 7: President Assad: Trump Position on ISIS is 'Promising' 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Trump's signature step to combat extremist acts on American soil — his travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries — has been stalled in the U.S. courts.
Stepping up the fight against ISIS in the Middle East could involve more boots on the ground — something Trump has said he is opposed to.
Islanders hear the boos in lethargic loss to Panthers The hole they dug for themselves was plenty deep before the Islanders finally tried to climb out of it Tuesday night. On a day when they spoke of the urgency...
Islanders' playoff hopes take hit with listless loss There are seldom meaningless NHL games in March, but for the Islanders every recent game has felt like a life-or-death affair. Following a franchise-record nine-game road trip, an eight-goal meltdown...
Defenseman is the beginning of Isles' youth auditions As the Islanders inch closer to the halfway mark of their season and the realization of their fate as playoff outsiders might be sinking in, it's not such a bad...
Why John Tavares is suddenly picking up penalty-killing duties It was hard to know how big an impact the absence of Casey Cizikas would have on the Islanders. But the gritty center missed a fifth straight game with an...
Isles' young star's return first step toward reviving his game The hope for the Islanders is that Ryan Strome can regain some confidence and let his obvious talent come through yet again. After two consecutive games as a healthy scratch,...
Islanders defense suffers another injury it can't afford Already without defensemen Dennis Seidenberg (jaw) and Ryan Pulock (lower body), the Islanders lost Adam Pelech to an upper-body injury during Monday's 2-1 overtime win over Calgary in Brooklyn. Coach...
Islanders win shootout that felt like it would never end ANAHEIM, Calif. — Goaltender Thomas Greiss has been trying to keep the same approach while the Islanders have struggled this season. He had to stick with it a little longer...
Islanders' AHL call-up impresses in place of Travis Hamonic Life without Travis Hamonic started for the Islanders on Monday night, when they played their first game without the defenseman, out with the hand injury he suffered Saturday in a...
Travis Hamonic's injury exit puts big dent in Islanders' defense As if the Islanders don't have enough problems after having dropped five of six, they played most of Saturday night's 4-3 shootout loss to Edmonton without one of their top...
Billie Lourd: Life without Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher is 'surreal' "If I say that I'm doing good, I'm too happy, and if I say that I'm not doing good, then I'm a mess."
Ricky Martin defends Versace murder drama as respectful Martin said he spoke by phone Wednesday to Antonio D'Amico after he had publicly criticized the series for what he called inaccuracies.
Carrie Fisher told 9-year-old Billie Lourd not to be 'an a--hole' "She talked to me like an adult my whole life," Lourd shared in the September issue of Town and Country.
Billie Lourd named sole beneficiary in Carrie Fisher's will The 24-year-old daughter of Fisher will inherit rights to her mom's intellectual property - such as books, specials and trademarks.
LIMERICK golfer Cian McNamara will tee it up alongside Europe's top professionals when he competes in the €6 million Dubai Duty Free Irish Open for a fourth time at Ballyliffin Golf Club beginning this Thursday.
Thirty two-year-old McNamara from Ballyclough will begin his Irish Open glory bid from the 10th tee at 9.20am this Thursday morning in the company of fellow Irish professional Simon Thornton and Scotland's Neil Bradley.
McNamara, who was attached to Limerick Golf Club, has a later tee time in Friday's second round, setting out from the first tee at 2.20pm.
The club professional at Monkstown Golf Club in Cork claimed a spot in the Irish Open by placing fourth in the qualifier at Rosapenna Golf Hotel on Sunday evening when his wife Siobhan was on his bag.
McNamara played a practice round with one of the pre-tournament favourites Rafael Cabrera-Bello, from Spain, and South Africa George Coetzee on Tuesday.
Former ‘South' of Ireland winner at Lahinch, McNamara told Leader Sport: “The Irish Open is a big deal this year.
"I just know from being here in Ballyliffin for the past few days, this is going to be a particularly hectic Irish Open. You know from the surrounds and from the practice days with the number of people around.
"I am very comfortable with it. I will have a lot of support. The members at Monkstown Golf Club have been very good to me and also the members at Limerick Golf Club. They are coming in big numbers.
“I am looking forward to getting going and giving myself the best chance.”
Another Limerickman, Peter Brazil is caddying for McNamara this week in Ballyliffin.
McNamara said: "This week I have a good friend of mine Peter Brazil caddying for me. He has come up from Limerick and will take the bag for the week.
“He's a member at Limerick Golf Club and owns Limerick Travel. It is appreciated what he is doing as he has big work commitments at the moment, taking four or five days out to caddy for me.”
McNamara opted earlier this week not to take part in the final stage of qualifying for the upcoming British Open in order to concentrate all his efforts on preparing for his Irish Open test at Ballyliffin.
McNamara narrowly missed out on making the half-way cut on each of his three Irish Open appearances at Carton House, Fota Island and County Down. He says his ambitions for this week at Ballyliffin is to play ‘good golf' and see where it takes him.
"The course is particularly challenging this week. This is for me the toughest test that I have played as regards a links set-up. Even though the weather conditions are perfect, there is a wind, but the temperature is 20 degrees plus, the greens are receptive, it is still a tough challenge.
"That could suit me here this week, it could mean scoring might not get as low as normal which I feel might play to my benefit.
"This year my (Irish Open) goal is to play good golf. If I play good golf, I will make the cut. I am not going to think about making the cut, I'm just purely concentrating on playing good golf and if I do that I can compete.
"We are going to see what happens from there. If I can play good golf I am very confident I will have a nice result this week. That is what I need to be spending my time thinking about rather than setting my result at a goal.
"I got very fortunate in that I got to play with Rafael Cabrera-Bello and George Coetzee on Tuesday in a practice round. That was a nice experience and one that offered me more confidence in that I was able to step up beside them and play and certainly hold my own.
“I think that was the most beneficial part of this week so far was getting the opportunity to play with players of that level because it just reassures you in your mind that although I have done no work towards my game and haven't put in the time like those players, I am able to compete and hold my own.”
Like a good basketball point guard, I can be productive even if I don't have the ball in my hands all the time. So I'm taking a cue from the free-flowing Golden State Warriors and trying to get everyone involved in the offense.
If Steph Curry can do it, I can too.
Yes, I'm handing over today's column to you readers by incorporating your questions and comments into the mix. If this works, maybe it will become a thing. Meanwhile, I will strive to cut back on my use of sports metaphors.
Here we go:
Let's start with a timely query from Livermore's Patty Robins, who wants to watch “The Good Fight,” a spin-off of “The Good Wife.” But she wonders how the heck she'll see it on CBS All Access, the outlet where it debuts at 8 p.m. 19.
“So is this like Hulu or Netflix?” Patty asks. “Is this a charge service? Why not fully explain it in your column? You don't say what it is or how to use it. … Why would this TV show that many of us want to see go to this unknown service?”
OK, so that's a lot of questions — along with a stern admonishment (duly noted). Yes Patty, it is indeed a streaming service. Like a lot of networks, CBS wants to join the online battle with Netflix and similar sites.
The service costs $5.99 a month, with a $9.99-a-month option for commercial-free fare. You can try it one week for free. On CBS All Access, you'll find back episodes of current CBS shows, as well as a vast catalog of past classics. It also streams some sports and live events like last Sunday's Grammy Awards.
Of course, to get more people in the tent, you need programs that can't be found elsewhere. “The Good Fight,” starring Christine Baranski, will be the first original scripted show on CBS All Access. (“Star Trek: Discovery” debuts later this year).
To allow more people to sample it, the opening episode of the legal series will also be available on ancient CBS on the same night and time. But all new episodes after that will only be available weekly on CBS All Access.
LOOKING ‘DEAD' AHEAD: Now we'll move onto “The Walking Dead,” a show that always provokes a lot of opinions. In recent months, I've published a litany of gripes about the popular drama, including its brutal violence.
Most readers seem to agree. Art Carey of Fremont, for example, wrote: “The show got off track with the arrival of Negan. I saw the first episode of the (seventh) season and was so put off by the character's sadism that I didn't return.”
And then there's this take from an online commentator who goes by the nickname of Dillymac:
“This show has not only jumped the shark, but the shark has been killed, turned into a zombie, had its head cut off, eaten by a whale, digested, turned into whale poop and eaten by starfish on the bottom of the ocean.”
Thanks for that lovely image. Suddenly, I envision a demented crossover between “The Walking Dead” and “Finding Dory.”
A ‘BETTER' COMEDY: At a time when new programs are popping up anywhere and everywhere, TV critics take great pride in leading readers through the thicket to great shows that might have gotten overlooked. To wit: FX's “Better Things,” a little gem of a comedy that debuted during the fall just as the broadcast networks were unleashing a barrage of new shows.
Anita Stapen of Piedmont wrote to thank me for my positive plug of the series and deliver her own glowing review:
“I loved this show and thought (lead star) Pamela Adlon was beyond terrific. Brilliant! I've never seen a more real depiction of parenting, especially one of a mother dealing with teen daughters. … So I'm hoping the show is renewed.”
You're so right, Anita. And you're in luck. FX has ordered a second season of “Better Things.”
BOWLED OVER: As usual, companies paid huge bucks to advertise in this year's Super Bowl. But it seems that, for the most part, you weren't all that impressed.
Commenting on our online Super Bowl poll post, Gordon Freeman put it tersely: “The commercials sucked this year. Nothing memorable.”
Still, there were some diamonds in the rough. The winner of our poll was 84 Lumber, the building-supply company that produced a moving story of a Mexican mom and daughter on the long trek to America. (This was the ad that had to be revised when Fox objected to the image of a border wall).
Finishing second was the slapstick-filled ad for Kia Niro starring Melissa McCarthy as a battered and bruised eco-warrior. Coming in third place was the Budweiser spot that featured the feel-good immigrant's journey of Budweiser company cofounder Adolphus Busch.
Many thanks to everyone who participated in the poll.
Contact Chuck Barney at cbarney@bayareanewsgroup.com. Follow him at Twitter.com/chuckbarney and Facebook.com/bayareanewsgroup.chuckbarney.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – The University of Louisville has granted two players release from the football program.
The university made the announcement regarding linebacker Isaac Stewart and defensive back Lyn Strange on Wednesday.
Stewart appeared in 11 games for UofL in 2017, according to the release. He finished with 26 tackles and two tackles for loss. Stewart is a native of Charlotte, North Carolina, according to the release.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Strange sat out as a redshirt for the Cardinals last season, according to the release. He is a native of Leon, Florida.
UofL has not released the reason why the releases were requested.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The summer's most sizzling scandals and triumphant returns From “sex cults” to leaked nude pics and divorces with alleged nanny threesomes, some celebs really felt the heat this summer.
Stars living the luxe life — and spreading the wealth On the latest Page Six Best of Summer, we look at who went overboard and who were the selfless heroes of the season.
The sexiest beach bodies of summer Celebrities put their best bikinis — and boardshorts — forward this summer as they sunned, swam and swanned around hot spots from South Beach to St. Barts and Martha's Vineyard...
J-Rod is this summer's hottest celebrity couple Summer flings, dog day divorces, publicity-pumped power couples and May-December romances — this summer Page Six had ‘em all.
TORONTO -
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
President Trump on Wednesday dismissed allegations that officials from his presidential campaign were in contact with Russian intelligence officers, instead blaming the mushrooming controversy on a familiar foe: Hillary Clinton.
“This Russian connection non-sense [sic] is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign,” Trump tweeted in response to reports that members of his campaign team communicated with Russian intel officials throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.
The president did not explain his theory, or deny his campaign was in contact with Russian officials.
“Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia,” he added.
“The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable.”
But, he added, “@foxandfriends is great!”
More than that, Ubisoft recently announced an add-on scenario for Rainbow Six: Siege where you're battling zombies and aliens in New Mexico. Ghost Recon: Wildlands also entered the jungle with a Predator-themed expansion late last year. So yeah, the season pass' deviations from Far Cry 5's main story aren't entirely unprecedented.
More than just expansion episodes, though, season pass purchasers will also gain access to Far Cry 3 Classic Edition, which sounds like a gussied up version of the third game in the series. That'll go on sale separately for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One this year, but PC players and console folks who buy the season pass (or the game's "gold" edition) will get it four weeks ahead of everyone else.
What's missing is pricing for the season pass. The standard game is $60, while the gold edition is $90. The extra $30 includes the base game, season pass and some cosmetic items. We've reached out to Ubisoft for additional information and will update this post should it arrive. Far Cry 5 will be released on March 27th.
Whether you own a Nintendo Switch, a PS4 Pro, or an Xbox One X, you've got a platform capable of playing new, cutting-edge games — but what sets these machines apart from each other, or from mainstream gaming PCs? In many cases, less than you might think.
Traditional PCs are designed as generalist systems with the option to add workload-specific accelerators, like high-end GPUs. Because consoles fit into smaller spaces and are purpose-built for gaming, they can take advantage of a higher degree of component integration. Smartphones, game consoles, and PCs all use a type of highly integrated processor known as an SoC, or System-on-Chip. The SoC contains the actual CPU cores, the CPU L1 and L2 caches, a graphics processor, various I/O connectivity (USB ports, hard drives), and the memory controller that interfaces between the other function blocks and the main system RAM. In the old days, these functions were typically broken out into multiple chips on the motherboard; today they're integrated into a single functional block.
For reference and example, here's the motherboard off a launch PlayStation 3.
The Nvidia-built GPU is on the left, the Cell Broadband Engine (CPU) is on the right, and the chip above the CBE is the southbridge, where I/O connectivity was provided. The CPU's XDR RAM is the four blocks of just to the right of the CBE. Compare that with the Xbox One X:
While machines like the PS3 eventually moved to a single SoC later in the platform's lifespan, the Xbox One X and PS4 debuted with these technologies in place. The rationale is simple: The fewer chips on the board, the less complex the routing and the fewer components you have to pay to install. The Xbox One X's central SoC is the large processor on the board surrounded by its memory. While we've focused on the Xbox One X and Switch as the most-and-least powerful consoles of their respective generations, these trends hold true for the PS4 and PS4 Pro as well.
What's impressive is that you can see this same design philosophy on a device like the Nintendo Switch and on your own smartphone.
This image, from iFixit, shows the Switch's SoC (red), the 4GB of RAM (orange), and its Wi-Fi and Bluetooth controllers (2x green boxes). What's surprising isn't that mobile devices are tightly integrated, but that we've seen this integration play out even in large systems. The same is absolutely true of PCs. While many PCs continue to offer large numbers of external expansion ports via PCI Express (thereby requiring certain minimum amounts of real estate), many to all of those connective ports use silicon built directly into AMD and Intel's latest CPUs.
At a hardware level, PCs and consoles are more alike than ever. Switch runs on ARM, but the Xbox One and PS4 (and their upgrades) are all x86 processors that use a PC-derived graphics architecture. Practically speaking, the only difference between the Xbox, PS4, and PC are the operating system they run and the capabilities the developer has chosen to expose to end users.
Now read: The Best Free Games on the PS4 and the Xbox One.
Video
"Where you from, buddy?"
Despite initially struggling to understand his accent during a press conference, Alexander Zverev made a promise to one reporter if he won the tournament.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095131","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095131","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
By Bill W
April 17, 2017 – To say Sam Hafertepe Jr. and the Keith Dobbs #15H team are on a roll is an understatement! The Sunnyvale, Texas native won his fifth Lucas Oil ASCS National Series feature in a row last Saturday at the Missouri State Fair Speedway in Sedalia. The win set a new record to start a season for ASCS and tied the all-time record, set by Hall of Famer Gary Wright back in 2005. Weather pending, Sam hopes to compete in the Park City Cup/Air Capital Shoout at 81 Speedway near Wichita, Kansas this Friday and Saturday.
Sam would start sixth in his heat. “The track was pretty good,” he says of the day-time surface. “There wasn't a lot of passing in the other heats, and we were a little worried,” he says. “Our car was just really good though. We were able to get through the middle of three and four, where other drivers had to go up top or right on the bottom. That allowed us to get by those guys.”
At that point, he was in second. “We ran down (Justin) Henderson for the lead,” says Sam. “We were probably a lap short of getting by him. We just had a really good car at that point. We were just better than anyone in three and four. That was really the story of the night.”
The run was enough for Sam to make to redraw, in which he drew a feature starting spot outside of row two. “We were able to get a heck of a jump on the first start and got up to second right away,” he says. “The caution came out though, and everyone knew my strategy on that one. We fell back to fifth and we were really tight.”
It took some time to move back through the pack. “We had to cycle some laps out there, and we finally got to fourth,” says Sam. “The caution came out on lap eight. We were able to slide in front of (Blake) Hahn there in one and two. We got a good run through there and slid (Jonathan) Cornell for second in three and four. That allowed us to get into second behind Johnny (Herrera).”
Sam and Johnny put on a slide fest for the lead! “We tracked him slowly for a few laps there,” says Sam. “We finally made the pass when we got to traffic. Once we made that pass, we had a caution a few laps later. On the restart, he got a really good run and slid me in one and two. We traded slide jobs for two or three corners. We were finally able to get by him and hang on to the win.”
Inevitably when someone is on a roll like Sam's, there are cries of cheating. It goes with the territory. “There are some people talking about that,” he says. “We just take it with a grain of salt. I guess if you're going well, you have to be cheating. It's kind of a compliment really. That means you're doing something right. We'll keep going the way we have been. Everything has been checked on our car. I don't know what else there is to check! Someone said that usually it's the people that are cheating that are wondering why they're getting beat. Maybe that's the case. We don't worry too much about that stuff.”
Sam Online
Website: www.Sam15.com
Sam Hafertepe Jr. | 410 and 360 Sprint Car Driver of … www.sam15.com Sam Hafertepe Jr. – Historic Roll Continues in Fort Worth! (Bill W) April 10, 2017 – Sam Hafertepe Jr. and the Keith Dobbs #15H sprint car team are officially in …
Twitter: @SamHafertepeJr
Facebook: www.facebook.com/pages/Sam-Hafertepe-Jr-and-The-Plumbfast-Racing-Team/116304711773031?ref=br_tf
Log In or Sign Up to View www.facebook.com See posts, photos and more on Facebook.
Sam's Weekly Releases
If you'd like to be added to Sam's e-mail list for weekly releases, e-mail sprntcar@hotmail.com with “Sam” in the Subject Line.
Sam would like to thank Highway 79 Collision Center, the Sparks Family, Kiebler & Sons Lawn and Landscaping, Keizer Aluminum Wheels, Champion Oil, NAPA Auto Parts of Franklin and Sherwin Williams, FK Rod Ends, 21R Youth Racing League, Huggins Cams, CP Carrillo, Callie's, Vortex Wings, Simpson Racing Products, Kinsler Injection, Barnes Oil Systems, DMI, Fisher Racing Engines, Moose Blocks, J&J Auto Racing, KSE, Smiley's Racing Products, Hoosier Tire, Brown & Miller Racing Solutions.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Batley Bulldogs 4-42 London Broncos
LONDON BRONCOS continued their resurgence with a comprehensive victory at top four rivals Batley Bulldogs.
A couple of quickfire tries to saw London hit the ascendancy as Elliot Kear's fifth minute score was added to minutes later by Jay Pitts.
James Cunningham went over for the Broncos' third midway through the half before a gutsy defensive effort kept the hosts scoreless before half time.
Matty Garside went over for London early in the second half but Brad Day pegged them back with Batley's first try.
That was to be the Bulldogs' only score however as Mark Ioane extended London's lead and Alex Bretherton was sinbinned for dissent.
Cunningham went over for his second before Lewis Bienik and Kameron Pearce-Paul added further scores as the Broncos ran riot late on.
A full roundup of today's Super League and Championship action will be available in Monday's League Express.
BULLDOGS: Scott, Hayward, Smeaton, Bretherton, Hallett, Walker, Brambani, Gledhill, Leak, Rowe, Day, Farrell, Manning. Subs: Lillycrop, Harrison, Brown, Holmes.
BRONCOS: Walker, Williams, Hellewell, Kear, Pearce-Paul, Pewhairangi, Barthau, Evans, Cunningham, Ioane, Harrison, Pitts, Davies. Subs: Foster, Garside, Offerdahl, Bienek.
As the waves of violence in the West Bank and Jerusalem ebb and flow, in just two days a stabbing in Jerusalem's Old City and a vehicular ramming attack in the northern West Bank claimed the lives of three Israelis, including two soldiers.
Adiel Colman was stabbed to death Sunday in Jerusalem's Old City by 28-year-old Abd al-Rahman Bani Fadel from the West Bank. According to Israel's Shin Bet security agency, Fadel had received a permit to look for work and had spoken to several vendors in the Muslim Quarter before carrying out the attack. Fadel was shot and killed on the spot.
On Saturday in the northern West Bank, brigade commander Cpt. Ziv Daus, 21, and 20-year-old Sgt. Netanel Kahalani were killed when Ala Kabach rammed his car into them . The Shin Bet said that Kabach had been released from Israeli prison last April after serving time on security-related charges. Kabach was caught by troops and admitted under interrogation that he carried out the attack for nationalistic purposes.Both Fadel and Kabach are believed to have acted alone, two more so-called “lone-wolf terrorists” in what has been called the “Knife Intifada.” In the wave of violence that began in October 2015, Palestinian youths have stabbed, run over and shot Israeli soldiers and civilians, including some tourists, in the West Bank and Israel.Even with Israeli security forces, including the Shin Bet, the IDF and the police increasing their efforts to prevent such lone attacks, 17 Israelis were killed in 2016, another 20 in 2017.In the first three months of 2018, five Israelis have been killed.Data released by the Shin Bet showed an uptick in attacks in the month of February, with 149 attacks, compared to 118 to the previous month. There were 118 in the West Bank alone, another 20 in Jerusalem.By comparison, in the month of December 2017, the agency recorded 249 attacks, 234 of which were carried out in Jerusalem and the West Bank. In November there were 84 total attacks, only one did not occur in the West Bank or Jerusalem.DESPITE THE numbers, prominent Israeli military analyst Ehud Yaari, on a call organized by The Israel Project, stated that there has been “no change in pattern or intensity in lone-wolf attacks” in the West Bank.There has been “no departure from what we have seen in last few years in the West Bank, which has been more or less contained by Israel, which is better able to anticipate them by screening social media,” Yaari said.“You have some better months, some worse months. The IDF has changed the way they gather intelligence and hundreds of attacks are foiled,” he said, explaining that while many attackers may not have any relation to political groups, many will change their Facebook profile pictures knowing that they will be killed during the attack.“Israeli intelligence agencies look out for that,” said Yaari.The IDF does not only rely on social media screening in preventing attacks. Troops carry out nightly raids in the West Bank, confiscating illegal arms and terrorists' funds, giving Israel flexibility and the upper hand against possible lone wolves and even organized cells.The security coordination with the Palestinian Authority, which continues despite the tension, has also prevented a good number of attacks against Israelis. Some were planned by Hamas with the intent to ignite a new wave of violence in the West Bank. One such Hamas-funded attack in January near the outpost of Havat Gilad claimed the life of Rabbi Raziel Shevach.But the army cannot carry out the same sort of preventive measures in the Gaza Strip, where during the 100 days since US President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital , weekly protests along the border fence have grown increasingly violent, with protesters bringing firearms and grenades to use against IDF troops on the other side of the fence.During these riots, Palestinians have also planted several improvised explosive devices on the border fence. In mid-February, one was hidden inside a flag pole on the fence that detonated, seriously injuring four IDF soldiers.Following that incident, IDF Spokesman Brig.-Gen. Ronen Manelis warned, “These spontaneous demonstrations are also used for terrorist activity, and these events will be met with an uncompromising response.”On March 30, Palestinians will mark Land Day and Israel's security establishment is bracing for thousands to riot across the West Bank and Gaza Strip, demanding that Palestinians be allowed to return “home” to Israel.Groups have also called on Gazans to erect a tent city as close as possible to the border fence and remain there until “Nakba Day” on May 15 as a form of peaceful resistance.This will pose a dilemma for Israel: With an uptick of violence in the West Bank and facing the new trend of IEDs being placed on the fence during the protests, will Palestinians in their tents receive the “uncompromising response” Manelis warned about?
Confirmed Team News: Arsenal vs Crystal Palace lineups
Arsenal team to play Crystal Palace
The time for waiting is over – here's our first starting XI of 2017#AFCvCPFC pic.twitter.com/HtkOESu47P — Arsenal FC (@Arsenal) January 1, 2017
Arsenal are without star man Mesut Ozil for today's clash with Crystal Palace.
Arsene Wenger make three changes to the side that beat West Bromwich Albion last time out.
Nacho Monreal, Mohamed Elneny and Lucas Perez come into the team to replace Kieran Gibbs, Francis Coquelin and Ozil, who is missing due to illness.
Starting XI: Cech, Bellerin, Gabriel, Koscielny, Monreal, Elneny, Xhaka, Iwobi, Alexis, Lucas, Giroud
Crystal Palace team to play Arsenal
Crystal Palace make just one change to the side that drew with Watford for today's trip to Arsenal.
Damien Delaney is replaced by James Tomkins at the heart of defence.
Starting XI: Hennessey; Kelly, Dann (c), Tomkins, Ward; Cabaye, Flamini, Puncheon; Townsend, Zaha; Benteke
It's hard to think of droughts these days, but it's been a long time since Menlo-Atherton captured a girls soccer title in the Peninsula Athletic League.
M-A began its stint in the PAL Bay as a three-peat champion (1997, '98, '99).
Carlmont immediately took over supremacy with seven-straight titles, while Woodside finished atop the standings the past four seasons.
But entering the last week of the regular season, the Bears ended a 17-year dry spell with a 3-0 victory at Aragon on Saturday to become PAL Bay champs.
So it's fair to imagine the players were thrilled, right?
“Actually, it was weird,” M-A Jason Luce said. “Happy that we won the title, but no one was really celebrating because I don't think we played very well.”
That's the new standard at M-A, which took home a Central Coast Section trophy for the first time in program history last year as the Division I champion.
It will be much tougher this time around, as the Bears automatically qualified for the CCS Open Division.
Simply calling themselves PAL Bay champs doesn't seem like enough anymore.
“It's been a long time, but I don't think the players care too much about the history,” Luce said. “I mean, I think it's nice to know and the coaches like it. Anytime you do something we haven't done in a while, it's fun. But I think they have their eye on the Open and how tough it's going to be.”
It was tough to picture M-A at this juncture near the end of the preseason after an 0-3-1 start.
But after 5-1 victory on senior day against Capuchino — the 14th in a row — the Bears (14-3-1, 13-0-0 Bay) certainly don't lack confidence heading into the playoffs.
“I knew we had a really tough preseason (schedule), so I wasn't too worried about the results early on,” Luce said. “But you're never quite sure. I knew we had a good team, but we've put on a good run so far.”
Key to that success is forward Katie Guenin, who leads the team with 26 goals, including another pair on Tuesday.
“She's a four-year starter and she's a special player,” Luce said. “It's easy to coach someone like her because she's super driven and competitive like I am. You don't have to say much to get her going. She's ready to play — always.”
The regular season ends Thursday at Woodside (10-6-3, 10-2-1), last year's inaugural CCS Open Division champion.
The match could turn into a case of “Freaky Friday” for M-A, seeing as roughly 12 months ago the Bears kept the Wildcats from finishing unbeaten in the PAL Bay.
“It's like role reversal from last year,” Luce said. “So I understand the trappings of that game.”
Elsewhere
• WBAL: Denied by its rival and neighbor last week, Sacred Heart Prep secured its third-straight West Bay Athletic League Foothill Division title on the road with a 3-0 victory Tuesday at Crystal Springs Uplands in Hillsborough.
The Gators (13-5-1, 8-1-1) got a pair of goals from junior forward Mia Shenk, who extending her team-best tally to 12.
• WCAL: St. Francis is tied atop the West Catholic Athletic League standings and hopes to celebrate senior night on Wednesday with at least a share of the West Catholic Athletic League title.
The Lancers (12-3-2, 6-1-2) share the same WCAL record with Mitty, but must worry about the opponent at hand — third-place St. Ignatius (11-5-3, 5-3-1).
• SCVAL: Palo Alto kept suspense alive in the Santa Clara Valley Athletic League De Anza Division by taking care of business with a 5-0 trouncing of Fremont-Sunnyvale in its regular-season finale Tuesday.
Paly (14-0-4, 8-0-4) currently sits ahead in the standings, but Mountain View (15-1-3, 8-1-2) can leapfrog its way into first place with a win at Los Gatos on Thursday night.
Whichever way things play out, the runner-up could possibly end up facing M-A in the opening round of the eight-team CCS Open Division bracket.
“That's going to be a tough draw for us,” Luce said. “The good thing is we get to play at home. That's one silver lining.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Latest on Dakota Access oil pipeline protesters who unfurled a banner inside U.S. Bank Stadium during a Minnesota Vikings game (all times local):
10:30 a.m.
Police say a woman arrested following the hanging a Dakota Access pipeline protest banner from the roof of U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during a Minnesota Vikings' game is suspected of burglary.
Police spokesman Officer Corey Schmidt said Monday that the 27-year-old woman is also accused of obstructing legal process.
Police haven't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon during the Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof of the stadium and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass and burglary. Formal charges against the three are expected Tuesday.
The pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
___
7:30 a.m.
Police have arrested a third suspect after opponents to the Dakota Access pipeline hung a banner from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The 27-year-old woman is accused of obstructing legal process. Police haven't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass. Formal charges are pending.
The game wasn't interrupted, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution.
The Dakota Access pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Fire engineer Brian Emery was driving his station's engine back from a call for a minor car crash when hundreds of hysterical people began swarming the vehicle near an outdoor country music festival in Las Vegas.
“Then, suddenly, we heard automatic gunfire,” Emery recalled Thursday after his crew became the first to respond to the deadliest shooting in modern American history.
It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 — Emery, team leader Capt. Ken O'Shaughnessy and two firefighters, including a rookie — were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive on Sunday night.
Emery said the surge of people forced him to stop the firetruck just a few blocks from the outdoor venue where Stephen Paddock unleashed gunfire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino just after 10 p.m.
“There were so many people around us, initially I couldn't drive out of there,” Emery said.
Finally, there was a break in the crush of people and he inched the engine to a parking area. The crew began treating patients brought by concertgoers, which including off-duty emergency workers.
“After my 15 years as a paramedic, it was just automatic,” he said. “You just go to work and do what you know how to do.”
Over the next hours, the crew treated some 30 people with a range of injuries, including those who had been stepped on and crushed in the frantic crowd but largely gunshot victims struck by high-caliber fire.
They put the wounded in whatever vehicles passed by — patrol cars or private vehicles.
Meanwhile, the Clark County Fire Department started getting the first of 32 calls from multiple locations about people with gunshot wounds — from different hotels in the area, hospitals, a restaurant.
Fire Chief Greg Cassell said it took dispatchers a few minutes to understand that all the calls were connected to the same incident, “so that complicated our response.”
Cassell said that some 160 fire personnel arrived before long. Some, like Deputy Fire Chief Joe Klassen, were called in from home, in his case awakened by text messages from the department and a frantic call from an ambulance driver friend. Once there, he helped lead arriving teams on the ground.
“Fortunately, I had my uniform pressed and ready for Monday morning,” he said.
After setting up, Klassen said many off-duty firefighters and police officers approached him to offer help, hailing from places such as California, New Mexico and New York.
Emery's engine crew, meanwhile, kept working on the wounded until after the sun came up, heading back to their station just 400 feet from the iconic Las Vegas sign around 7 a.m.
WOODBRIDGE, N.J. — A longtime New Jersey high school teacher who called a student a “loser” in a Facebook post has had her teaching license suspended for two years.
The state Board of Education took the action against Paula Weckesser this month. She had been fired by the Woodbridge School District for a “prolonged period” of misconduct.
Weckesser had taught math in the district for 30 years.
Officials say Weckesser made the “loser” remark in response to a student's comment.
Besides the Facebook posting, officials say she ridiculed a student whose native language was not English. She also was regularly late and let her cellphone ring while students took a state exam.
Her attorney argued she should not lose her teaching certificate, but “maybe it was right she lost her job.”
NEW YORK (AP) — An estimated 6.3 million people saw the premiere of Netflix's "Lost in Space" within the first three days that the streaming service made it available this month, a promising start that would make it one of the outlet's more popular series after the phenomenon of "Stranger Things."
The Nielsen company is starting to draw the curtain back on some of the user numbers for streaming services, which have been reluctant to do so on their own.
"We've had a lot of anxiety among our clients about sharing this data with you," said Brian Fuhrer, senior vice president of product leadership for Nielsen, on Tuesday, "because they're still learning it."
Nielsen's data also shows the impact of binging: the average "Lost in Space" viewer watched the show for two and a half hours on those first few days. Netflix released 10 separate one-hour episodes of the show on April 13 and, within three days, nearly 1.2 million people watched the last episode, a clear indication they'd seen the whole season.
Roughly 10 percent of the total time spent watching television now is spent with streaming services, Nielsen said. The number approaches one-quarter of all viewing among viewers aged 12 to 17. Netflix dominates, with 49 percent of the streaming viewing coming on their service. YouTube's 10 percent is the second-highest individual service, Nielsen said.
For all of the attention that new series put on by the streaming services gets, Nielsen said that 80 percent of the viewing goes to older programs like "Friends."
Four years ago, 88 percent of television viewing came on cable or satellite. Now that number is down to 79 percent, an indication of the impact of cord cutting, Nielsen said.
On the broadcast networks last week, ABC's "Roseanne" was again the week's most-watched show.
CBS easily won the week in prime time, averaging 6.7 million viewers. NBC had 4.8 million viewers, ABC had 4.4 million, Fox had 3 million, Univision had 1.6 million, ION Television had 1.3 million, the CW had 1.2 million and Telemundo had 1.1 million.
TNT was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 3.06 million viewers in prime time. Fox News Channel had 2.37 million, MSNBC had 1.94 million, HGTV had 1.35 million and ESPN had 1.3 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8.5 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.9 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 6 million viewers.
For the week of April 16-22, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "Roseanne," ABC, 13.27 million; "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 12.91 million; "Young Sheldon," CBS, 11.67 million; "NCIS," CBS, 11.44 million; "Bull," CBS, 10.83 million; "The Voice" (Monday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 9.35 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 9.02 million; "Mom," CBS, 8.83 million; "NCIS: New Orleans," CBS, 8.46 million; "The Voice" (Wednesday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 8.39 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
By: Nathan Vicar
(WYCD) — Dashcam footage has emerged online of Carrie Underwood's traffic stop after getting pulled over by police.
A police officer in Brentwood, Tenn., pulled Underwood over on Jan. 29 for speeding.
In the video, obtained by Inside Edition, the superstar is nothing but polite and cooperative when the officer approaches her SUV. She apologizes profusely after he asks, “What's the big hurry, ma'am?”
“I wasn't even paying attention,” Underwood replies, quickly adding, “I know that's no excuse.”
Underwood was given a verbal warning and allowed to continue on her way, but she felt so bad that she still apologized for the incident,.
Related: Carrie Underwood Avoids First Ever Speeding Ticket
The country star shared a personally harrowing moment from the road after she was pulled over for speeding.
“Well, it happened today,” Underwood posted on Twitter. “After 18 years, I can no longer say I've never been pulled over for speeding. I feel so ashamed! I may or may not have cried in my car after the cop let me go.”
Average stay in homeless shelters has surged under de Blasio Home sweet shelter. The average stay for homeless adults in city shelters was 90 days longer in 2017 under Mayor de Blasio than during former Mayor Bloomberg's last full fiscal...
Bloomberg Businessweek's editor-in-chief steps aside Megan Murphy, the editor-in-chief of Bloomberg Businessweek who undertook a sweeping redesign last spring, is stepping away and will be replaced by Joel Weber, who has been running sister title...
The media are killing themselves with botched anti-Trump reporting ‘Our record as journalists in covering this Trump story and the Russian story is pretty good,” legendary reporter Carl Bernstein recently claimed. Pretty good? If there's a major news story...
Bloomberg lays off executives as reorganization continues Bloomberg has laid off a number of executives in its global media-licensing business, as well as in the digital and newsletters division, amid another reorganization at the financial media company,...
Bloomberg Media opening ad agency amid slumping revenues Bloomberg Media is pivoting, trying to turn at least part of its business into an ad agency and marketing firm because its traditional media operations — which include the slumping...
Chinese firm's trader linked to unmasking of Bloomberg chat users Moataz Abed, the trader who seems to have been in contact with an e-mail address that blasted out a list of anonymous Bloomberg chat participants, works at Noble Group, a...
Big data breach unmasks Bloomberg chat room users Nearly one thousand Bloomberg terminal users participating in an anonymous chat room had their identities unmasked this week when a London investment company sent out a list of the participants...
These interns probably make more money than you Want to make $8,000 a month and enjoy perks like free housing and transportation? Get an internship at Facebook. Yes, an internship. The social network tops the list of Glassdoor's...
Twitter partners with Bloomberg for 24-hour news service Twitter is partnering with Bloomberg Media for a round-the-clock streaming television news service on the social networking platform, the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday. The channel, which is yet...
WINNEMUCCA – The Bureau of Land Management Winnemucca District (BLM) and Friends of Black Rock High Rock (FBR) are soliciting artists for this year's Black Rock Desert-High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trails National Conservation Area (NCA) Artist in Residence (AiR) program. This project is sponsored by the BLM in partnership with FBR. Applications will be accepted until March 31, 2017.
Selected artists will schedule residencies for two weeks in May or June 2017. They will be required to create at least one piece of artwork inspired by the Black Rock Desert NCA that will be featured in an exhibition in the summer or fall of 2017. Artists will receive a $350 stipend from FBR for developing their work as well as room and board for the duration of their residency.
“The diversity and skill level of the artists previously chosen for the Artist-in-Residence program is impressive, and we look forward to choosing two artists to participate in this year's program,” says Michael Myers, Executive Director of FBR in a press release.
The Artist-in-Residence program promotes awareness through art of the exceptional places protected within the BLM's National Conservation Lands. The program provides an opportunity for learning and dialogue regarding the value of preserving public lands.
“The Black Rock Field Office is pleased to continue the AiR Program for 2017 in partnership with Friends of Black Rock High Rock. Each year we receive amazing applications from artists with diverse perspectives expressed in a variety of media,” says Kathy Ataman, AiR Project Lead for the BLM. “It is exciting to see how the selected artists interpret the dramatic landscapes of the Black Rock National Conservation Area and we look forward to reviewing this year's submissions.”
Further information, guidelines and applications can be found at http://www.blackrockdesert.org or contact Michael Myers at m.myers@blackrockdesert.org. You may also contact Kathy Ataman, BLM AiR Project Lead, at 775-623-1500 or kataman@blm.gov.
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for her performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after he suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
Why Samsung Should Start Buttering Up Its Customers
Samsung just hosted a press conference in Korea to share the findings of an investigation into what caused several Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire. In summary, there were two distinct battery issues, from two different manufacturers, that allowed the positive and negative electrodes to touch.
Getting to the root cause of the issue was paramount, but what we learned from this process has ramifications, not only for Samsung but for the industry, because lithium-ion batteries aren't going away anytime soon. The investigation process Samsung went through over these past few months would have been quite difficult for a manufacturer without Samsung's scale, capital, R&D facilities and workforce. Dedicating 700 researchers to evaluate 200,000 smartphones and 30,000 batteries in a newly built testing facility is dedication.
Of course, a lot was on the line here for the world's leading smartphone maker. Trust of both users and employees was at risk, and winning that trust back was paramount.
In early October, we at Creative Strategies conducted a study to assess the U.S. smartphone market. One of the areas we wanted to evaluate was the impact, if any, that the Galaxy Note 7 incident had on the brand's smartphone market. We were bullish then, and we are bullish now, that Samsung will recover from the Note 7 recall. Only 28 percent of U.S. Android owners said the Note 7 caused them to have a more negative opinion of the Samsung brand. Numbers were even lower among Samsung owners.
Consumers are generally quite forgiving and have a relatively short memory. The car industry has seen several recalls over the years, yet consumers continue to buy. The mobile industry has also seen recalls, but nothing to the extent of the Note 7. Of course, what made the Note 7 such a test case is how passionate its users are and how unwilling they were to give up their units, pushing Samsung and carriers the extra mile to get the phones back.
Samsung must show consumers that it has set in place checks and balances that will allow the company to continue to bring new technology, new designs and new features into the market in a safe and effective way.
Samsung was quick to take responsibility and step into action. Communication is where the smartphone leader could have done with more clarity. Whether due to cultural differences in communication styles or having the complexity of bringing together the Consumer Product Safety Commission, carriers and retailers, Samsung's messaging was not as direct as it could have been. Digital messages, however, were pretty clear, from warnings being displayed every time the phone was charged to limiting the charging capacity of the phone to ultimately bricking the phone.
Samsung, like any vendor in every sector that has ever had a recall, cannot promise that its products will never again suffer from a malfunction. What can be done, however, is to show that necessary steps have been taken to limit the chance of that happening again.
What is even more important when we are talking about a market leader, especially one that has gained that position by adopting new technologies early, is to show that its innovation streak will not be limited by fear. Samsung must show consumers that it has set in place checks and balances that will allow the company to continue to bring new technology, new designs and new features into the market in a safe and effective way. The new eight-point battery safety check that Samsung will implement going forward is an important step in recognizing that innovation should also come to QA, testing, safety and manufacturing processes.
BOGOTA — Colombia's government has opened its first shelter for Venezuelans who are pouring across the border in ever-larger numbers to escape their nation's economic crisis.
The bare-bones shelter opened Saturday near the border city of Cucuta will provide shelter of up to 48 hours for 120 people a day. Pregnant mothers, the elderly and minors who entered the country legally will be given priority. It will be administered by the Red Cross.
Cucuta has been overwhelmed in recent weeks by an increasingly large exodus of Venezuelans. Many are sleeping on the streets and crime in the city has spiked as gangs recruit and take advantage of the desperate migrants.
Some 35,000 Venezuelans cross into Colombia each day, many of them settling in with relatives or making short trips to buy food and medicine that has been scarce for years back home.
But the numbers have surged in recent months, with an estimated 200,000 now looking to stay, as four-digit inflation plunges the oil-rich nation deeper into the abyss.
Not all of them have been embraced amid growing hysteria that the economic refugees are stealing jobs and overwhelming already-stretched resources.
Last week, authorities deported 130 Venezuelans who entered the country illegally and were sleeping outdoors on a basketball court in Cucuta. Migration authorities are also seeking to toughen enforcement of migration laws even as it extends from 90 days to two years the amount of time Venezuelans can remain in the country.
“We are trying to be as generous as possible but we also must have order,” Foreign Minister Maria Holguin said this week after a special cabinet meeting to discuss the volatile situation.
President Juan Manuel Santos is expected to travel Thursday to Cucuta to review contingency plans for the burgeoning humanitarian crisis.
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs Pause
2:44 A special evening for Steph Curry
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
A lack of background checks for gun buyers plainly had nothing to do with the mass shootings that have grabbed headlines in the last few years. The weapons used in...
Take down Bashar al-Assad. That's the short answer to the question President Obama put to Benjamin Netanyahu after the latter's address to Congress. If you don't like a US nuclear...
Voters choosing no party affiliation have overtaken Republicans in Democrat-dominated California, marking a troubling slide for the GOP in the nation's most populous state that a generation ago was home to the Reagan Revolution.
Political Data Inc., which compiles figures from county election offices, reported this week that 4.84 million of California's 19 million voters declared no party preference while 4.77 million registered Republican at the close of registration for the June 5 primary. Democratic party registration was 8.44 million and voters registering with other parties totaled just under 1 million.
“The fact is, no party preference has been growing as a share for the electorate for the past many years,” said Political Data Vice President Paul Mitchell.
Like many shunning party registration, Ben Johnson, 56, of Berkeley, feels that both Democrats and Republicans are too beholden to special interest groups that bankroll their campaigns rather than the needs of regular voters. He was happy to hear unaffiliated voters like himself are gaining ground.
“Both Democrats and Republicans are puppets of corporations,” Johnson said. “We've got to overthrow all of them.”
The California Secretary of State's office will release its official numbers Friday, and spokesman Sam Mahood said he would reserve comment until then.
Matt Fleming, communications director for the California Republican Party, said the milestone “isn't surprising.” But he said the rise of no-party registration “suggests that voters are fed up with the status quo in California, which, by any objective measure, is Democrat control of Sacramento.”
“Voters have been becoming more and more independent for years,” Fleming said. “But no party preference doesn't mean voters are becoming Democrats, and we will continue to reach out to all voters.”
The California Democratic party had no comment.
California, Mitchell noted, is not the first state in which voters choosing no party have overtaken Republicans, though national comparisons are tricky because many states don't register voters by party. Unaffiliated voters overtook Republicans in North Carolina last September.
And Mitchell added that registration numbers don't necessarily translate to results at the polls. Republican Donald Trump won North Carolina in the November 2016 presidential election while California went for Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Although Republicans are losing registration numbers, “they are much more consistent voters,” Mitchell said, “especially in primaries, so their strength is stable even though their registration numbers are declining.”
Mitchell said the state's “motor voter” program that registers voters when they get or renew their driver licenses helped push unaffiliated voters over the top.
“It is likely that the final push came from the new process at the DMV,” Mitchell said.
But growth in no-party registration hasn't all come at the expense of Republicans, Mitchell said. Many of the young voters claiming no party affiliation seem politically progressive, but haven't aligned with the Democrats, he said.
“With this influx of youth into the voter files, we should be seeing growth in the Democratic party, but registration in Democratic party is flat,” Mitchell said. “We have seen a large number of new and re-registrations and a high rate of those voters are selecting ‘No Party Preference' — a rate of growth outpacing both Democrats and Republicans.”
Still, it is stunning for the Grand Old Party in California where Ronald Reagan's Republican conservatism — cutting taxes and regulation, boosting military and police — won him two terms in the governor's mansion from 1967 to 1975 and two in the White House from 1981 to 1989.
The last Republican presidential candidate to win California was George H.W. Bush, Reagan's vice president, in 1988. Former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was among the last Republicans to win statewide office in California with his 2006 re-election.
Schwarzenegger, first elected with the 2003 recall of former Gov. Gray Davis, a Democrat whose polls fell following an unpopular vehicle license fee and rolling blackouts in the state's newly deregulated electricity market, has criticized his party as out of step with California voters.
“Today we are the Titanic, after it hit the iceberg, but before the last bit of the ship submerged,” Schwarzenegger, who has supported Democratic environmental initiatives, said in March. “But unlike the Titanic, we might be able to save Leonardo DiCaprio before he goes under.”
Hoover Institution research fellow Bill Whalen said the GOP's Golden State woes stem from an identity crisis. Party activists in the state's inland communities may identify with the national party's platform. But that doesn't sell on California's more liberal, independent and populous coast where voters want strong environmental protection and civil rights for gays and other minority groups.
“What have Republicans done in the last 20 years to alienate voters? The answer lies not so much in what California Republicans have done, but the national party writ large,” Whalen said. “Schwarzenegger did not govern as a conservative Republican.”
Some prominent California Republicans have since dropped the GOP for no party affiliation. Steve Poizner, the former Silicon Valley tech executive and state insurance commissioner, is along with Schwarzenegger the last to win statewide office as a Republican.
But early this year Poizner, who lost a 2010 Republican primary for governor to former eBay CEO Meg Whitman, changed his registration to no party preference as he attempts a return to his old insurance commissioner post.
Poizner, who voted for libertarian Gary Johnson for president instead of Trump in 2016, said he regretted the “divisive tone” of his 2010 campaign in which he called for cracking down on illegal immigrants.
California party registration:
May 2018
Democrat 8,436,493 (44.4 percent)
No Party Preference 4,844,803 (25.5 percent)
Republican 4,771,984 (25.1 percent)
Other Minor Party 954,526 (5.0 percent)
November 2016
Democrat 8,042,905 (44.9 percent)
Republican 4,882,957 (27.2 percent)
No Party Preference 4,181,272 (23.3 percent)
Other Minor Party 818,021 (4.6 percent)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Locally made treats for all tastes are available at a newly opened sweet shop in Chester city centre.
Independently owned Tilly's on Watergate Street is a ‘fresh and fun' version of the traditional sweet shop.
It is owned by couple Debbie Woolnough and Toby Restorick who have spent months renovating the former newsagents.
“Tilly's Chester came about as we always talked about the diminishing number of independent shops in Chester city centre,” Debbie said.
“We felt we could open something that would be liked by local people as well as visitors to the city centre.
“We found there to be a gap in the market for locally made produce that virtually everybody loves.
“So as a couple, we set about transforming what was the old newsagent on Watergate Street into Tilly's.”
The shop boasts an array of sweets, liquorice, handmade fudges and chocolates, milkshakes as well as 13 flavours of ice cream.
“It really is designed to be a shop where there is something for everyone,” Debbie said.
A large number of the products are locally sourced with fudge from Little Lodge Confectionary in Mickle Trafford, artisan chocolate truffles and drinking chocolate from Aballu in Rossett and ice cream from Snugbury's in Nantwich.
Tilly's features a colourful area for children where they can create their own craft item and fill it full of sweets.
“We host children's parties too. What better place than a sweet shop for your little one's party?
“This gives parents another option for their children's party, which has already proved very popular.”
Debbie told the Chronicle that the support from nearby traders has been ‘simply amazing and very much appreciated'.
“We really do feel that we are a truly independent shop that is not only supplying gorgeous locally made products but also creating jobs for local people and making Chester city centre more diverse.
“That was our mantra all along with the Tilly's adventure.”
VDroom, an Israeli startup, is launching a tech platform to provide virtual reality viewing for hotels, rental apartments like Airbnb, airlines and resorts. (photo credit: Courtesy)
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
It's hard to keep abreast of all the innovation coming out of Israel – especially when there are some 6,000 active tech start-ups in Israel, according to Start-Up Nation Finder.
Here comes VDroom, an Israeli start-up launching a tech platform to provide virtual reality viewing for hotels, rental apartments like Airbnb, airlines and resorts – generating higher traffic and leading to more bookings.
If you're subletting your apartment on Airbnb for a few days as you fly out of town on a European escapade, you may take a few standard photos to post on the site.
VDroom allows you to present a full panoramic, 360-degree view – and upload those tools on Google Images, to your Facebook page, or any other website. With a smart virtual tour of your hotel or venue, you're more likely to get views, customers and revenue.
Virtual reality is an interactive, 3D-generated world that you can explore – one where you feel immersed with sights and sounds, as if you're swimming with dolphins or exploring a cavernous castle.
“We all know that 360-degree images have become very trendy,” said VDroom founder and CEO Michal Hubschmann. “Technology is improving, software is improving – it's allowed us to develop a player that enables us to engage the users in a very fast way, and in a high-quality way.”
VDroom also includes a smart digital virtual gallery to help fledgling firms improve their e-commerce game.
The start-up is targeting hotels, with the offer to upgrade room-viewing services. It estimates that a chain with 10 hotels – each hosting some 100 rooms – could upgrade to virtual reality and earn millions of dollars more in increased booking.
How come? Better image quality – and VR tools – can greatly increase customer conversion rates. And the VR can be fully interactive – with coupons and discounts presented to users who embark on a virtual tour of the hotel.
“In the old days, eight years ago, you'd start the virtual reality tour and end it. It's an old player school and you can't control where you're going. What we're doing now, you can fully control it… Because imagine if any user were able, for now, to show his or her apartment in a smart 360 degree platforms? He'd get way more traffic.”
VDroom's traffic estimates could not be independently ascertained – but the company claims that VR tools are more engaging and successful in making money than regular photos.
“We give to the businesses the most important tools they're looking for – one of them is exposure,” Hubschmann said. “The second one is engagement that leads to conversion. Those are the two key elements that every business dreams of for getting a cost-effective price.”
Founded in 2017, VDroom employs six full-time employees from the central Israeli town of Petah Tikva, with additional photographers working in 33 countries.
The other advantage going for VDroom is that it dumbs down the process for making a VR site. Likewise, VDroom's interface connects with most major tourism operators, including sites such as Trip Advisor.
For Hubschmann, who calls herself a “serial entrepreneur,” the start-up ethos comes from her Israeli roots. She previously founded a Dutch company, Easytobook.com, which now enjoys annual revenue of some €100 million.
“Unfortunately, there aren't enough women in Israeli hi-tech,” Hubschmann said, expounding on the local scene. “But being part of the local ecosystem is a lot, because you're connected to so many people who are had so much knowledge and know what's going on in Silicon Valley – what are the trends and the directions we should head in.”
Over €120,000 worth of gift cards unique to Naas traders were bought in the run up to Christmas - though the scheme runs all year round.
The Naas Me2You gift card scheme was launched on November 10 with virtually every trader in the town (from Dublin Road to Kilcullen Road) taking part.
The objectives of the scheme were to encourage people to shop in the centre of Naas and to highlight the choice available.
Employers in the Naas area bought €82,000 worth of the cards and the balance of €40,000 was bought in Payzone outlets in the town.
It is estimated that for every €1 received on a gift card, an average of €1.58 is actually spent, apart from tax savings.
The voluntary group Naas Working Together launched the scheme and is now reminding shoppers to spend their cards, if they've not already done so. NWT also encouraged the opening of the car park at the former Superquinn store last month and it works with groups like the Men's Shed, Naas RFC, The Lions Club and Naas Tidy Towns.
According to Alice Fennelly of NWT, Naas traders have reported a growth in sales with an average increase of 14.4% for the festive period, as compared with the same period in 2016.
“We thank the public for supporting the scheme and employers like (but not limited to) Dawn Farm foods, Naas Oil, Trench control, Dennison Trailers, Craddockstown Nursing Home, Lawlor's of Naas, Osprey Hotel, Westwood Trailers and others.”
The cards were sold by Swan's on the Green; Applegreen Sallins and Newbridge Road, Naas; Centra Ballycane; Day today, Main Street and Maxol, Dublin Road. Up to €500 can be given to a staff member tax free within a year. TUI can be used across a range of retailers. Some 62 outlets participated.
The U.S. dollar showed strength on the first day of trading in 2017, rising across the board against most major currencies, albeit in holiday-thinned conditions.
Many financial centers remained closed in an extended celebration of the New Year's holiday.
The ICE Dollar Index DXY, +0.06% rose 0.5% to 102.74, higher than 102.29, seen Friday. The dollar gained around 3.5% in 2016, its fourth straight year of advances. The rally has taken the index to levels last seen in 2002.
The WSJ Dollar index BUXX, +0.30% , which measures the dollar against a broader basket of rivals, rose 0.3% to 93.22. The index was trading at 92.73 late Friday and rose 3% in 2016. Last year's gains stem from higher U.S. interest rates and hopes that President-elect Donald Trump will stimulate the U.S. economy.
Further important updates on the economy will come this week with the release of the U.S. Institute for Supply Management's December survey on Tuesday and nonfarm payrolls for December, expected Friday.
Read: Are we there yet? Full employment draws closer, one jobs report at a time
Against the yen USDJPY, +0.39% the dollar rose to ¥117.45 from ¥116.37 on Friday. The dollar lost 2.7% in 2016 against the Japanese currency.
The euro EURUSD, -0.4088% fell to $1.0463 against the dollar, from a level of $1.0534 late Friday. The dollar rose 3.2% against the euro in 2016, with the single currency weakening on fears of a political breakup in the eurozone.
Meanwhile, the British pound GBPUSD, -0.4293% , dogged by the surprise Brexit vote last summer, fell to $1.2288, dropping from $1.2339 on Friday. The dollar gained a whopping 19.37% against the pound in 2016.
Read: How the pound can find a silver lining in Europe's 2017 stormclouds
Image copyright Geograph/JThomas/David Pickersgill/PA
More than 150 business leaders have called on South Yorkshire's four councils to "push ahead" with the £900m devolution deal first tabled in 2015.
They say further delay to signing the agreement was of "real concern" and "potentially very damaging".
The deal was put in doubt when 17 councils across Yorkshire, including Doncaster and Barnsley, said they were exploring a possible county-wide deal.
The BBC has contacted the four councils for comment.
In a letter to Sir Steve Houghton, Ros Jones, Chris Read and Julie Dore - the leaders of Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham and Sheffield councils respectively - the group warned many business leaders were "very concerned about reported further delays".
'South Yorkshire first'
It said: "The possible loss to the region of significant funding is clearly of real concern; the damage to the region's reputation and impact on business confidence is potentially equally or more damaging to our long term prospects.
"A Yorkshire deal may emerge as a possibility in the years ahead, but surely we will be better placed to be a strong component of that, should it arise, if we push ahead to really strengthen South Yorkshire first."
The group also believe the appointment of an elected mayor would "enhance our clout as a region".
Under the proposed deal an elected mayor would be responsible for transport budgets and strategic planning and have access to £900m of government money over the next 30 years.
Analysis: James Vincent, BBC Look North political editor.
Privately the government has been warning South Yorkshire it needs to get on with sorting their devolution deal out.
It has said that if the southern part of the White Rose does not go ahead with devolution it will bear the costs of the deal so far and might even end up with a mayor without any powers.
Now, Yorkshire has come up with the bright idea to unite the whole county; except not all of the county is on board.
As always money is pressing the issue.
Businesses in South Yorkshire fear that without the South Yorkshire deal investment and opportunity will be lost.
They want it signed and sorted before devolution is widened to all of Yorkshire,
Doncaster and Barnsley are key here.
They're signed up to the pan-Yorkshire idea and are not making positive sounds about South Yorkshire devolution.
Image copyright PA Image caption Ex-Chancellor George Osborne signed the in-principle devolution agreement in October 2015
Devolution was originally announced as a deal for the Sheffield City Region - which consists of the four South Yorkshire councils as well Bassetlaw, Bolsover, Chesterfield, Derbyshire Dales and North East Derbyshire - however the five non-Yorkshire councils have since backed away.
Doncaster Council declined to comment on the letter while Rotherham Council leader Chris Reed said he would "consider our options and work towards the best deal for South Yorkshire".
Speaking when the pan-Yorkshire deal was mooted Sir Steve said: "The argument goes, the bigger the deal the more money and more power you are likely to get."
The Dane converted five of six break point opportunities to win in 68 minutes and advance to a second-round clash with Sara Errani or Kirsten Flipkens.
"It was tricky, for sure," she said. "The first match on clay is never easy, but I'm happy with the win.
"It's great just to get a match in, and feel better with the movement. It's all about fine-tuning in matches like these.
"I'm using this as a preparation for the next few weeks, because the French Open is obviously around the corner.
"There's lots to look forward to, and I want to keep feeling like I'm getting into the groove on clay."
It was not such a good day for No.3 seed and 2008 champion Agnieszka Radwanska, who had to retire with a back problem at 6-1 2-0 down to Donna Vekic.
Seeds Zhang Shuai and Sorana Cirstea also suffered first-round exits to Arantxa Rus and Yulia Putintseva respectively, while Irina-Camelia Begu won the last 11 games of her 7-5 6-0 victory against qualifier Dalila Jakupovic.
Munster head coach Johann van Graan is hopeful his team can bounce back from their Champions Cup disappointment when Ulster visit Thomond Park this weekend.
Following their semi-final heartache in Bordeaux at the hands of Racing 92, it's back to Pro14 duties for the final game of the regular season.
Munster occupy second position already guaranteed second place in Conference A, but too far adrift of Glasgow to entertain the idea of topping the standings.
Saturday's visitors (kick-off 5.35pm) meanwhile are fourth in a keenly contested Conference B, five points behind Scarlets and four adrift of third-place Edinburgh.
Van Graan will be without John Ryan (back) and will be out for a number of weeks, while Niall Scannell is being assessed by the medical team.
Changes in personnel he says are on the way for Saturday's clash.
"The way people came up to us after the match, at the airport, we are very thankful for that and appreciate it"
"There will be quite a few changes for the weekend," he told RTÉ Sport. "It's an important game for us to get back on the horse and get back to Thomond Park. Ulster have been playing some really good rugby. It will be a challenge on Saturday evening."
The South African paid tribute to the hordes of travelling Munster fans who descended on Bordeaux at the weekend, something which was acknowledged by management and players alike.
"I have never seen that kind of incredible support for a team before and after a game. The way people came up to us after the match, at the airport, we are very thankful for that and appreciate it."
The head coach was also asked for his take on a report in today's Irish Independent that the province are to cut "at least 10 players" from their academy structures as part of a restructuring programme, with no immediate intention to replace every single one.
"We are definitely going to release one or two players in the Academy. Every year in the Academy we add some people and cut others out."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Roseanne Barr unleashed a fresh batch of controversial tweets overnight and into Wednesday morning, blaming a prescription sleeping pill for the racist comment that got her show canceled — and lashing out at her co-stars for throwing her "under the bus."
In a tweet posted just after midnight ET, which has since been deleted, Barr wrote: "guys I did something unforgiveable [sic] so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-I went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please. ty [thank you]."
It came after a profuse series of apologies from Barr for her tweet early Tuesday which referred to former adviser to President Barack Obama Valerie Jarrett as a "child" of the "Muslim Brotherhood" and "Planet of the Apes." Jarrett, who is black, was born in Iran to American parents.
That caused ABC to cancel Barr's show in record time, leaving her out of a job before the close of business Tuesday.
News Alert: NBA commissioner Adam Silver has announced the dissolution of the league's Eastern Conference on grounds of terminal lack of competitiveness and profound irrelevance.
The Boston Celtics and Philadelphia 76ers will headline the newly created More or Less Competitive Conference, joined by Indiana, Toronto, Milwaukee and perhaps Villanova University.
The Atlanta Hawks, Miami Heat and Chicago Bulls will be relegated to EuroLeague Basketball, the most competitive of the Old World conferences. The Washington Wizards, Brooklyn Nets and Detroit Pistons will join the lesser EuroCup League, as will the Charlotte Hornets pursuant to a court order severing Michael Jordan from all team decision-making.
The asteroid hole in the Earth called the Cleveland Cavaliers will be assigned to the Central Asia Basketball Association, and Silver regrets that the team's mid-February swing through Kazakhstan-Tajikistan-Turkmenistan will impose inevitable burdens.
The New York Knicks will be dissolved, Madison Square Garden razed, and salt sown into 33rd Street earth for 1,000 years. The Rangers can find ice somewhere else.
LeBron James' decision to join the Los Angeles Lakers puts an exclamation mark on a two-decade-long migration of highly talented players toward the West Coast. Families in covered wagons and gold prospectors once moved west toward the setting sun. Now, tall and talented people board flights and head that way.
Western Conference dominance is a principle as well-established as gravity. Seven winners of the league's Most Valuable Player Award are still active in the NBA and all of them labour for Western Conference teams. Four of the last five NBA champions hail from the Western Conference. The only exception came in 2016, when James conducted a séance and raised his Cavaliers from the three-games-to-one dead and beat the Golden State Warriors.
Western Conference teams have won 12 of the last 18 championships. Every player on the last four All-NBA first teams now plays on a Western Conference team.
Mine is not intended as East Coast caterwauling. I reserved that for my Knicks until I came to realize that there is no God, or at least not one who cares to help James Dolan.
Imbalance is a fact of NBA life. Basketball fans girdle the globe, and the internet and a thousand cable NBA channels have rendered loyalties mutable. In Norway, a couple of Scandinavian fans once asked me if I could send them a few Warriors jerseys — such threads are prohibitively expensive in downtown Oslo. A few years back I sat in the marbled-cool shadows of the Amber Palace outside Jaipur and talked Spurs hoops and Gregg Popovich with a couple of Indian teenagers.
Still, perhaps because I sit in sweaty New York City rather than on a rise overlooking the glimmering Pacific, this imbalance strikes me as unfortunate. The reign of the Warriors symbolizes western dominance. I much enjoyed the Warriors' first championship team, as it played a brand of basketball that was fresh and beautiful and cut across the sky like a zephyr. Kevin Durant is a wondrous talent, but when the Warriors added this seven-foot star, who can do a 360-degree spin and drain 25-foot jumpers without a second thought, the team began to feel like a platter overladen with rich cakes.
The news this week that DeMarcus Cousins, the seven-foot centre, has joined the Warriors on a one-year contract registers as too much, cubed.
Some argue, in the aggrieved tones of courtiers, that to question Warrior dominance is a sign of impoverishment. Doncha appreciate greatness?
This is silliness. Any great sport is defined by its greatest rivalries. Yankees-Red Sox is blood sport and great fun, as is Cubs-Cardinals or Braves-Mets (I acknowledge this rivalry existed more so in the fevered reaches of the brains of Mets fans).
As a New Yorker, I grew up praying fervently that the Boston Celtics would lose every game they played. Yet I loved the spit-in-the-eye NBA finals clashes between the Celtics of Larry Bird, Robert Parish, Kevin McHale and Dennis Johnson and the Showtime Lakers of Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and James Worthy. By the end of those series, I almost did not care which team won.
The action has moved for the immediate future to the Western Conference. And there's beautiful hooping to be found, from the elegant San Antonio Spurs to the Utah Jazz (my favourite oxymoronic team name) and the splendid Donovan Mitchell. Then there are the Houston Rockets, whose odd combination of ball-dominant star guards, James Harden and Chris Paul, and all those hardworking role players, pushed the Warriors to the seven-game limit in the conference finals. Had Paul not pulled his hamstring, the NBA championship trophy might now sit in Houston.
The Lakers are an odder deal, not the least because James arrives at a new team with work crews on his heels, set to rehabilitate the joint. When he returned to Cleveland in 2014, he hinted that he would be content to play sensei to the young talent: Kyrie Irving, Andrew Wiggins and Dion Waiters. Within a couple of weeks, all save Irving were calling moving companies.
The Lakers already have added JaVale McGee and Lance Stephenson, the NBA's own king of oddness, and Rajon Rondo, whose court sense is brilliant, whose personality is a prickly pear and whose jump shot is nonexistent. Young Lonzo Ball is still on the roster, lugging behind him the dead weight of the always-talking LaVar Ball. This could be a blast, and it could be a bad acid trip.
Maybe the Celtics will surprise us. Maybe Jayson Tatum will take a jump into the stratosphere and Irving (knee) and Gordon Hayward (ankle) will come back healthy, mow through the Eastern Conference and upset those loaded Warriors.
Maybe.
Me, I'm planning to take in that Cavaliers-Astana game in Kazakhstan next January. With luck, the Cavaliers will pull it out.
The Miami Heat has played an NBA-best 48 clutch games this season. None was more entertaining than the one played Monday night.
In a battle of two teams fighting for playoff position and featuring 22 lead changes, the Heat survived a double overtime back-and-forth battle by setting a franchise-record for points in a 149-141 victory at AmericanAirlines Arena.
James Johnson was the hero of heroes for the Heat, scoring a career-high 31 points including 18 after regulation – we think. On a night Miami eclipsed its previous high for points (141) by a wide margin, the NBA's stat tracking system crashed in overtime and no official boxscore had been released as of midnight.
“OK, you look at the score and it looks like Miami Heat-Denver Nuggets circa late '80s, Ron Rothstein coaching the Heat,” coach Erik Spoelstra said. “I finally got one thing that I can throw back in Ronnie's face, we outscored all of his teams, even when they played much faster in that era than they do now.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“But what a grind, what a grind. I guess we've just been in more of these than most teams and we felt that we were getting tougher and building some resilience in these situations and you're just waiting for the time when you could reap some benefits for that experience and some of the painful things that we've gone through. And you saw a little of that tonight.”
In a game that just was fit to be tied many times, Johnson hit back-to-back three-pointers in the second overtime, one from the corner and then another straight away to put the Heat ahead for good 142-134 with 1:23 left. Johnson, 30, played 46 minutes in all and had 11 rebounds, six assists and a block according to an unoffical boxscore.
Johnson had lots of help. Kelly Olynyk had 30 points, eight rebounds, five assists and a career-high four blocks. Wayne Ellington made six three-pointers and had 23 points. Goran Dragic had 20 points, four rebounds and eight assists.
Nikola Jokic led the Nuggets with 34 points. Wilson Chandler added 26 and Jamal Murray had 23.
There were 17 lead changes in regulation. Jokic's tip-in with 10 seconds to play tied the score at 118, setting the stage for the Heat to try and win the game on the final shot. But Josh Richardson's short jumper in the lane over a Nuggets defender didn't fall.
The Heat had a chance to win the game at the end of the first overtime again, but Johnson missed a runner in the lane off glass and time expired. He made up for it in the second overtime, scoring 10 of the Heat's 18 points in the five-minute period.
With Milwaukee's loss at Cleveland, the Heat (38-33) moved from eighth up to seventh place in the Eastern Conference with 11 games remaining on the schedule.
The Nuggets (38-33) entered Monday's game 1 1/2 games out of the final playoff spot in the Western Conference and now find themselves further back.
After slowing down the Lakers, the No. 1-ranked offense in terms of pace, in a 92-91 win Friday in Los Angeles, the Heat invited the Nuggets over for a track meet Monday night.
Miami, which fell behind 16-5 early, took a 64-63 lead into the half after shooting 55.6 percent from the field and making eight three-pointers over the first two quarters. It was just the beginning of a wild night.
Miami led 88-81 with 1:55 left in the third quarter before the Nuggets went on a 13-4 run to take the lead in the fourth.
Hyundai Motor <005380.KS> and affiliate Kia Motors <000270.KS> on Monday said their global sales dropped 2 percent to 7.88 million vehicles in 2016 from the preceding year, falling short of their target of 8.13 million vehicles.
Continue Reading Below
It is the first time since 1998 that the South Korean duo, which together rank fifth in global sales, posted an annual sales fall.
Hyundai Motor shipped 4.86 million vehicles compared with its target of 5.01 million. Kia Motors sold 3.02 million vehicles, shy of its goal of 3.12 million.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
'Transracial' Instagram troll invokes #BLM after arrest for assaulting cop A white teenager, who stirs social media controversy by claiming to be black while mocking black culture, was arrested at a North Carolina mall Saturday for allegedly kicking a police...
Slain Black Lives Matter leader was victim of attempted robbery: cops The Black Lives Matter leader shot dead while riding his bike in New Orleans was the victim of an attempted armed robbery, police said. Muhiyidin d'Baha — the activist known...
Fury erupts after NYPD precinct posts 'political' hashtag A positive gesture by an NYPD precinct commander went sideways when she used the hashtag #blacklivesmatter in an official tweet — and she deleted it amid furious pushback. Deputy Inspector...
Cop probed for slurring Black Lives Matter leader A police officer in Atlanta is being investigated after video surfaced apparently showing him hurling homophobic and racist slurs at the president of Black Lives Matter of Greater Atlanta, calling...
Black Lives Matter leader shot dead The Black Lives Matter leader known for diving over a barrier to snatch a Confederate flag from a protester on live TV last year was shot dead in New Orleans,...
Chaos outside Super Bowl as protesters block trains MINNEAPOLIS — Police arrested 17 activists who blocked a light-rail line carrying Super Bowl ticketholders to U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday in a protest against police brutality and privileges enjoyed...
How sports can start an entire social movement Colin Kaepernick's first two “protests” drew scant attention. He sat on the bench, out of uniform, virtually unnoticed. His third got some buzz after a reporter tweeted a picture of...
Eric Garner's dad allegedly assaulted at granddaughter's funeral Eric Garner's father is claiming a relative conked him in the head with a plastic soda bottle during his granddaughter's funeral, police sources said Wednesday. Ben Carr, 68, whose son...
Cop who killed Walter Scott gets 20 years in prison CHARLESTON, S.C. — A white former South Carolina police officer was sentenced to 20 years in prison Thursday for fatally shooting an unarmed black motorist in the back in 2015,...
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit her stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on her docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished her followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. She seems to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind her. Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The Trump administration is expected to unveil up to $60 billion in new tariffs on Chinese imports by Friday, targeting technology, telecommunications and intellectual property, two officials briefed on the matter said Monday.
One business source, who has discussed the issue with the administration, said that the China tariffs may be subject to a public comment period, which would delay their effective date and allow industry groups and companies to lodge objections.
This would be considerably different from the quick implementation of the steel and aluminum tariffs, which are set to go into effect on March 23, just 15 days after President Donald Trump signed the proclamations.
A delayed approach could allow time for negotiations with Beijing to try to resolve trade issues related to the administration's "Section 301" probe into China's intellectual property practices before tariffs take effect.
The White House declined to comment Monday. China has vowed to take retaliatory measures in response.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at The Weinstein Company and Netflix Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills, Calif. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, 2018, directed the state's attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Weinstein. Photo by Chris Pizzello
You can report postal complaints, postal crime, track- and trace missing letters or parcels online, and give customer service-related inquiries to the following postal service providers:
SA Post Office
The South African Post Office is the national postal service provider. Its services include local and international mail, courier services, stamps, paying bills, and third- party payments.
You can also do various transactions via the website, such as tracking your parcel, renewing your post box, and buy stamps. You can locate a branch or search the online postal code directory.
If you wish to complain about the service you have received, first contact the manager of the branch. If that fails to resolve the problem, call the national call centre or fill in the feedback form on the website.
Website: www.postoffice.co.za
National call centre: 0860 111 502
PostNet
PostNet is South Africa's largest privately owned counter network in the document and parcel industry, with owner-managed retail stores. It is best to complain directly to the store's manager if you are disatisfied. There is also a online contact form on the website.
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
Everyone might get a medal these days, but all that really matters is who won in the end.
Last Saturday night, much was made of Sergio Ramos' tackle on Mo Salah. Was it intentional? Who knows. Did it give Real Madrid an advantage? Absolutely. Would Ramos do it again? Absolutely, especially if it meant he would win.
Across all sports, there is always a debate about who was the greatest of all time. Beat it Michael Jordan or LeBron James. Tom Brady or Peyton Manning. Tiger Woods or Jack Nicklaus. Pele or Messi, Ronaldo or Maradona.
All of the above have two things in common. They are winners and they are ruthless.
One secret to success in sport is often overlooked. The will to win. A lot of people in sport, be it amateur or professional, would 'like' to win something. The 1%, the true top performers, will do anything to win.
Sometimes that overlaps into cheating. Lance Armstrong is the best example of this. There are the 'grey' area too. Like Ramos at the weekend or the Dublin footballers and the tactics they use late on in games, holding players on the ground etc.
Players may retire in years to come, they will have millions, many many houses, even their own hashtag, but the one thing they and us will remember is that they have won.
Sport can be fun, but lets face it, its about winning.
BOSTON — Tuukka Rask has rediscovered his game and the Boston Bruins are starting to become the type of team they want to be in front of him — one that's tough defensively.
Brad Marchand and Jake DeBrusk scored, Rask stopped 30 shots and the Bruins beat the New York Islanders 3-1 on Saturday night.
Danton Heinen added an empty-net goal, and Torey Krug and David Pastrnak each had two assists for the Bruins, who won for the eighth time in 10 games.
“Tuukka, you can usually tell how calm and composed he looks and it means we're generally calm and composed in front of him,” Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said. “We're getting the result for him playing in front of him.”
Anders Lee scored and Jaroslav Halak made 29 saves for New York, which has lost four of five.
Rask earned his fourth straight win after struggling to a 3-8-2 start this season, which prompted many Bruins fans to call for Cassidy to play backup Anton Khudobin as the No. 1 goalie. Khudobin opened the season 7-0-2.
“We're trying to build an identity that you have to battle hard and you have to skate hard,” Rask said. “From that, you kind of build that identity and reputation to be a hard team to play against. That's something we want to accomplish and need to accomplish to make the playoffs and be an elite team in the league. I think we're heading in that direction.”
The Bruins limited New York's chances most of the game.
“That's what they do,” Islanders coach Doug Weight said. “They have big, long (defenceman), protect lanes and protect the net.”
Marchand's goal made it 1-0 at 10:51 of the second period. With the Islanders short-handed because of a too-many-men-on-the-ice penalty, Marchand took a pass from Krug, broke in down the left wing and snapped off a wrist shot that slipped between Halak's pads.
Early in the third, Marchand was given a five-minute major for interference when he came charging across the ice to hit John Tavares near the boards, but New York's Ryan Pulock took a cross-checking penalty when play stopped.
Boston's David Backes also got a major — for head-butting — and a game misconduct later in the third.
DeBrusk made it 2-0 when he collected a loose puck in the slot, spun and beat Halak with a wrister inside the right post 6:45 into the third.
Lee scored on a redirected shot from the top of the crease with 3:08 to play, just after Backes' penalty expired.
Heinen sealed it with 42 seconds left.
Rask was hardly tested through the first two periods, but made a solid glove stop on Mathew Barzal's shot from the left circle late in the second.
“We didn't enter the zone like we normally do tonight,” Lee said. “We came in with no speed.”
The best chances of a scoreless first came when Backes had a pair of bids from the edge of the crease seconds apart. Halak flashed his left pad to stop both.
Both teams seemed focused on limiting quality scoring chances from the start of the game — and they did that, relying on tight checking and solid positioning to block shots and limit shooting angles in the first two periods.
NOTES: Islanders D Johnny Boychuk missed his second straight game with a lower-body injury. … Bruins C Noel Acciari was out with an upper-body injury and forward Matt Beleskey was a healthy scratch. … Boston C David Krejci took a puck in the mouth midway through the first and headed to the locker room, but returned about four minutes later. … Barzal entered leading NHL rookies with 27 points. … It was the first of three games between the teams this season, and the only one in Boston.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host the Capitals on Monday. New York lost 4-3 on Nov. 2 at Washington in their first meeting.
Bruins: At the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday in the first game between the teams this season.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Arsenal players Shkodran Mustafi and Mesut Ozil have taken to social media to celebrate Germany qualifying for the 2018 World Cup.
Last night's 1-3 win over Northern Ireland in Belfast meant Die Mannschaft booked their place in Russia next summer with a record of nine wins from nine games.
Defender Mustafi was an unused substitute at Windsor Park, while Ozil was not picked in the squad due to injury. He is currently in the gym at London Colney recovering from a knee problem.
Ozil wrote to his team-mates: “Congratulations, guys! Perfect World Cup qualifiers. Greetings from London.”
After a police officer pulls over a teenage girl without any legal justification and frightens her to the verge of tears, the local press portrays the incident as charming rather than alarming. You know what that means: Prom season is upon us.
The cop-assisted promposal, in which police help a teenager carry out a prank that ends with an invitation to the big dance, has become a familiar springtime ritual, documented in online videos and feel-good newspaper stories.
But beneath the warm and fuzzy images of adolescent couples lurks a disturbing willingness to tolerate abuses of power by police officers as long as their motives are pure.
When a cop makes a traffic stop, he is using his special powers as an armed agent of the state to forcibly detain someone. Under the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits “unreasonable searches and seizures,” he needs a good reason to use those powers — typically, “reasonable suspicion” of a crime or traffic violation.
There is no promposal exception to the Fourth Amendment. Yet police officers across the country are happy to make traffic stops in the name of young love.
Last month, for instance, Isaac Nusbaum, a student at White Knoll High School in Lexington, S.C., enlisted the help of South Congaree Officer Eddie Stone to arrange a “fake traffic stop” for his girlfriend, Candice Derrick. Nusbaum was hiding in Stone's police truck with flowers and a sign that said, “Will you be my partner N crime and go to prom with me?”
The State, a newspaper based in Columbia, South Carolina's capital, covered the incident as a heartwarming human-interest story, although it conceded that getting pulled over by the cops “can be a startling experience” and noted that the prank “might have been too realistic” for the object of Nusbaum's affections. “I may have gone just a little too far with it when I almost made her cry,” Stone admitted on the South Congaree Police Department's Facebook page.
But the important thing, Stone wrote, is that “she said YES” to Nusbaum's “very sweet” invitation. “Thank you,” he wrote to the couple, “for letting the Town of South Congaree and myself be part of this special moment for you two.”
In another “special” moment last January, police in Oxford, Miss., pulled over a teenager who was on a date with his girlfriend and pretended to arrest him on an outstanding warrant. The boy revealed the trick by holding up a sign that said, “I'm locked up so I can lock you down for prom.”
“I'm about to start crying,” the girl says in the promposal video after seeing the sign. “This is not funny. You scared me.”
A teenage Kansas couple was so enamored of the false-arrest theme that the pair carried it over to the prom itself. After a Greenwood County sheriff's deputy pulled Alexis Berndt over so her boyfriend, Daniel Huber, could surprise her with a promposal sign (“Can I cop you into going to prom”), she turned the tables by arranging for him to be handcuffed while the couple rode to the prom in a police car.
My friend Lauren Krisai, a policy analyst at the Justice Action Network, picked that last example as “this year's most outrageous promposal.” Despite the positive press coverage such stunts receive, she says, they “are neither cute nor legal.”
Though the cuteness of these prom pranks is in the eye of the beholder, their legality is not. Stopping drivers without a legal justification is unconstitutional, and overlooking that point for the sake of something as frivolous as a prom invitation invites cops to cut corners when the stakes are more serious.
Police are supposed to abide by the Constitution even when doing so makes it harder to convict someone they're convinced is guilty. They should not be taking their cues from people who think it's not just OK but positively delightful to violate the Fourth Amendment so that Dan can ask Lexi to the prom.
Twitter: @jacobsullum
LOT Polish Airlines could see its rapid growth pace slow down as Warsaw Chopin Airport reaches capacity. “I think the biggest challenge for LOT is airport capacity. All our new long-haul flights are doing well and are fully booked. Further growth depends on how we manage capacity restrictions at Warsaw. It is obvious the airport is nearing capacity,” CEO Rafał Milczarski told ATW on the sidelines of the IATA AGM in Cancun last week. Located in central Europe, LOT has started to ...
President Donald Trump said Saturday the memo released by the House Intelligence Committee on Friday has vindicated him and proved that the special counsel's ongoing Russia investigation is an "American disgrace."
In a tweet posted Saturday morning, Trump continued his attacks against his own FBI and Justice Department for its ongoing investigation into potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign during the 2016 election.
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," the president tweeted. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on."
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
Trump's tweet appeared to support contentions made by Democrats like Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, that the memo's release was merely a partisan attempt to undermine the Russia investigation.
On Saturday, Schiff responded to Trump's tweet by claiming that — far from vindicating the president — the memo in fact proved "quite the opposite."
"The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your adviser, Papadopoulous, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians," Schiff tweeted.
Quite the opposite, Mr. President. The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor, Papadopoulos, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians. https://t.co/2rGOE1jGg2 — Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) February 3, 2018
On Friday, after more than a week of speculation and partisan infighting, the White House declassified a memo written by staffers of Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), the chair of the House Intelligence committee.
Related: The House memo doesn't prove the Mueller probe is a fraud
FBI and Department of Justice (DOJ) officials fought hard against the memo's release, even issuing a rare statement claimingthat they had "grave concerns" about inaccuracies and misleading conclusions in the document.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cevallos: Nunes memo is 4:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
House Republicans have touted the memo as proof that the premise of the Russia investigation is flawed. The memo argues that the FBI mislead the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court about the basis for its application to eavesdrop on Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
Related: No, the GOP's public war with the FBI is no normal
The memo states that the decision to spy on Page was based on a "dossier" written by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who Republicans claim had an overt anti-Trump bias.
But after analyzing the 4-page document, many political analysts noted that the memo does not shed light on what role, if any, the dossier played in the special counsel's inquiry. Others note that Page came under surveillance in October 2016, after the Russia investigation was well under way.
A new update to Google's Allo app began rolling out to users today, bringing it to version 16. We're still looking for new features that may have gone live with this release, but nothing has turned up yet and the Allo team still hasn't posted anything about what to expect from this update. While we keep looking – and waiting for that web client – there is quite a bit in this update that warrants a teardown. There are a lot of small tweaks and features on the horizon, so let's get straight to it.
Teardown
Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk.
Hotword detection
Google's incredible speech recognition technology is one of the things that drove Android's success over the years, and continues to grow more important with Google Assistant and products like Google Home. While Allo was the first exposure most of us had to Assistant, it lacked voice activation, which is probably the thing we identified with most. That may be changing soon enough as we can see from a few new error messages added in the latest update would seem to suggest hotword detection is coming to Allo.
Check your connection and try again.
Trouble connecting
Dismiss
Try again
It might not seem like a big deal, but hotword support might make it possible to use Allo completely hands-free. That would be a pretty awesome addition for a chat app. Sending messages while we're cooking or getting ready to go out, things that often require both hands, could be done without picking up a phone to type messages. Maybe I'm being a little optimistic, but this is the type of thing that could seriously improve Allo.
Birthday wishes
Everybody has a birthday, so let's celebrate it through Allo. A couple of new strings suggest the app will be doing something for the day on which we were born. One of the lines reads "birthday today," which calls to mind the birthday reminders many of us are used to seeing in Facebook. The other line, which wishes a happy birthday, is probably an automatic recommendation for users that want to say it without typing it out.
Birthday today
Happy birthday!
Locations for work and home
Google Maps has been keeping track of where we live and work for many years and making pretty good use of that information to help us get where we're going quickly and find the things we want nearby. After a while, Google began using that information in other places, like Google Now. Evidently, that information might be making its way into Allo next.
Set this place as Home for travel info?
Use this place for your daily commute?
A couple of new lines seem to suggest Allo will encourage users to enter locations for their home and daily commute, which suggests to me that there will also be message suggestions that use this information. For example, you might be getting out of work late and want to send a message to somebody at home with an estimate for when you'll get there.
Lite mode
Allo has earned a reputation for being a bit of a data hog (depending on usage habits). If you don't enjoy eating up your data on a very limited cellular plan or pay-as-you-go pricing, it will be a good idea to get more control over it. Now it looks like Allo is adding a lite mode to cut back on those expensive megabytes.
Lite mode
Right now, it's just a title with little context about how it works, so I'm not sure what the implications will be. Lite mode may do things automatically to reduce the size of media, like downsizing images or reducing the bitrate of audio clips, or it might take the approach of prompting users before even downloading such files, giving them the opportunity to decide when and if they need them.
Sports things
History has shown that the average number of messages sent each minute explodes during major sporting events. Based on a new line of text in this update, it looks like Allo may be taking a stab at getting more involved in that bustle of activity.
%1$s vs %2$s
Right now, it's just a single line of formatting for team sports (e.g. Broncos vs Seahawks), so there's not necessarily enough context to jump to any conclusions about how this will be implemented. It's possible Allo may present these as auto-fill suggestions for conversational purposes, or there might be recommendations to talk to your friends about ongoing games. However, I have a theory based on the next set of strings that there might be a bigger plan.
There are also a few new strings related to creating events and adding a reminder. My theory is that Allo may be gearing up to show sports fans a list of upcoming and ongoing games and make it easy to set up group chats and have reminders to get into the chat when the game begins. Alternatively, this could even be used for creating big chatrooms where people that don't already know each other can come together, something Allo hasn't really done before. In either case, this could be a great way to increase engagement from active users, and possibly boost the number of active users by quite a bit.
Create event
add reminder
Starts %1$s
To be clear, these lines aren't necessarily connected, there is no identifying pattern in the names or format to suggest they are. However, the other explanation for creating events and having reminders is that Allo might add a feature to conveniently add plans to a calendar based on conversations had in Allo. This is a perfectly great idea for a feature that absolutely should exist. (Seriously, this should be on the to-do list if it isn't already.) However, the typical text for event setup is missing, like a title for a date field, description, attendees, etc. This is why I think it's likely that these things are filled in for users by Allo, and the details of sporting events would be the obvious choice at the moment.
Google Feed integration
You might find Allo making an appearance in the Google Feed soon. Formerly known as Google Now, the Feed is filled with cards containing weather conditions, news recommendations, and upcoming appointments. Now there are a few strings that seem to suggest Allo might begin pointing users to that screen for some reason.
There are three lines specifically mentioning the feed, and another that names the Google Now Launcher, probably so users will know they can download a launcher that offers the feed.
Your feed
Your feed
Get the feed
Google Now Launcher
I'm not really sure what type of content Allo would want to put in this spot, but this seems like a worthwhile moment to point out that this could also be a part of the sporting events topic above. After all, it's a good place to put up a list of games and starting times.
Mentions
If you've used any group chat software in the past, you should be familiar enough with mentions. Put simply, it's a way to call for the attention of somebody in a chatroom if they aren't paying attention. Mentions usually work by typing somebody's name in a message and they'll get a notification of some kind. In the context of Allo, this is probably good if a chat member has muted a conversation and doesn't see new messages. Naming them in the chat would be a way to bring them back in without starting a whole new conversation to tell them to look in the first group chat.
%1$s mentioned you %2$s in a chat \"%3$s\"
%1$s mentioned you in a chat \"%2$s\"
A few other odd lines
The remaining strings mostly stand alone without enough context to analyze fully, or they are simply too basic to warrant much discussion, so I'm going to keep these short.
Pay
Evidently, something in Allo will soon allow us to pay for something else. There aren't any clues to indicate if this is going to be a shortcut to personal payment services like Google Wallet or PayPal, or if it will be focused on paying for goods of some kind, like activating features in the app, ordering food for delivery, or covering the cost of a service. Whatever the case, expect to see something about spending money in the future.
Sending audio to %1$s…
There's a toast message for sending audio to an account. Again, no clues if this is something that happens when you're forwarding an audio clip or if it happens when importing or exporting one.
View email
I have no idea on this one. I mean, email is not really Allo's area. Maybe it has to do with account activations...
weather
Weather... It's weather... Do you want to know weather conditions and aren't willing to leave Allo to get them? That's gonna be a thing. I suppose there might be some context-aware value in converastion, like pointing out that a hiking trip might be a bad idea because reports predict rain, but I don't think there's much to be said about a string that shows Allo will be able to show weather.
Anyway, that's it for this one. It's entirely possible any number of these features are staged rollouts and only available for a limited number of users, so keep an eye out for all of these things as you try the latest update.
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
Version: 16.0.024_RC10
Tennis legend Chris Evert doesn't follow the NBA, but nonetheless gave kudos to former Knick David Lee for aiding in Caroline Wozniacki's first-ever Grand Slam title at the Australian Open last weekend.
Lee, who played five seasons for the Knicks, and Wozniacki got engaged in November after Wozniacki captured her first WTA season-ending championship — her biggest win before the Aussie title.
“I feel he's really given her added inspiration, motivation,” Evert told The Post on Friday in a phone interview while promoting her new partnership with Osteo Bi-Flex. “He's been there, done that. He knows what pressure is all about. With his presence, there's a sense of calm about her and better sense of focus.”
Wozniacki, 27, has come close before, losing in two U.S. Open Finals. But her 43rd major was the charm.
It is believed Lee and Wozniacki first were introduced after a Knicks-Celtics game two seasons ago when Lee played for Boston. They weren't romantically linked, however, until September 2016.
The 6-foot Danish tennis standout has a place in Manhattan while the rugged rebounder played his first five seasons in New York as a double-double machine, and was an All-Star in 2010. Lee also won an NBA title with the Warriors in 2015.
“She paid her dues,'' Evert, 63, said. “She deserves it. It was almost fate and meant to be. She won the WTA Finals, got engaged, won the Australian Open. It's good to be Caroline Wozniacki right now.”
It's also good to be Lee, who is veering into retirement gracefully after going unsigned as a free agent in 2017. He was very visible in Melbourne, sitting in Wozniacki's box each match. Knicks owner James Dolan considers Lee one of his favorite Knicks based on his character.
“I know when I met my husband Andy Mill when I was playing, it was, ‘Oh my God.' He traveled with me, it was like a resurgence,'' Evert said. “For sure he's helped her mentally and emotionally.”
Last U.S. Open, in September, Wozniacki was in an injury-riddled funk and nearly lost her first-round match with reports swirling she possibly would retire after the year.
“That might be David, might be the motivation,'' Evert said of the decision to continue her career. “She's always said, ‘When I'm happy off the court, it makes me happy on the court.' He probably made her play more aggressively. He was an aggressive player. He saw the foundation of her game is to be really consistent. He's probably saying, ‘Go after your shots and have faith in yourself.'”
Of course, Serena Williams didn't play in Melbourne, and still is on the sidelines training for her return after giving birth Sept. 1, while the U.S. Open was going on. Williams is slated to return next week for the U.S. in a FedCup event — her first tennis in more than a year.
Based on her dogged determination, Evert says Williams could play “another four years.” But she believes it will challenge Serena more mentally than physically.
Evert said when she gave birth to her first child at age 36, her body returned “stronger.” However, she had already retired two years before.
“I couldn't imagine raising a child and playing,'' Evert said. “I was 100 percent totally devoted to the child. In this day and age, a woman can do it all. If anybody can do it, Serena can do it. But this year will tell it all.”
Evert cautions the women's field is “better than 15 months ago'' and considers Serena “a longshot'' to win the next Slam event — the French Open this spring. But she won't count her out for Wimbledon.
“She'll have to be in great shape and motivated,'' Evert said. “Anytime anyone doubts Serena, she comes through and she likes that. That's when she comes into her glory. It will be really exciting for the women's game. It's going to be about her focus, not her body.''
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
It has become a staple of his stump speeches to audiences in Israel and abroad: Far from being isolated politically, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu argues, Israel is forming new and stronger alliances with a host of countries around the world.
In recent years, Netanyahu has either visited or hosted President Vladimir Putin of Russia, Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary and President Ilham Aliyev of Azerbaijan, among others. Netanyahu plans to host Orban in July and Filipino strongman Rodrigo Duterte in September.
A Related Video You May Like:
Netanyahu touts the support for Israel from these leaders in international forums. But critics say he is cozying up to authoritarian governments and turning a blind eye to some efforts by their regimes at Holocaust revisionism and antisemitic dog whistling.That criticism is being heard again as the Foreign Ministry of Israel confirmed this week that Netanyahu will host Orban from July 18 to 20. Numerous Israeli lawmakers have urged Netanyahu not to do so, citing among other things the right-wing Hungarian leader's campaign against the Hungarian-American philanthropist George Soros that many considered obliquely antisemitic.Hungary's anti-immigrant leader Orban wins a third term, April 9, 2018 (Reuters)Tamara Cofman Wittes of the Brookings Institution criticized the upcoming visits on Twitter, writing that the Israeli government is “hosting Orban and now maybe Duterte? Sad company to keep.”Netanyahu's defenders say he is willing to extend diplomatic overtures to both democracies and authoritarian regimes in what he sees as a necessary pursuit to ensure the state's survival.“Israel often has no choice but to maintain ties with unsavory or authoritarian regimes,” Jonathan Schanzer, senior vice president at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, told JTA. “As a country that has found itself isolated by its neighbors and sometimes shunned by Western Europe, Israel has been forced to try and find friends in unlikely places.”“This outreach [to unsavory regimes],” Schanzer clarified, “should not be conflated with the alliance that it shares with the United States that is based on values.”Critics of the outreach say it is coming at a time of resurgent right-wing nationalism, and that Israel is on the wrong side of a history that has usually worked against the interests and well-being of the world's Jews.“[It's] amazing that antisemite Viktor Orban is going to visit Israel on the Prime Minister's invitation, but @ArielElyseGold has been deported with a valid visa,” tweeted the Forward's Batya Ungar-Sargon, referencing Israel's deportation over the weekend of Ariel Gold, an American BDS activist. “What a tragic state of affairs.”Daniel Shapiro, the US ambassador to Israel from 2011 to 2017, largely rebuked Netanyahu's decision-making. Shapiro said rolling out the red carpet for authoritarians is an ill-advised attempt to adapt to a diplomatic reality promoted by President Donald Trump in which relations with Russia, China and Hungary are prized, while those with Germany, the United Kingdom and France are diminished.“Israel has long, and justifiably, considered itself part of the club of democracies, as an expression of its self-identification as a Jewish and democratic state,” Shapiro told JTA. “Today, as a wave of illiberalism challenges the democratic world – from America to Europe to Israel itself – there may be temptations in aligning with those who seem to be on the rise: Trump, Putin, Orban, [and] Duterte.“Trump's own distancing from democratic allies and expressed sympathy for autocrats undoubtedly encourage this trend.”Dismissing claims of Israeli necessity, Shapiro said that Netanyahu should resist following Trump's lead.“While Israel's unique security and other requirements understandably impel it to develop as wide a network of relationships as it can,” he said, “I think it will want to avoid finding its own democratic identity tarnished by, of its own choosing, aligning less with the club of democracies and more with this very different coalition.”Schanzer disputes such insinuations, heard often on the Israeli left, that Netanyahu feels a personal affinity for far-right regimes. Schanzer notes the Jewish state's history of forming self-interested relations with unpalatable regimes.“The outreach to the African nations is a good example of how none of this is new,” he told JTA. “In the early years after the founding of the state, Israeli diplomats labored to reach out to the African states. Israel took Africa for granted. Now Netanyahu has rekindled some of those relationships. So, no, I don't think this is Netanyahu specific.”Tsilla Hershco, a senior research associate at Bar-Ilan University's Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies, says Netanyahu's critics are setting up a false choice between authoritarian and democratic regimes.“Netanyahu is pursuing legitimate objectives of expanding support in Europe and elsewhere for Israel's position on vital security issues,” Herscho told JTA. “Despite obvious disagreements relating to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Netanyahu's recent tour to Germany, Britain and particularly to France reflects the importance he attaches to their positions towards Israel's security concerns.”Elliot Abrams, senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, pushed back against the insinuation that Netanyahu is pursuing an authoritarian charm offensive – intentionally and specifically courting authoritarians in the pursuit of a new sphere of alliances. Instead, Abrams suggested, Israel is intent on — and increasingly successful in — cultivating allies where it can, even among unsavory regimes.“Israel remains isolated by many of its neighbors in the Middle East and is the subject of endless attacks in every UN agency. Moreover, it is the target of a well-financed BDS movement, especially in Europe,” Abrams told JTA. “It has been the goal of every Israeli government to break the isolation, and Netanyahu has had more success than any predecessor.”Abrams lauded Netanyahu's ability to manage simultaneous relationships with the United States and Russia, as well as China and India, the latter of which he dubs “the world's most populous democracy,” although writers in Foreign Affairs, The New Yorker and The Economist have criticized Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent “authoritarian streak.”“In my view, Netanyahu's successful effort to improve Israel's global ties should not be criticized as an ‘authoritarian charm offensive,'” Abrams said.“Yes, Orban visits, but so does Modi.”
Image copyright Bladez Toyz Image caption The items were to raise funds for this year's charity event on 30 September
Six inflatable Darth Vaders, a Star Trek Klingon gun and Doctor Who sonic screwdrivers are among items stolen from a charity ahead of a special event for people with disabilities.
The toys were stolen from the 1st Sensory Legion Charity, which was storing them in a Peterborough garage.
They were to be used to raise funds for its Feel the Force Day event, an annual sensory sci-fi convention for people with disabilities.
The items were worth about £1,000.
The Feel the Force Day event started in Peterborough in 2013 with 20 deafblind adults who wanted to learn about Star Wars.
More news from Cambridgeshire
The charity which runs it now holds three events each year, attracting 32,000 people from across the UK.
Image copyright Terry-Harris.com Image caption Star Wars characters such as C-3PO turn up at the annual sci-fi conference
However, plans have hit a setback after the break-in at the garage in Westwood between 7 and 11 August, where the toys were being temporarily stored.
"Thieves not only made off with all the items we had planned on using for fundraising to help cover the costs of the next event, but also took various items we were looking to add to our sensory touch tables," co-founder Simon Howard said.
The six inflatable radio-controlled Darth Vaders were worth about £50 each, and other items taken include "beanie" toys, Doctor Who and Hot Wheels toys, an interactive DeLorean Back to the Future car and a "pair of googley eyes in a white and green box".
But they did leave a 5ft-tall Dalek behind.
Image copyright Simon Howard Image caption Thieves ransacked the garage taking all the items which were to be used to raise funds for the event - and leaving this mess
"The stolen items may not have a high financial value, but they are of enormous value to this organisation in supporting people," Mr Howard added.
Feel the Force Day uses toys and props, tactile costumes and smell jars to help include those with disabilities, additional needs and sensory impairments in film and TV culture.
Cambridgeshire Police has confirmed it is investigating the theft.
LONDON: The leader of Britain's opposition Labour party, Jeremy Corbyn, could step down before the next national election in 2020 if its poor opinion poll ratings do not improve, the head of its biggest union backer said in an interview published on Monday.
Labour has consistently placed a distant second in opinion polls and a survey by YouGov in December had the party on 25 percent, its lowest since September 2009, versus 42 percent for Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives.
The next parliamentary election is due in 2020.
“Let's suppose we are not having a snap election. It buys into this question of what happens if we get to 2019 and opinion polls are still awful,” Corbyn supporter Len McCluskey, head of the country's biggest union and Labour's largest financial backer Unite, was quoted as saying by the Daily Mirror.
“The truth is everybody would examine that situation, including Jeremy Corbyn and (Labour finance spokesman) John McDonnell ... These two are not egomaniacs, they are not desperate to cling on to power for power's sake.”
Left-winger Corbyn was re-elected Labour leader in September after a challenge from one of his lawmakers that exposed sharp divisions between the party's elected representatives and grassroots supporters.
His office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on McCluskey's remarks.
May, appointed prime minister in July last year after Britain's vote to leave the EU forced the resignation of David Cameron, has said she does not intend to hold an early election.
But Labour's poor poll ratings and a court battle over whether parliament's approval is needed to begin EU divorce proceedings have increased speculation she could seek to boost her slim majority in parliament by calling a snap vote.
Corbyn has repeatedly said Labour is ready to fight an early election.
His party faces an upcoming electoral test after lawmaker Jamie Reed, a vocal critic of Corbyn, said last month he would step down at the end of January. The area in northern England that Reed represents voted strongly in favor of Brexit.
In a December election for a vacant Conservative-held parliamentary seat, Labour slipped from second to fourth place.
Amid mounting scrutiny over his evangelical faith, the head of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom resigned from his position and spoke out about the tension he faced as the political party's leader.
“To be a political leader—especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017—and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me,” Tim Farron told his country on Wednesday, a week after the general election.
Considered the first evangelical party leader in a century, Farron dodged questions during the recent campaign about whether he believed homosexuality was a sin despite his political stance in favor of same-sex marriage and equal rights. An evangelical amid Anglicans, he faced accusations of harboring conservative theology within the liberal party, even when he made his liberal views clear.
Still, the accusations bled into the general election—the party gained seats in Parliament but their vote share declined—and were enough to make a fellow party leader step down on Wednesday. Farron's announcement came hours later.
“Farron's resignation was not a total surprise—some people had been saying the [Liberal Democrats] should have done better in the election—but the manner of his resignation was,” said Nick Spencer, research director with London-based Christian think tank Theos. “He could have slipped out the back door quietly, but instead chose to return to the moments of the election that were most uncomfortable for him: the interrogations he faced about his faith and his attitude to issues of human sexuality.
“His conviction that his faith provoked a suspicion and intolerance among so-called ‘liberals' is both an indictment and warning to our public life in Britain,” Spencer said.
When Farron took over leadership of the Liberal Democrats two years ago, Theos pointed out how the evangelical convert broke the mold for what British media expect from political leaders. Now that his tenure will come to an end next month, UK evangelicals worry that instead of paving the way for a different kind of Christian politician, Farron exposes the growing pressure against them.
The director of the Liberal Democrat Christian Forum, Sarah Latham, told the British site Christian Today (no relation to CT):
Sadly his resignation reflects the fact we live in a society that is still illiberal in many ways and is intolerant of political leaders having a faith. This urgently needs to change. It will only change if Christians step up and get involved in all areas of life and change the rhetoric, whether in politics, media, business, or the arts. We need to bring about a society that is truly liberal—where everyone of all faiths and none are valued and considered equal.
The head of the Church of England, Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, called Farron “honorable and decent.” Andrew Wilson, a British pastor and former CT columnist, described Farron's resignation as “extraordinary, brave, and principled.” (A fuller excerpt appears at the end of this article.)
The pressure Farron felt rings familiar to American evangelicals, who are continually grappling with their place in public life and the future for their convictions. Earlier this month, a Trump administration appointee was challenged during his confirmation hearing over his belief in salvation through Christ alone.
Farron spoke against the sentiment that drove him away from leadership, saying, “I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in. In which case, we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant, liberal society.”
Even within the Conservative party, the country's majority, Theresa May and Angela Leadsom faced similar questioning for their beliefs, according to Krish Kandiah, a UK evangelist and former president of the London School of Theology.
Last year, Kandiah wrote that a sense of embarrassment was growing among the country's faithful, who fear that their affiliations will hurt their job prospects, reputations, and friendships:
Christians are feeling more and more like a minority, and with this comes a shyness about being open about their faith. Some are sensing a secularist hostility towards Christianity and feel it is safer to keep their faith private. This has not been helped by the media reaction to political candidates who have expressed a faith commitment.
Farron, who joined the Liberal Democrats while still a teenager, concluded his remarks by saying, “I thoroughly love my party. Imagine how proud I am to lead this party. And then imagine what would lead me to voluntarily relinquish that honor.
“In the words of Isaac Watts, it would have to be something ‘so amazing, so divine, (it) demands my heart, my life, my all.'”
The Liberal Democrats are the UK's most popular party in Parliament outside of the Conservative and Unionist and Labour parties, and represent more than 100,000 members.
Here is a fuller excerpt from Farron's resignation speech:
How school turned QB's lewd gesture more disgusting Believe me: I wasn't born cynical, let alone skeptical. I'd believe everything. As a kid, I was told that George Washington's crypt at Mount Vernon had two holes cut out...
Chain fighters hit with 2-game bans as new details emerge Raiders receiver Michael Crabtree and Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib have been suspended two games each without pay for fighting. NFL Vice President of Football Operations Jon Runyan announced the suspensions...
Jewelry thief and sucker punch give rivalry all-time wild moment The 1956 film “Invasion of the Body Snatchers” was set in a fictional California town named Santa Mira. More than 60 years later, a sequel of sorts played out on...
Broncos turn on each other in 'classic' locker-room blowup The Broncos defense doesn't want to hear about it — quite literally, as in: Please do not open your mouth and speak — from the Broncos offense. An intense shouting...
Sports world never short of head-scratching rationales Either I've become easily fascinated, or these are extraordinarily fascinating times. Lawyers, for example, never have seemed more fascinating. Knicks forward Kyle O'Quinn has been sued for assault by 22-year-old...
Aqib Talib not sure how he was shot: 'I was too intoxicated' Did Aqib Talib pull a Plaxico Burress? A bullet entered and exited the cornerback's lower leg during a shooting in the aftermath of a fight at a Dallas strip club...
Broncos star shot during fight in strip club Broncos All-Pro cornerback Aqib Talib is recovering from a gunshot wound to his leg suffered outside a Dallas strip club early Sunday. The Denver star, who was raised in the...
'Cam probably crying': Broncos mercilessly rip Newton The Broncos saved some of their hardest hits on Cam Newton for after the game. Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and linebacker Danny Trevathan ripped the Panthers quarterback, who had his worst performance...
Where were all the Panthers fans? Broncos didn't mind SANTA CLARA, Calif. — It wasn't a mile high, but it sure looked like a Denver home game Sunday night at Levi's Stadium, with a sea of orange in the...
Jurgen Klopp declared himself delighted with Liverpool's Champions League first-leg performance against Roma despite the concession of two late away goals.
A brace apiece from the irrepressible Mo Salah and Roberto Firmino, either side of a Sadio Mané strike, had the Reds cruising at Anfield.
However, Edin Dzeko's neat finish after Dejan Lovren misjudged a header and Diego Perotti's penalty for handball by James Milner gave Roma hope of repeating their brilliant quarter-final comeback at home to Barcelona.
Klopp said: "It was a perfect performance for pretty much 80 minutes or so, then we made one defensive mistake and Dzeko made the most of the situation.
"That's the rules of the competition, each goal you score helps massively. I think we agree the penalty wasn't even a penalty, it's not even handball, but that's the situation and now it's 5-2.
"I would be much more happy if we had won 5-0 or 5-1 but 5-2 is still a fantastic result.
"I could not even have imagined that was possible, so the boys still did outstandingly good and we go there and try to win again, that's it."
Klopp fears the injury suffered by England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain during the first half was "really bad".
The 24-year-old left the field on a stretcher in the first-half with what appeared to be a knee injury and could now be a doubt for this summer's World Cup.
The German told BT Sport: "If you can say that already before the scan then it's never good news, so that means for us it's a massive blow.
"We have still some very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger any more, so we need to be creative in the next few games."
Liverpool skipper Jordan Henderson felt his side could have scored more goals and felt the penalty awarded against James Milner was "harsh".
He told BT Sport: "We were disappointed with the two goals we conceded, we felt we were in control. We gave them two goals and you can't really do that in the Champions League.
"We go there with a three-goal advantage but it will be hard given what they did against Barcelona in the last round.
"I felt we were still in control but didn't play football as much in the last 20 minutes, but we still had chances to score. We gave them the Dzeko goal and that brought a few nerves, I don't really know why.
"I thought the penalty was harsh, I thought his arms were by his side."
On the Reds' scintillating attacking play, Henderson added: "Some of the runs and some the balls in behind were brilliant and we're probably disappointed not to score more. I fancy us to go there and score as well with the forward players we've got."
SACRAMENTO — Shock over the emergency evacuation downriver from the Oroville Dam has given way to serious questions about how California is coping with its aging infrastructure — which the American Society of Civil Engineers says would cost the state a staggering $65 billion per year to fix and maintain after years of neglect.
“The idea that we have to evacuate 200,000 residents in this day and age is just a shame,” said Sen. Bill Dodd, D-Napa, pointing to a Bay Area News Group story this week that revealed how state and federal officials in 2005 ignored warnings about the dam's emergency spillway.
Fixing old roads, bridges and dams is a costly proposition that is often the first to be put on hold during times of fiscal crisis, experts say. They note that the physical underpinnings of our society tend to be invisible until they fail and there's a mad scramble to repair the damage.
But now, amid deep concern over the safety of the state's second largest dam and with a Republican White House eager to spend as much as $1 trillion over 10 years on infrastructure, California finds itself in an awkward position politically.
“The state of California can't write checks to cover its infrastructure needs — plain and simple,” said Bill Whalen, a research fellow at Stanford's Hoover Institution who was a strategist for former Republican Gov. Pete Wilson. “If the state of California wants to address its myriad infrastructure needs, it needs Washington's cooperation.”
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
Sacramento and Washington are now butting heads on issues ranging from health to illegal immigration. But many political moderates hoping they will find common ground in potholes and bridges took heart Tuesday when President Donald Trump's chief spokesman called the Oroville crisis a “textbook case” of why investing in infrastructure is so critical.
“Dams, bridges, roads and all ports around the country have fallen into disrepair,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer said. “In order to prevent the next disaster, we will pursue the president's vision for an overhaul of our nation's crumbling infrastructure.”
But Trump has yet to identify the funding source for such a sweeping proposal, said Rep John Garamendi, D-Elk Grove, who worries that Congress will adhere to its strict “A-B-C” policy even if it does appropriate the money: “Anything But California.”
While the state might turn to House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Bakersfield, for help, its bargaining power was diminished after President Barack Obama's departure, Whalen said. What's more, Garamendi said, “the California delegation is not unified. Republicans don't often work with the Democrats — and vice-versa.”
Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites.
Gov. Jerry Brown has proposed investing $43 billion in infrastructure over the next five years, with the vast majority of the money going to transportation. California voters approved a $7.5 billion water bond in 2014 for a range of needs from flood control to water storage, but that falls far short of needs for flood control and increasing the water supply.
With its extraordinarily complex system of levees, dams and pipelines, the state needs to spend $2.8 billion per year for a decade to protect its citizens from floods, according to the 2013 report card from the American Society of Civil Engineers.
Failing to do so, the report warns, could lead to dire consequences: “A catastrophic failure of any one of the levee systems in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta carries with it the very real potential to be a mega-disaster greater than Hurricane Katrina caused in New Orleans.”
The group releases a report card every four years, with the latest due out next month.
Dodd said he hopes the dangerous situation at the Oroville Dam leads to smarter decisions by everyone in state government, including the Legislature. He said that until he read this news organization's report concerning ignored warnings about the Oroville emergency spillway, he didn't know the need existed.
“While I'm pleased with how they dealt with this in this emergency situation,” he said, “I'm just kind of lamenting the fact that we had an opportunity to learn something 12 years ago.”
Brown made a similar acknowledgment to reporters on Monday, saying, “I'm glad we found out about that.”
The warnings sounded years ago about Oroville Dam's emergency spillway fit a common pattern, said the Hoover Institution's Whalen.
When the next disaster strikes, he said, “you will find the same thing: Somebody warned about it five to 10 years ago and California didn't have the money and Washington didn't want to spend the money.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Uncollected rubbish is piling up on city streets
Birmingham's bin strike is costing £40,000 a day, the city council has said.
The authority is using agency staff and contractors to help clear the backlog as the dispute enters its seventh week.
Councillor Lisa Trickett, the city's environment boss, said the authority hoped to find a resolution to the "challenging" situation this week.
The Unite union has warned the action could continue until Christmas unless a "fair deal" is negotiated.
See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here
Why are city refuse workers on strike?
Image caption Councillor Lisa Trickett said other public services were being put at risk due to the dispute
Ms Trickett, cabinet member for clean streets, recycling and environment, said a contractor had been brought in to carry out an evening collection at tower blocks.
She added a number of agency staff were also being used, with the council facing a basic daily cost of £40,000 due to the action.
"We will look for a resolution this week, we have opened the door and said join us for discussions at [conciliation service] Acas," she said.
"We have agreement on some key areas, it is a case of the union coming and joining us and actually finding a way forward.
"We have to get this bin service back. It's not just the bin service that's suffering, other public services are put at risk by the cost of this strike action."
Image caption Refuse workers have been striking since 30 June, leading to a backlog of bin collections
On Friday, the union said it was balloting refuse collection members to renew its industrial action mandate, which could result in more strikes after the present round ends on 21 September.
The council said it was "very disappointed" by the warning and said Unite was "effectively holding the city to ransom".
The conflict centres on restructuring plans that Unite says are threatening the jobs of more than 120 refuse collectors.
The council says plans will modernise the service and save £5m a year.
Economic development is the goal of new legislation headed to Hillsboro City Council next week, according to Hillsboro Mayor Drew Hastings.
Hastings said he plans to introduce legislation on Downtown Redevelopment Districts and accompanying economic development plans for consideration at city council on Tuesday, and the public will have a chance to provide input on the matter at a public hearing Oct. 20.
Hastings said Friday that the overall goal of a DRD is to preserve and revitalize historic downtown areas and promote economic development and job creation by redirecting a portion of property tax revenue back into the district for further development.
Essentially, the mayor said, if properties in redevelopment districts are improved and gain a higher property tax value, revenue from increased property taxes — the portion that represents the difference based on the higher values — is directed back into the district's coffers.
Hastings said there will be “no tax increase, at all, for anybody.”
Entities such as school districts do not lose their existing tax revenues, since the portion that is directed back to the redevelopment district only comes from the additional amount generated by property improvements.
“Instead of property taxes being broadly spent across all of Highland County, it keeps the increased part within the district,” he said. “Whenever you as a citizen get a property tax, you don't get to decide how it's spent. In this case, property owners get a voice in how their property taxes are spent. And I think that's a big deal for people.”
In turn, the district's operating committee is able to offer grants or loans for renovations and more improvement projects. Funds can also be used for other purposes, such as infrastructure, Hastings said.
District committees are guided by economic development plans passed by city council with initial legislation, Hastings said, and city officials are currently revising a draft of such a plan for Hillsboro.
Hastings said council will mull the creation of two redevelopment districts, one in the uptown area and another surrounding the old stockyards area and Gross-Feibel property, which the city recently purchased.
Hastings said the stockyards area “has more upside potential because it has undeveloped land,” and would be a prime location for a hotel or sports complex, both of which would funnel revenue back into the proposed district.
Hastings said he heard about redevelopment districts at a mayor's conference in February after the concept was approved in state legislation last year, and he has since compiled “hundreds and hundreds of pages of notes” while gathering input from property and business owners, realtors, the school system and other area “stakeholders.”
“When it came to my attention, it jumped out at me,” Hastings said, “because it was almost like they had our city in mind when they created it.”
Hastings said several small cities around southern Ohio have also established redevelopment districts.
Ann Morris, a council member and uptown business owner who has been involved in the planning process, said she likes the idea.
“The downtown redevelopment district program is a great opportunity to keep the center cities of Ohio looking their best,” she said. “Dollars generated from the improvements of each property go strictly back into the downtown/uptown areas that the properties are located in… The dollars can be used for projects that the DRD group chooses.”
Morris said a number of amenities are being considered for the district, including free internet, trash pickup and low-interest loans, “to name a few.”
Morris said property owners within the district can choose whether or not to be part of the district.
Council member Bill Alexander said he's in favor of the idea as well.
“I think that the mayor has worked really, really dilligently on that, and it's something that's going to benefit Hillsboro to a great degree.”
Council member Justin Harsha had no comment on the matter. Council members Tracy Aranyos, Dick Donley, Claudia Klein and Rebecca Wilkin could not be reached for comment Friday afternoon.
Hillsboro City Council will meet Tuesday, Oct. 10 at 7 p.m. in the municipal courtroom at the Highland County Justice Center.
The public hearing will be held Oct. 20 at 5:30 p.m. in the same place.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Hastings http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Hastings-Drew-cropped-2.jpg Hastings
Concept directs revenue toward new development
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Taoiseach Leo Varadkar on the latest adoption scandal
Every adoption agency in Ireland has been involved in illegal child registrations, according to the head of children's charity Barnardos.
The discovery of the illegal registrations were described by Irish prime minister Leo Varadkar as "another dark chapter in our history".
Fergus Findlay, from Barnardos, said it was "a scandal".
He added, however, that "it's not a new one and shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone".
Social workers are contacting 126 people whose adoptive parents were registered as their birth parents.
The individuals were born between 1949 and 1969.
Ireland's child and family agency Tusla said that of the 126 people uncovered so far, 79 may be "entirely unaware of the circumstances of their birth".
Tusla found evidence of the 126 illegal registrations after it gained the records of former adoption agency St Patrick's Guild, which ended its operation in 2004.
Speaking in the Dáil (Irish parliament), Mr Varadkar said there are potentially "hundreds of thousands" further illegal adoption registration records.
When asked if the revelations were the "tip of the iceberg", he replied that an initial scoping exercise looking at the records of other adoption agencies will take place and that, if there is an evidence, a full analysis will be carried out.
"It's potentially a mammoth task," he said.
Mr Findlay, the chief executive of Barnardos, told Irish national broadcaster RTÉ that an investigation needs to be carried out into at least 150,000 adoptions.
He said he would be "amazed" if at least 10% of those cases were not found to be illegal.
"It is a crime against the children because it robbed them of their identity, their heritage, their health histories," he said.
He added: "A lot of women were told after their babies were taken from them that their babies had died and not to enquire about them again.
"Some women have gone through years and years of trauma."
If you haven't been reliably receiving notifications for messages in Google Voice, you may not be alone. Some users at Google's Product Forums have been reporting that notifications from Google Voice don't always appear, and often don't show up until the app is opened and refreshed. Thankfully it seems that Google is on the case. If indicators for events like messages or voicemails in Google Voice do not show up in your notifications, perhaps it's worth taking a look at the threads over on Google's forums.
I've actually been experiencing this problem, myself, but until I saw the forum posts, I had attributed the cause to Google Voice not working with Doze as it should. Most reports indicate that calls to Google Voice are still coming through properly, but notifications for voicemails passed to the service and messages received are not appearing on some user's devices. Some also claim that problem is also manifesting on pre-Marshmallow devices so it may not be attributed to Doze.
The Google Voice team has created a questionnaire for those with the problem so that they can better identify a common source of the issue. If you are among those experiencing the problem, consider taking a look at some of the forum posts in the links below to verify your symptoms before answering the questionnaire.
According to Israel's Channel 2, the agreement would OK the presence of Syrian soldiers up to the border with Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, removing Iranian and Hezbollah forces from the area. Russia would accept that Israel would maintain “its freedom of action against Iranian consolidation in all of Syria.”
NBC News has not been able to independently confirm the reports.
Israel has struck inside Syria more than 100 times since 2012, with most targets suspected of being weapons convoys destined for Hezbollah, which has been engaged in battles alongside Syrian government forces.
If successful, the pact would be an “important step” toward reducing tensions between Israel and Iran, according to Ali Fathollah-Nejad, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center and an associate with the Iran Project at Harvard University.
"The Russians do not want the Iranians to become too powerful in post-ISIS Syria," he said, referring to the multinational effort to crush the extremists that captured swaths of Syria and Iraq in 2014.
In addition, Fathollah-Nejad said Israel is worried about "a permanent Iranian military presence across the Israeli border. … Against this background it makes sense that Israel and Russia find an agreement that they won't both accept an Iranian presence on the Israeli-Syrian border."
On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the withdrawal of all non-Syrian forces from Syria's de-escalation zones along Syria's southwestern border brokered in November should happen "as soon as possible."
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. Sergei Karpukhin / Reuters
Rebels control stretches of southwest Syria bordering the Golan Heights, which have been held by Israel since the 1967 Mideast war, while Syrian troops and allied Iran-backed militias also holding nearby territory.
But Jonathan Eyal, an expert on Russia at the Royal United Services Institute, a London think tank, cautioned against expecting that a Russia-Israel deal would successfully force Iranians out of much of Syria.
"I think [Moscow] has much less influence over Iran than the Russians would like us to believe," he said. "So I believe this deal that this touted is much more in theory than in practice."
And even if a deal is signed, an agreement to push Iranian forces and Hezbollah back from the border may not be enough for Israel in the long run.
Regarding Syria our position is clear: We believe that there is no room for any Iranian military presence anywhere in Syria. And this reflects not only our position; I can say with certainty that it also reflects the positions of others in the Middle East and outside it. — PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) May 28, 2018
"When you consider the advanced weapon systems — surface-to-surface missiles and anti-aircraft systems — that the Iranians want to deploy in Syria, it becomes clear that they must be prevented from doing so in all of Syria and not only within a limited distance from the Israeli border," Chagai Tzuriel, the director-general of Israel's intelligence ministry, told Reuters on Monday.
F. Brinley Bruton reported from London, and Paul Goldman and Lawahez Jabari from Tel Aviv.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Dr. Glenn Duerr, associate professor of international studies at Cedarville University, talks about the NYC explosion.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
“We are looking for eighth and ninth starters. Most teams are looking for fourth and fifth guys. We are a little ahead of the game.” — Sandy Alderson, March 6,...
The Voorhes for Reader's Digest When we were raised, there were plenty of adults—family members as well as neighbors—who took a hand in setting standards for children. Their consistent message—“Mind your manners” and “Mind who you are”—was a call for young people to treat themselves and others with dignity. Families and children flourish with these connections, whether they're personal or based in institutions such as quality day care and schools, sports teams, religious youth groups, extracurricular activities, libraries, and youth development organizations.
But over the years, we have seen the bonds that support young people buckle under the pressures of modern life. In too many places, children are caught in a sticky web of troubles that would be difficult for any of us to escape. Some children do heroically transcend these problems through hard work, character, and idealism. But it should not require heroism to be a child; we need to give our children standards. (This is how you can raise an emotionally intelligent child.)
Our children deserve better. They deserve a life that rewards their dreams, a life of opportunity—after all, equal opportunity is the defining promise of our country. It is a commitment that should unite right and left, rural and urban, rich and poor.
The America to which we aspire rises to challenges and sacrifices for the good of the next generation. If you are a parent worried about the intellectual and moral formation of your children, this is your cause. If you are a teacher struggling against influences outside the classroom that leave young people unprepared for learning, this is your cause. If you are an employer who has trouble finding skilled workers in an increasingly skills-based economy, this is your cause. This is our cause.
We are not child-development ­experts, but we have learned some lessons about success over the years, occasionally through hard experience. Advances in knowledge haven't changed the basic needs of young people. Influencing them depends on some very basic practices that allow adults to enter and impact their lives:
When you're trying to serve young people, it is necessary to really listen. Shaking the hand of a young man or woman, looking him or her in the eyes, taking the time to engage—all these things signal concern and respect. Especially if children feel betrayed, a connection may take time. But this is what children need most—sustained, sympathetic interaction with adults who care enough to help them thrive. This always begins with a willingness to listen. (These are the habits of parents who raised successful children.)
Influence with young people requires consistency. Much hostility and suspicion toward the adult world comes from broken promises of attention and care, especially when family arrangements are unstable. Many children are effectively asking adults: Will you be back tomorrow? And the day after? Will you have my back over time? Children are not reached by a one-time flash of engagement; they are influenced by the long-term glow of commitment.
If the success of young people depends on overlapping factors, so does their failure. They can experience concurrent problems—neglect, economic crisis, bad peer influences, trauma—that reach a tipping point. All their hopes and plans can shrink down to the needs and wants of the moment; they may numb their pain with drugs, leave school, join a gang. Whatever the latest policy trend may be—and we have seen many—no single response will be enough. It is necessary to surround a child with love, support, and encouragement on ­every side, in every endeavor.
Content continues below ad
Reaching young people requires the conviction that they are capable of success. Children have a way of knowing when adults have given up on them. They test our faith in them in a variety of ways. And discouragement can come early. Educators have told us that most children arrive in kindergarten smiling and hungry for learning. But many lack basic skills and feel dismissed and discounted. By the third grade, one educator told us, “the light can go out of their eyes.” It is only a sense of possibility that can rekindle the flame. Children will not believe in themselves if we don't believe in them. And it is unacceptable to watch any of them abandon faith in the future before their lives have really begun.
While these challenges are daunting, we have seen that progress is possible. We have seen communities across the country making serious, rapid progress in places from the Harlem Children's Zone to East Lake in Atlanta to Parramore Kidz Zone in Orlando, from the 55,000 Degrees campaign in Louisville to Say Yes to Education in Buffalo.
In the face of considerable skepticism, great movements of conscience have been brought to scale. Graduation rates in America have reached the highest level in our nation's history. Efforts to reduce teen pregnancy have been dramatically successful. Teen drug and alcohol abuse, by and large, have been on a steady, long-term decline. More students are attending college. And we have seen the expansion of high-quality early childhood programs and health coverage. We know that broad progress in the lives of young people is possible. We have witnessed it.
The good news: You don't have to be a hero to be part of the solution. Here are ideas in everyday life:
The most direct, personal, and influential kind of role? Become a mentor. This type of consistent, unconditional commitment can change the whole world of a child.
Churches, synagogues, and mosques can establish long-term ties in troubled places, showing the patience that is required for progress.
Businesses can reach out and identify talented young people, and then give them the training they need. Whenever we hear complaints about the lack of skilled labor, our response is: Grow your own.
Young people themselves can be part of the equation. Devoting a year after high school or college to serve their community lets them join with others in works of healing.
This cause of helping children become healthy, moral, skilled adults is the cause that will determine the future of our nation. Raising children prepared for lives of accomplishment, self-respect, and contribution is our core responsibility. We can make a difference, one caring adult and one child at a time.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens entered office in 2017 with the opportunity to become the most impactful Republican governor in Missouri history. Never before had a GOP chief executive had so many Republicans in the General Assembly, giving the former Navy SEAL the opportunity to make a policy mark.
By Friday afternoon, Greitens will become a cautionary tale for Missouri politicians. He'll exit office after five months of scandal and disgrace — leaving his successor, Lt. Gov. Mike Parson, with the opportunity to enact policy change that's eluded his party for decades.
For some people who disliked Greitens from the beginning, the governor's fall was predictable. With no experience in electoral politics or government, Greitens never seemed to grasp the learning curve needed to succeed — especially because relationships are so key. Others pointed to Greitens' rhetoric and temperament during the campaign, where he literally created an explosion with a gun to symbolize blowing up Missouri government.
St. Louis Public Radio's Jason Rosenbaum breaks down the reasons behind Gov. Eric Greitens' demise.
“Here is a central character who is very ambitious, very intelligent, and walked into office extremely inexperienced,” said David Robertson, a University of Missouri-St. Louis political science professor. “And he was not very well skilled or not very willing to engage in compromise, to engage in building a coalition that would support his governorship and his later ambitions, and I think that helped bring him down.”
Stellar resume
One of the biggest reasons that Greitens appealed to voters was his experience outside of politics. Few people who've run for office here have had Greitens' educational, military or philanthropic credentials, which might by why national Democrats courted him to run for Congress back in the early 2010s.
Ultimately, Greitens chose to run as a Republican. As was revealed in testimony to a House committee mulling over the governor's impeachment, Greitens had to essentially be taught how to talk and act like a GOP candidate. His answers to questions were often so polished and scripted, that they lacked believability.
It wasn't just his positions on issues that raised eyebrows. After he admitted to an extra-marital affair in January, many took note of how Greitens often chastised others for their moral failures — even though those admonishments came months after he was unfaithful to his wife. And that revulsion only intensified after the woman with whom he had an affair accused him of sexual and physical abuse — charges Greitens denied but lawmakers found credible.
“To me it's really about looking at patterns,” said state Rep. Shamed Dogan, R-Ballwin. “Seeing Eric Greitens' treatment of the senators, knowing that he could be such a bully and such a jerk to the senators, I figured it wasn't much of a stretch to believe that he would do that to a powerless woman tied up in a basement.”
Toxic relationship with lawmakers
Dogan was alluding to how Greitens never seemed to get along with GOP lawmakers crucial to fulfilling his agenda.
It's not that surprising. A big rhetorical hook for Greitens' 2016 campaign was his verbiage against “career politicians” that he contended corroded Missouri state government. He benefited from the Donald Trump wave where people appeared to prefer life experience to experience in government.
Many lawmakers expected him to ditch the antagonism toward elected politicians after he was sworn in, but it continued throughout 2017. Greitens called out Republican legislators by name for not opposing a pay increase. He compared lawmakers to petulant third graders after not enough bills were passed. And a politically-active nonprofit that doesn't disclose its donors attacked sitting GOP senators — a move that upset leaders like Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard.
This posture confounded Republicans, even those who supported Greitens during the primary season, like state Rep. Nate Walker of Kirksville.
“Sometimes in campaigns, we get a little excited and we say things — and that's part of it,” said Walker, who previously served as a state House member in the 1980s. “But everyone that's in this General Assembly that I've served with are good, hardworking, decent people. They're not corrupt.”
Greitens promised transparency
During his 2016 appearance on the Politically Speaking podcast, he spent part of the show criticizing his opponents for operating “secret super PACs” — and emphasized how he was disclosing all the money flowing into his campaign. He went onto declare: “The most important thing is that there is transparency around the money.”
But when Greitens made that statement, he was apparently planning on shielding big donors to his campaign. And as the months unfolded, Greitens' words rang more and more hollow — especially after he benefited from millions of dollars of secret money that he once decried.
After he was elected, Greitens and his team steadfastly refused to reveal the sources who paid for his inauguration — or a politically-active nonprofit that advanced his agenda and attacked his opponents. Even before his troubles began, Greitens routinely declined to make himself available to reporters after public events. And he stopped answering questions from the media after his February indictment — an unprecedented bout of silence from a sitting Missouri governor.
Some, including GOP consultant Michael Hafner who worked for Greitens, believe the opaqueness of Greitens' political and governmental tenure should be concerning for Missouri voters.
“Voters didn't take into consideration the dark money that came into the race,” he said, referring to Greitens' 2016 bid. “That's something people should be concerned about, going forward. People should know who's funding these campaigns.”
Crossing ideological lines
It would be unfair to say that Greitens' short tenure in office was all rhetoric and no action. Some of Greitens' actions were quite impactful — and often engendered bipartisan scorn.
Take the passage of “right to work,” which bars unions and employers from requiring workers to pay dues as a condition of employment. Passage of that GOP priority became inevitable after Greitens came to office. But Greitens' often bellicose rhetoric against organized labor helped mobilize members of labor unions, culminating in an unprecedented effort to repeal right to work later this year.
Greitens upset some lawmakers for how he instituted paid parental leave and a prescription drug monitoring system outside the legislative process. He alienated some of his rural base with how he engineered the ouster of Commissioner of Education Margie Vandeven. And his freeze of the state low-income housing tax credit stoked bipartisan outrage.
Some believe that the low-income housing tax credit decision ended up playing a role in Greitens' demise, as his attorneys thought that the $120,000 that went to an attorney who exposed the affair came from a disgruntled developer. Many lawmakers, though, hope Parson takes a less adversarial posture toward governing — and focuses on finding bipartisan solutions.
“He's a man of integrity,” Sen. Jamilah Nasheed, D-St. Louis said, referring to Parson. “And he's a man if you were in a foxhole, you'd want to be in there with him.”
National ambitions
Greitens wasn't exactly subtle about his desire to run for national office.
In addition to registering a presidential domain name before he was elected, Greitens made some powerful political connections. His main consultant in 2016 was Nick Ayers, who later went onto become Vice President Mike Pence's chief of staff. He spent time in Washington, D.C. and Iowa, furthering the narrative that Greitens was using the governorship as a springboard to a White House run.
Some believe those aspirations got in the way of governing, to the detriment of lawmakers and Missouri residents.
“I think that Eric Greitens will look back at this and remember that he got to be the governor of his home state in his 40s in his first election,” said state Rep. Michael Butler, D-St. Louis. “And he had so much power and so much ability in front of him. And yet he squandered it on the possibility to president, which will never occur now.”
Butler noted that Greitens had a chance to “appoint judges, to reduce crime, to change programs for the better in bipartisan way.”
“He came in under a wave of cleaning up government in the way that Republicans and Democrats alike wanted to work with him,” he added. “Yet he decided not to, all because he wanted to work in D.C.”
On the Trail, a weekly column, weaves together some of the intriguing threads from the world of Missouri politics.
Follow Jason on Twitter: @jrosenbaum
Next time you swing by a fast food joint for a burger, don't be surprised if you see a one-armed robot at work in the kitchen. That's probably just Flippy the burger-flipping robot doing its job.
Flippy is an autonomous assistant designed to work alongside humans in restaurant kitchens. Created by Miso Robots of Pasadena, California, Flippy recently completed its first shift at a fast food restaurant there — and one day could be put to work in kitchens across the country.
In Pasadena, Flippy is working the lunchtime shift at a CaliBurger restaurant, part of a restaurant chain that also has outlets in Canada, Mexico, and China. But human burger-flippers needn't flip out about losing their jobs to Flippy; humans are still needed to place the raw patties on the grill and perform other burger-cooking tasks.
How Flippy's AI system "maps" the grill for flipping burgers. Miso Robotics
Flippy has thermal “eyes” that monitor the cooking process and a spatula-tipped arm that deftly flips the patties as needed and removes them from the grill when they are done. The bot's onboard AI system maps the grill and displays the cooking time for each item on a screen, alerting human cooks when it's time to place cheese on the patties, for instance, or when a burger is ready to be topped with tomatoes, lettuce, or condiments.
Flippy even knows to switch spatulas (one for raw and one for cooked meat) to prevent foodborne illness — and when to snap on its scraper to clean the grill.
Flippy, which in basic form costs about $60,000, isn't much to look at. But it is fast. Miso Robotics says it can help make up to 300 burgers an hour. But Flippy isn't just about being fast.
“The biggest challenge today is that restaurants aren't equipped to provide on-demand service, which is now desired and expected,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told NBC News MACH in an email. “To help overcome this challenge, we developed Flippy to work alongside kitchen staff — serving as an extra hand — to assist with strenuous, time-consuming tasks. As Flippy improves its skillset, it will get faster and will take on more responsibility, including grilling chicken, chopping vegetables, and placing cheese on patties while they cook,” he said.
Having Flippy on hand could lend stability to restaurants troubled by high employee turnover, John Miller, chairman of the company that runs the CaliBurger chain, said in a written statement. If Flippy performs as expected, Miller said the bot will wind up in other CaliBurger locations.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Stoke manager Paul Lambert is not happy after his side lost from a winning position at Bournemouth - the Potters' first defeat since Lambert took charge.
MATCH REPORT: Bournemouth 2-1 Stoke City
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3rd February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Police are investigating the armed robbery of a taxi cab driver in Youngstown.
Independent Taxi Cab Company reported the robbery of one of its cab drivers on Wednesday night.
The driver told police that he picked up three men from the Rockford Village apartments around 11:50 p.m. They told him that they needed a ride to a location on Rutledge Drive, where they robbed the driver at gunpoint, according to a police report.
According to the report, the driver's cell phone was stolen.
The 29-year-old man told police that after the robbery, he drove to Maranatha Court to 911.
The report didn't provide a detailed description of the robbers.
NEW YORK — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
"Unbelievable," handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when she suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
A handler poses for photographs with Rumor, a German shepherd, after Rumor won Best In Show at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show on Feb. 14, 2017, in New York. Frank Franklin II / AP
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent."
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song "Rumor Has It." This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
"She's going to be relaxing for a while," Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are "puppies in her future."
Photos: Top Breeds Compete at Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has no tolerance for anything “boring.”
And many Tesla owners embrace the same notion when it comes to the personalized license plates for their electric cars and SUVs.
Playing off Tesla's notoriety in the electric vehicle market, these license plates poke fun at gasoline-powered cars and trumpet their own eco-friendliness. Some of the "tags" make light of oil dependence with clever word play.
Tesla could use a lighter moment. It has had a 2018 filled with ups and downs. In May, Consumer Reports initially did not recommend the electric vehicle giant's Model 3, its first car priced for mainstream buyers, in part because of long stopping distances, only to see the magazine relent after it flashed software to cars that improved them. Last month, Tesla topped a list of best-selling electric vehicles in the United States, selling three of the five most popular cars. And this week, Tesla announced that it had reached Musk's goal of manufacturing 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week.
Here is a collection of tweets showing some of the more creative Tesla plates:
Look at this @Tesla license plate 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/rdVRJmidrJ — Kevin Wasielewski 🔜 GuardianCon 2018 (@ORIGINPCCEO) August 22, 2017
Douglas Kass, founder and president of hedge fund sponsor, Seabreeze Partners Management, Inc., spotted a plate that transformed a standoffish response into a clever pun.
Check out tesla license plate! pic.twitter.com/lanfuOjIwq — Douglas Kass (@DougKass) May 10, 2017
Meanwhile, Washington Post Economics Correspondent Heather Long spotted a car mocking the use of the dominant energy supply.
Even José María Figueres, the former president of Costa Rica from 1994 to 1998, joined in on the fun, noting a design with a more explicit message.
I love this Tesla electric vehicle, and even more its license plate! pic.twitter.com/5UM9IhRraL — José María Figueres (@figuerescr) April 12, 2016
One Twitter user snapped a pic of a license plate making a play on words regarding the unit of measurement for electricity.
try to find a better tesla license plate... you can't pic.twitter.com/Q2zCKkrOws — Στεφανος Xριστ (@scrist13) July 6, 2014
And another Twitter user noticed a car that made a prediction about the future of gas-powered cars.
Tesla electric car with an interesting license plate; RIP OIL #sanfrancisco pic.twitter.com/vKA5np28FG — Georges Azzi (@azzi) April 14, 2013
Follow USA TODAY intern Ben Tobin on Twitter: @TobinBen
Tesla finally built 5,000 Model 3s in a week at the end of June.
Tesla
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:10 South Gwinnett star learned a lot during RisingSeniors week
This is the moment co-workers of anti-Kremlin journalist Arkady Babchenko learned he'd faked his own death to thwart an assassination plot — and is still alive.
Emotional video posted by Radio Free Europe shows staffers at Ukrainian TV network ATV cheer, gasp and hug as they watch the stunning press conference Wednesday where police revealed that Babchenko's previously reported “death” was actually staged — and he then appeared in the flesh.
Several bounces up and down whooping and clapping, while others cover their mouths in stunned silence.
Babchenko — a war reporter who fled Russia last year over fears for his life — was reported shot dead on Tuesday. But at the press conference, he revealed it was all a ruse set up by local police to foil Kremlin-backed hitmen out to kill him for real.
The number of Kildare girls getting the HPV vaccine is in freefall, according to Irish Cancer Society.
The vaccine protects against the strains of Human Papilloma Virus which cause 70% of cases of cervical cancer in women.
In the 2015/2016 school year 329 schoolgirls in the Kildare/West Wicklow Local Health Office area declined the offer of the free vaccine. This meant just 81.2% of girls eligible to receive the vaccine in Kildare and West Wicklow actually got it, down from 95.9% the previous year.
Provisional figures show that the uptake fell even more sharply in 2016/2017, falling to as low as 50% nationally.
The result is that after almost steady decline in the numbers of women being diagnosed and dying of cervical cancer since the vaccine was introduced in 2010, the numbers are starting to rise once again.
“Last year's low uptake will result in a minimum of 40 deaths,” a spokesperson for the Irish Cancer Society said.
“Another 100 girls will need life-changing treatment and 1,000 more will need invasive therapy.”
The figures come from the Health Protection Surveillance Centre, a unit within the HSE.
This year alone, up to 420 people in Ireland will be diagnosed with a cancer caused by HPV infection. Almost 300 of these will be cervical cancer cases. A further 6,500 women will need hospital treatment to remove precancerous growths in their cervix caused by HPV.
The vaccine is recommended by the World Health Organisation, the International Federation of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists; the National Immunisation Advisory Committee says that HPV vaccines have been shown to be very safe.
The HSE says that for more than 10 years the safety of the HPV vaccine has been strictly monitored and frequently reviewed by many international bodies including: the European Medicines Agency (EMA); the Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety of the World Health Organization; and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the US.
These international bodies have continually reported that the vaccine is safe with no known long-term side effects.
The vaccine can cause some short term side effects they say. These may include: pain, redness or swelling in the arm where the vaccine was given; headache; dizziness; nausea; and/or a mild fever.These can be treated with paracetamol or ibuprofen.Occasionally girls faint after getting an injection. The girls will be advised to sit down for 15 minutes after the vaccination. This helps prevent fainting. Rarer side effects include: wheezing (bronchospasm); or an itchy rash or hives.
Competing with Team USA this summer at the Pan American Championships in Florida, 16-year-old Naomi Kutin dead-lifted an incredible 365 pounds.
The high-school junior from Fair Lawn, NJ, has been nicknamed “Supergirl” ever since she broke a world record in 2012 by squatting 215 pounds in the 97-pound weight class at the tender age of 9.
The record was previously held by a 44-year-old German woman.
Now Naomi, a modern Orthodox Jew who always competes wearing a T-shirt under her singlet for modesty reasons, is the subject of the documentary “Supergirl,” airing Dec. 18 on PBS. Cameras followed her for three years when she was between the ages of 11 and 14.
“I wanted to do [the film] because I thought it was a great opportunity to show people that you can be an Orthodox Jew and a world-class powerlifter and still be religious,” she tells The Post.
The teen, who trains with her father, Ed, in the family's cluttered basement, points out that some stricter sects frown upon girls doing any type of sport at all.
“I wear long shorts when I am training, but my everyday skirts are below the knee,” she says.
Naomi's success has drawn attention to the potential health risks of a developing girl performing intense power lifts, with some critics speculating that the rigorous sport is more suited to adults and could potentially stunt growth.
The American Association of Pediatrics (AAP) and National Institute of Health sanction powerlifting and bodybuilding only after adolescents have reached skeletal maturity — at the age of 14 for most girls, 16 for boys.
“They are particularly concerned about rapid high lifts [lifting to the neck level], which could cause back injuries,” says Manhattan pediatrician Dr. Barry Stein, assistant clinical professor at Mount Sinai Medical School.
Stein insists that would-be powerlifters have a physical examination before even touching a piece of equipment.
“You need to make sure there are no contraindications, such as elevated blood pressure and a thickened heart muscle,” says Stein. “The problem when you are doing this training is that you're putting very rapid strain on the heart.”
Naomi's family, however, insist their daughter was never placed in harm's way.
“Everything Naomi does takes place under close medical supervision of our doctor. We all know her limits,” says her mom, Neshama, 54, a certified health coach.
You can be an Orthodox Jew and a world-class powerlifter and still be religious
“Supergirl” also explores other health concerns affecting Naomi during her competitive career. They include debilitating headaches, which her mother says she successfully treated with magnesium supplements. Then there was the obsessive weight-watching so Naomi could remain in her 97-pound category — in the film, she goes without food and drink for seven hours in order to drop a pound in one and a half days.
Although she still watches her weight, Naomi's outgrown the sub-100-pound weight class and can loosen the reigns on her regime.
A typical kosher meal for Naomi these days is a 3-ounce grilled steak, served with two cups of vegetables and a baked sweet potato. Dessert is always fruited, however, she does occasionally splurge on chocolate ice cream.
“My family has a very healthy lifestyle and [doesn't] eat junk food,” says Naomi. “I am conscious of my weight, but don't go to extremes [of dieting]. I eat a lot of protein to keep up with all the muscles. My regular foods are beef, fruits and vegetables.”
“I always make sure she has the right nutrition and she doesn't eat sweets by choice,” says Neshama.
In the winter of 2014/2015, benign tumors were discovered in Naomi's pituitary gland, grand sinuses and eardrum (the latter tumor was removed). While they are being monitored, doctors found them to be unrelated to her powerlifting, says Naomi.
“I was super-duper worried,” she says. “I was anxious to get an answer, to find out what was wrong.”
Now her days are consumed by SAT prep and training for the USA Powerlifting High School Championships in March in Wisconsin, as well as running the Jerusalem Marathon that same month.
But Supergirl relishes the challenge — and living up to her nickname.
“I've really adopted the name as my own,” says Naomi. “It makes me think of strength, power and confidence. It's good.”
From Selinsgrove Speedway
SELINSGROVE, Pa. (April 23, 2018) – Mark Smith of Sunbury held off the hard-charging Freddie Rahmer of Salfordville for the victory in Sunday night's suspenseful 30-lap Ray Tilley Classic for 410 sprint cars at Selinsgrove Speedway.
For Smith, driving the Mach 1 Chassis/Optilumen No. 1M, the $4,088 win was his first of the season in central Pennsylvania and fourth overall. He was the fifth different driver to receive the custom crystal cup trophy presented by the Tilley family for winning the tribute race honoring the memory of the speedway's former four-time sprint car champion.
The win was Smith's first in a 410 sprint car at Selinsgrove since 2003. He holds the distinction as the only driver to have won in four different classes of open wheel cars at the track, including super sportsman, 358 sprint cars, 360 sprint cars, and 410 sprint cars.
Greg Hodnett of York was the night's Fast Tees Fast Qualifier with a lap time of 15.849 (120 MPH average), nearly eclipsing Daryn Pittman's 2011 track record of 15.810, on the track's new red clay surface.
Kyle Bachman of Selinsgrove inherited the lead from opening night winner Tommy Slanker of York and went on to win the 15-lap pro stock main event.
Keith Bissinger of Orangeville scored his first win of the season in the 12-lap roadrunner feature by holding off last week's winner Ryan Zook of Mifflintown.
Selinsgrove Speedway is back in action at 7 p.m. this Saturday, April 28, with the 360 sprint cars, super late models, pro stocks in the A&A Auto Stores Pro Stock 20, and roadrunners. Pit gates will open at 4 p.m. with grandstand gates at 5 p.m.
Polesitter Gerard McIntyre pulled into the lead at the start of the 410 sprint car feature and was chased by second-place starter TJ Stutts until third-place starter Steve Buckwalter advanced to second entering turn three.
On lap four, Buckwalter's car blew a tire on the frontstretch, causing the Royersford driver to get sideways in turn one. When his car rolled over it was struck by Jason Shultz's sprinter. Both drivers escaped injury.
When the race resumed on lap five, McIntyre held a solid lead over fifth-place starter Mark Smith, Stutts, and fourth-place starter Freddie Rahmer. The race was slowed again on lap 10 when Blane Heimbach's car rolled to a stop on the backstretch with a flat tire. Heimbach rejoined the field.
Smith made the winning pass using the inside lane entering turn one on the lap 11 restarts. A lap later Rahmer moved into second after getting by McIntyre in turn 3. On the 14th lap, Heimbach's car stopped on the frontstretch with mechanical issues.
At the halfway point, an intense multi-car battle unfolded for positions in the top five between Stutts, Hodnett, McIntyre, and 12th place starter Brock Zearfoss. When Zearfoss drove to the outside in turns three and four his car got sideways and struck the outside guardrail, ending his drive to the front and chances of a three-win weekend.
The final 10 laps saw Smith set the pace in front of Rahmer, Stutts, Hodnett and ninth-place starter Lucas Wolfe. In the closing laps, the leaders began to encounter slower traffic, allowing Rahmer to reel in Smith. At the checkered flag, Smith was victorious by .51 of a second in a close finish with Rahmer. Stutts, Hodnett, and Wolfe rounded out the top five.
In the season's second pro stock feature, polesitter Tommy Slanker powered into the early lead over fourth-place starter AJ Hoffman and second-place starter Brandon Moser. On the foreboding 13th circuit, misfortune struck Slanker's racer and allowed by fourth-place starter AJ Hoffman to lead the next lap.
With two laps remaining, third-place starter Kyle Bachman made an inside pass by Hoffman on the frontstretch to take the lead. Bachman went on to win the race by just .57 of a second over Moser, Slanker, Andrew Shoop, and Shaun Lawton.
Defending co-champion Will Brunson started on the pole in the roadrunner feature and held off co-champion and sixth-place starter Keith Bissinger for the first five laps before Bissinger took command of the field during a three-wide race in turn two on the sixth circuit.
While Bissinger set the pace, third-place starter Ryan Zook and Brunson remained in striking distance. At the checkered flag, Bissinger was victorious by the slimmest of margins over Zook, Brunson, Smith Cope, and Jake Jones.
SELINSGROVE SPEEDWAY RACE SUMMARY – 22 April 2018
410 Sprint Cars – 20 Entries
30-Lap A-Main: 1) M1 Mark Smith ($4,088) 2) 51 Freddie Rahmer 3) 11 TJ Stutts 4) 27 Greg Hodnett 5) 24 Lucas Wolfe 6) 39 Anthony Macri 7) 07 Gerald McIntyre 8) 44 Trey Starks 9) 14 Coleman Gulick 10) 33 Michael Walter 11) 28F Davie Franek 12) 66 Ryan Kissinger 13) 98 Joe Trenca 14) 3Z Brock Zearfoss 15) 12 Blane Heimbach 16) 17B Steve Buckwalter 17) 29 Jason Shultz 18) 9 Ryan Linder 19) 10 Joe Kata 20) 19 Colby Womer
Heat Winners: Freddie Rahmer, Steve Buckwalter, TJ Stutts
Time Trials: 1) 27 Greg Hodnett 15.849 2) 44 Trey Starks 15.878 3) 24 Lucas Wolfe 15.919 4) 39 Anthony Macri 15.994 5) 12 Blane Heimbach 16.003 6) 3Z Brock Zearfoss 16.016 7) 51 Freddie Rahmer 16.047 8) 17B Steve Buckwalter 16.056 9) 29 Jason Shultz 16.088 10) 07 Gerald McIntyre 16.177 11) M1 Mark Smith 16.202 12) 11 TJ Stutts 16.407 13) 14 Coleman Gullick 16.517 14) 28F Davie Franek 16.616 15) 10 Joe Kata 16.637 16) 98 Joe Trenca 16.707 17) 9 Ryan Linder 16.772 18) 66 Ryan Kissinger 16.992 19) 33 Michael Walter 17.190 20) 19 Colby Womer 17.664 Pro Stocks – 12 Entries 15-Lap A-Main: 1) 99B Kyle Bachman 2) 8M Brandon Moser 3) 40 Tommy Slanker 4) 8S Andrew Shoop 5) 92 Shaun Lawton 6) 00 Cory Long 7) 11B Jake Buck 8) 89 John Schoch 9) 6C AJ Hoffman 10) 9 Noah Jensen 11) 55T John Troxell 12) 14C Bill Conrad Heat Winners: AJ Hoffman, Kyle Bachman Roadrunners – 9 Entries 12-Lap A-Main: 1) 11 Keith Bissinger 2) 28Z Ryan Zook 3) 8B Will Brunson 4) 1 Smith Cope 5) 7 Jake Jones 6) 32 Ken Schreffler 7) 7S Butch Shaffer 8) 44C Corey Collier 9) 28 Nick Decker 10) 28M Miranda Minium Heat Winners: Will Brunson, Jake Jones
The moment inmates beat Rikers officer as fellow guard does nothing A Rikers guard appeared to do nothing while five inmates savaged his co-worker, breaking the correction officer's neck and sending him to the hospital in serious condition, according to a...
Gangsters beat Rikers Island correction officer to a pulp Gangbangers brutally beat a correction officer at Rikers Island on Saturday, knocking him out and breaking his neck, according to jail records obtained by The Post. The officer was attacked...
Bomb that critically injured landlord was meant for gang member The package had sat alongside the concrete stoop of a Queens two-family home for about a week before the landlord — a kind and generous man, 72 years old —...
Credit card scam crew went on 'extravagant' shopping sprees A crook named “Rambo'' headed up a widespread credit-card scam that netted enough cash to pay for goodies such as a Maserati, the Queens DA's Office said Friday. Ramsey “Rambo''...
Cuomo aide was casualty of bloody gang war They once were brothers in crime — two small bands of street thugs who shared drug corners and gang customs, like wearing their hats to the right and greeting one...
Grudge spurred fatal shootout at gang member's funeral A 20-year-old grudge sparked a shootout that killed two men and injured four people at a Brooklyn gang member's funeral, police sources said Tuesday. Gunfire rang out in front Emmanuel...
Bloods gang member 'sucker-punches cop' during anti-police protest Nearly a week after firebrand Brooklyn Councilman Jumaane Williams tweeted his support for members of the Bloods to join anti-cop protests, a member of the violent gang took him up...
How the love of a high school girl sparked a gang war Joe “Steed” Wallace doesn't like to talk about the scar. His fellow Bloods often see him stroking it, though, mostly when he's angry. It's a habit he's been trying to...
Bloods threaten to kill 'sitting duck' bridge cops Even the Bloods hate the road-rage-inducing Pulaski Skyway construction project. The ruthless gang — which has vowed to kill Jersey City police officers to avenge a cop-killer shot dead by...
Video
Stuart Gumm had a serious mental breakdown about four years ago.
Diagnosed with anxiety and depression, he often suffers panic attacks, no longer drives, and rarely leaves the house.
The 52-year-old from Talywain near Pontypool, in Torfaen, said the care provided by his 12-year-old son Carwyn has saved his life.
Sam Powell says the culture within the Wigan camp has “definitely” gone up a notch.
The Warriors are deep into the preparations for the 2018 campaign.
And hooker Powell has noticed a difference in wake of their disappointing end to their last Super League campaign – in which Wigan missed out on a place in the top-four play-offs.
Shaun Wane has already stated this is the happiest he has been at this point in a pre-season.
And Powell revealed: “I have noticed changes in the intensity in training.
“We have spoken about the culture and it's definitely gone up.
“I hope that's how it stays.”
Warriors won the World Club Challenge this year and reached Wembley, but the over-riding feeling – among fans, players and coaches – seems to be one of frustration.
Powell, 25, said: “It's really not hard to motivate yourself in training because we pride ourselves on winning - and that's the motivation.
“It was a disappointing year for us.
“For me personally, I wasn't happy with how I played.
“The previous year was good for me (he
won the Players' Player of the Year).
“But last season as a whole was disappointing and I want to make sure I improve in the off-season and go into the new year flying.”
ERIN, Wis. – It's the longest playoff format in golf, and it's not going away anytime soon.
The U.S. Open bills itself as a grueling test, and that notion extends to how it decides a winner in the event of a tie. While the other three majors employ sudden death (Masters), a three-hole aggregate (PGA Championship) or four-hole aggregate (The Open), the U.S. Open uses an 18-hole playoff format. Speaking Wednesday at Erin Hills, USGA chief executive Mike Davis made it clear his organization has no plans to tweak that format anytime soon.
“I don't think in the foreseeable future you will see a change in the 18-hole playoff,” Davis said.
The USGA used to have an 18-hole playoff for the U.S. Women's Open, but in 2007 they opted to change that to a three-hole aggregate. Davis noted that that inconsistency opens them up to questions about similar switches for the men, but he pointed to the 1994 playoff at Oakmont among Ernie Els, Colin Montgomerie and Loren Roberts as an example of the current format's merit.
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
“What's interesting is if we had a sudden-death playoff one player would have won, if it's a three- or four-hole playoff another player would have won,” he said. “But over 18 holes, Ernie Els was the best player that day. And we think there's something to that.”
The U.S. Open has not had a playoff since the memorable duel between Tiger Woods and Rocco Mediate at Torrey Pines in 2008, and a regulation winner at Erin Hills would mean the tournament went at least nine years in between playoffs for the first time in its history.
While Davis admits that it's an aspect the championship committee will continue to address, he hopes that pro golf's longest playoff format will continue for years to come.
“We could get one where maybe it would change our mind,” he said. “I'm kind of hoping it doesn't happen under my watch.”
Mark Wahlberg denies using steroids Wahlberg said his beefy body is the result of "hard work" and it's "all natural."
Kourtney Kardashian and Sofia Richie battle for the best beach bod of 2017 These bangin' beach bodies made waves this year. Kourtney Kardashian and Hailey Baldwin both looked fabulous in a swimsuit. Meanwhile, power couple Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union were the definition...
Get inspired by these celebrity beach bodies These stars showed off their beach bodies in 2017.
Actors who look nothing like themselves Years in the limelight can change a person.
Wendy Williams hits Barbados beach after Hurricane Irma She was also joined by her longtime husband Kevin Hunter.
The sexiest beach bodies of summer Celebrities put their best bikinis — and boardshorts — forward this summer as they sunned, swam and swanned around hot spots from South Beach to St. Barts and Martha's Vineyard...
America Ferrera is expecting her first child The 33-year-old actress revealed on New Year's Eve that she and her husband Ryan Piers Williams are expecting their first baby.
The mystery behind 'Superstore' co-star's wheelchair “Black Friday,” that post-Thanksgiving orgy of shopping and bargain-hunting, has descended upon us in stores and malls nationwide. The irony of the day isn't lost on Colton Dunn vis a...
Reese Witherspoon sexually assaulted by director at 16 The actresses recount experiences of sexual assault when they were both minors.
America Ferrera takes her activism to a new level Ferrera aims to connect communities to the people on the front lines of the issues.
'Superstore' star dishes on series' will-they-won't-they tension Thursday's season finale of “Superstore” mixes offbeat humor with a touch of pathos — a combination that's quietly carried the quirky NBC sitcom through its first two seasons. “I'm the...
America Ferrera completes her second triathlon The "Ugly Betty" alumna competed the race, which was held in Hawaii, in 3:49:58.
HARARE: Zimbabwe Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa said late on Thursday he had been hospitalized in South Africa in August because he had been poisoned, escalating confrontation in the country during a fight to succeed 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwa, a former intelligence chief nicknamed “the Crocodile,” is the leading candidate to succeed Mugabe, the only leader Zimbabwe has known since independence in 1980.
He did not say who he believed was responsible for trying to kill him, but his main political rival, First Lady Grace Mugabe, swiftly denied having anything to do with it.
Mnangagwa was airlifted to Johannesburg after falling ill in August. At a news conference late on Thursday open only to state media, he said doctors had concluded that poisoning was to blame for his illness, and not inadvertent food poisoning.
“The medical doctors who attended to me ruled out food poisoning but confirmed that indeed poisoning had occurred and investigations were in progress,” Mnangagwa said, reading from a statement. He provided no further details or proof.
Mnangagwa, 75, became vice president in 2014, putting him at the front of the pack to succeed Mugabe. However over the last 18 months he has met fierce opposition from Grace Mugabe and a faction of the ruling party backing her.
The first lady denied having anything to do with his illness and accused him of lying about it to get public sympathy.
“Why should I kill Mnangagwa? Who is Mnangagwa on this earth?” Grace Mugabe said in footage aired on Friday on state television. “Killing someone who was given a job by my husband? That is nonsensical.”
After his hospitalization, Zimbabwean media said Mnangagwa had suffered food poisoning after eating ice cream from a dairy company owned by Mugabe and his wife, which both the Mugabes denied.
HARARE: Zimbabwe Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa said late on Thursday he had been hospitalized in South Africa in August because he had been poisoned, escalating confrontation in the country during a fight to succeed 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwa, a former intelligence chief nicknamed “the Crocodile,” is the leading candidate to succeed Mugabe, the only leader Zimbabwe has known since independence in 1980.
He did not say who he believed was responsible for trying to kill him, but his main political rival, First Lady Grace Mugabe, swiftly denied having anything to do with it.
Mnangagwa was airlifted to Johannesburg after falling ill in August. At a news conference late on Thursday open only to state media, he said doctors had concluded that poisoning was to blame for his illness, and not inadvertent food poisoning.
“The medical doctors who attended to me ruled out food poisoning but confirmed that indeed poisoning had occurred and investigations were in progress,” Mnangagwa said, reading from a statement. He provided no further details or proof.
Mnangagwa, 75, became vice president in 2014, putting him at the front of the pack to succeed Mugabe. However over the last 18 months he has met fierce opposition from Grace Mugabe and a faction of the ruling party backing her.
The first lady denied having anything to do with his illness and accused him of lying about it to get public sympathy.
“Why should I kill Mnangagwa? Who is Mnangagwa on this earth?” Grace Mugabe said in footage aired on Friday on state television. “Killing someone who was given a job by my husband? That is nonsensical.”
After his hospitalization, Zimbabwean media said Mnangagwa had suffered food poisoning after eating ice cream from a dairy company owned by Mugabe and his wife, which both the Mugabes denied.
Camille Balla, accused of killing her mother, appears in bond court where deputies removed her following an outburst.
A Florida woman is accused of fatally stabbing her mother and gouging the 55-year-old woman's eyeballs out during a drug-fueled attack, according to an arrest report.
Camille Balla, 32, was arrested Friday on a first-degree murder charge in the death of Francisca Monterio-Balla, according to a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office report.
Deputies said when they arrived at the Royal Palm Beach home the two women shared, they found Bella, who appeared "frantic," sitting on the sidewalk and covered in blood.
"I killed my mother and I need help," Balla told the deputies, according to the report.
Inside the home, deputies found blood-splattered walls throughout the house and discovered Monterio-Balla's body in the garage. Monterio-Balla's eyes had been "removed from her head and placed on a nearby cardboard box," deputies said, according to the report.
Balla told deputies she had smoked marijuana but she suspected it was laced with Flakka or PCP, the report said.
While first responders were on the scene, she reportedly mumbled, screamed and ran around before falling to the ground. Deputies said Balla repeatedly yelled "I'm a murderer!" according to the report.
Deputies also found several handwritten notes in the garage that had "religious-themed written messages related to clearing of the soul," the report said.
Balla was treated for lacerations before she was booked into jail where she remained without bond Monday, records showed. Attorney information wasn't available.
Video
Cambridge Analytica chief executive Alexander Nix has denied the data analytics firm ever worked for Russia.
He told the BBC's Newsnight programme there had been "a couple" of meetings with the Turkish subsidiary of Russian oil company Lukoil but said nothing had come of them.
Read more: Warrant sought to inspect Cambridge Analytica
Janelle Monáe may rock head-to-toe glitter on the red carpet, but it's her ring game that really shines. The “Hidden Figures” and “Moonlight” star dazzled in fistfuls of diamond-encrusted bands...
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
“Every citizen of Israel says to themselves: [Operation] Protective Edge never truly ended because we have two soldiers who still haven't come home,” MK Shuli Moalem-Refaeli (Bayit Yehudi) said during a meeting she and MK Amir Peretz (Zionist Union) held in Knesset on Wednesday regarding captive soldiers Oron Shaul and Hadar Goldin.
Shaul and Goldin were captured and killed by Hamas during Operation Protective Edge in 2014; their bodies were never returned to Israel.
Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked (Bayit Yehudi) told attendees that “this topic is always on the daily agenda of the government.”Ayelet Goldin, Hadar's sister, later criticized Shaked, who left right after speaking: “How can it be… that the Justice Minister didn't stay in the room?”Decrying the government's inaction and silence regarding her brother, she said: “I really grew up and was educated in a Zionist family… I thought those who lead us… care [about us].”Irwin Cotler, a former member of Canada's parliament and a legal advocate for human rights, spoke in English about Hamas's violations of international humanitarian law, which include “the refusal by Hamas to share any information whatsoever [about the captives]… the refusal to repatriate the remains of the soldiers… the violation of the principle of respect for the remains of the deceased… [the violation of] the right to bury according to one's own religious tradition.”Cotler said that the Palestinian Authority represents, through the International Criminal Court, the Palestinian community, and yet “[for] four years they have been given a pass [on this issue], as if they're not involved.”Zehava Shaul, Oron's mother, told the conference she believes the time for Israeli and Gazan leaders to come to a solution in this case has come, and that the “complicated situation” in Gaza could be helpful in negotiations.“The pain goes away and then comes back even stronger,” she said about the past four years.Leah Goldin, Hadar's mother, also felt that “the strength of Israel” is missing from the efforts to bring the sons back.“Abu Mazen [PA President Mahmoud Abbas] knows how to make demands… [saying to the United Nations] ‘I will not continue through the [peace] process until Hamas no longer is ruling [Gaza],'” she said. “But Bibi Netanyahu doesn't know how to say, ‘I won't continue with the [peace] process until they return the soldiers.'”Cotler later told The Jerusalem Post: “It's not an Israeli case, it's a case anchored in international human rights and humanitarian law” and should involve the international community.Emphasizing that he supports providing “necessary humanitarian assistance” to Gaza, Cotler said that “[if] we provide necessary humanitarian assistance to Gaza, for its people… the recipients of that assistance [must] implement their international law obligations in all respects.”
HUBER HEIGHTS, Ohio (WDTN) – Huber Heights residents have an opportunity to serve on the city's Parks and Recreation Board.
The city of Huber Heights is looking to fill two open spots on the board.
The city council will be accepting applications until July 14.
Huber Heights residents can pick up an application at city hall, or on the city's website.
More information is provided on the City of Huber Heights website.
Fix New York's broken campaign finance rules Something's badly glitched in the city's campaign laws. Actually, several somethings — starting with the fact that Bo Dietl was the only minor candidate to join Mayor de Blasio and...
'Go f--k yourself': Dietl fires back at Sliwa after 'clown' comment Mayoral candidate Bo Dietl went ballistic on Guardian Angels founder Curtis Sliwa in a expletive filled voice message left on his phone. Sliwa's offense? He called Dietl a “clown” on...
Challengers pounce on de Blasio donor scandal at final debate The top two challengers fighting to unseat Mayor de Blasio hammered him Wednesday over a major donor's testimony this past week that his payments bought both access and results from...
Bo Dietl claims his 'male enhancement' pills are for diabetes Independent New York City mayoral candidate Bo Dietl gobbled down some over-the-counter “male enhancement” pills in front of a young female reporter — then later claimed he took them to...
Underdogs waste no time attacking de Blasio in mayoral debate Mayor de Blasio fought off one-two punch combos Tuesday night from challengers Nicole Malliotakis and Bo Dietl in a raucous three-way debate that repeatedly devolved into heckling from the crowd...
De Blasio challenger says he's being 'muzzled' by Campaign Finance Board Long-shot mayoral candidate Sal Albanese is suing the Campaign Finance Board for the right to debate incumbent Bill de Blasio next week, claiming that the agency is trying to “muzzle”...
Malliotakis camp says private poll shows she still has a chance As public polls show GOP mayoral candidate Nicole Malliotakis getting slaughtered by Democratic incumbent Bill de Blasio, her campaign is circulating of an internal survey claiming she's got a shot...
Lederhosen-clad Dietl clashes with Malliotakis at parade Don't get your lederhosen in a knot. Bo Dietl, clad in the traditional German leggings, got in the face of fellow mayoral candidate Nicole Malliotakis at Saturday's Steuben Day Parade...
Bo Dietl wants to punch de Blasio: 'I just don't like the guy' Former NYPD Detective Bo Dietl, speaking at a mayoral candidates' forum Tuesday night, said he'd like to deliver a literal knockout blow to Mayor de Blasio. Dietl, asked at St....
LA MARQUE, Texas - A La Marque police officer was involved in a deadly shooting Sunday while responding to a burglary, officials said.
According to investigators, an armed man threatened a resident just after 10 p.m. inside a home in the 800 block of Retama and ran.
WATCH: La Marque officer-involved shooting update
The officer, Jose Santos, and K-9 found the suspected robber, Gregory Ray Ham, 62, in a building near the victim's home, officials said. Santos and the K-9 entered the home and found Ham in a room with a sword, officials said.
Officials said Ham struck Santos in the face and the K-9 with the sword during the attack. Officials said Santos pulled out a gun and shot Ham once.
Ham was pronounced dead at the scene.
Santos sustained minor injuries and was treated at a nearby hospital. The K-9 was also injured and treated at a veterinarian.
Santos, a seven-year veteran, have been with the La Marque Police Department since October 2014.
Galveston County sheriff's officials could be seen interviewing neighbors Monday morning on Retama.
The Galveston County District Attorney's Office told Channel 2 that there are three separate investigations underway
into the shooting. The Galveston County Sheriff's Office will conduct a criminal investigation.
La Marque police said an internal investigation might be opened, as well.
The officer who was involved in the incident was still on duty as of Monday afternoon.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Image copyright PA Image caption Reports say the government is considering cutting up to 2,000 marines
Cutting the number of Royal Marines and the ships they use to carry out beach landings would significantly undermine UK security, MPs have warned.
There is speculation the government is considering axing up to 2,000 marines and the Royal Navy's two specialist landing ships in a security review.
But a Commons Defence Select Committee report said such cuts would be "militarily illiterate".
A MoD spokesman said "protecting the UK will always be our priority".
The Tory-led committee's strongly worded report - called Sunset for the Royal Marines? - warns the rumoured cuts would weaken one of Britain's elite fighting forces.
"Given the disproportionate contribution the Royal Marines make to defence and the sheer range and versatility of their military skills, both they and the country's security would be significantly undermined," they said.
They also said slashing its two amphibious assault ships HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark - used to carry out beach landings - would "put the interests of this country at serious risk".
Image copyright Ministry of Defence Image caption HMS Bulwark was involved in migrant rescue missions in the central Mediterranean
Defence Select Committee chair Julian Lewis said if the ships were lost "the heart would be torn out of our amphibious capability".
The Tory MP told the BBC: "The MoD will have to beat [the money] out of the Treasury.
"The Treasury has got to cough up."
Cuts have caused 'embarrassment'
Mr Lewis added that recent years had seen "new and intensified threats" and the UK should not be "deleting one of our world-beating capabilities".
The MPs' report also said cuts to the Royal Marines since 2011 had already led to "a tangible drop in morale" and "particular embarrassment" during exercises with the UK's allies.
In response to the report, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said: "Protecting the UK will always be our priority and the Royal Marines play a vital role in defending our country.
"Just last week we launched the Modernising Defence Programme to strengthen our Armed Forces in the face of intensifying threats.
"Our brand-new aircraft carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is central to our efforts to build an Armed Forces fit for the future and is a symbol of our intent to remain a truly Global Britain."
The Galaxy S8 is shipping to those who pre-ordered the device, but last year's Samsung flagship is still capable. Well, as long as you're not paying retail for it. The GS7 sales will start picking up now that it's yesterday's news, and you can take advantage of one right now. A refurbished Galaxy S7 is on eBay for $299.99 with coupon code.
This phone is a manufacturer refurbished AT&T model, but it's also unlocked. It will work best on AT&T's network because of the bands, but it should run on any GSM carrier. The base price is $350, but there's a 20% off coupon live right now that knocks another 20% off for a total of $299.99. Just enter PSHOPTECH417 during checkout.
You have your choice of the gold or black version of the phone. You get free standard shipping in the US, but no international options this time. Tax will be charged only in Pennsylvania.
Douglas -- who hasn't had a major TV role since the 1970s -- plays an acting coach who once had a little whiff of acting success when he was a younger man. Arkin's character is his friend and agent.
Other notable Netflix pulls of late include an anthology series about the American West from the Coen brothers, a new show from David Letterman, Mark Millar's comics publishing house and a fantasy cartoon from Matt Groening. Netflix also just signed Shonda Rhimes and her Shondaland empire.
There's no word yet on when we can expect to watch The Kominsky Method, but for those hankering for some Chuck Lorre, his new Netflix series with Kathy Bates premieres on August 25th.
Medico, 3 friends die in highway car crash
DH News Service, Bengaluru, Oct 7 2017, 1:30 IST
The mangled sedan car after colliding with the container truck near Kempanahalli Gate on Mysore Road in Ramanagara. Insert- Deceased Jeena Eldo (21), Joel Jacob (21), Nikith Job Sudeep (20).
Four youths, including two girls, were crushed to death when the car they were travelling in collided with a truck on Friday.
The accident occurred a little before 4 am near the Kempanahalli Gate on Mysuru Road near Ramanagaram.
The friends were speeding in a Hyundai Verna. The car hit a median and flipped to the other side, smashing into an oncoming container truck.
Reckless driving caused the accident, police said.
Joel Jacob (21) was driving the car. Nikith Job Sudeep (20), Jeena Eldo (21) and Rebecca (21) were out with him on a late night drive from Mysuru to Bengaluru.
The bodies were moved to the morgue at Rajarajeshwari Hospital on Mysuru Road.
All four died instantaneously inside the car.
The impact of the collision was such that the front of the car was completely ripped away.
Police and volunteers struggled to extricate the bodies from the car.
Jacob was doing his MBBS at the Rajarajeshwari Medical College in Kengeri and Sudeep was studying chartered accountancy after his BCom, police said.
Jeenaand Rebecca had just graduated this year from the Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) near Katpadi in Tamil Nadu.The girls had come from Dubai a couple of days ago to attend their graduation ceremony in VIT on Saturday.
The four, all natives of Kerala, had just met and decided to go on a drive.
The parents of Jacob, Jeenaand Rebecca live in Dubai, and are flying to Bengaluru.Sudeep's parents and some of Jeena's relatives arrived from Chennai to claim the bodies.
Ramanagaram Town traffic police have registered a case.
Todd Bowles explained why he did not take a timeout with just over a minute left in the first half Sunday in Denver, but it probably won't make Jets fans happy.
The situation was this: The Jets stopped the Broncos on third down at the Jets' 35 with about 1:10 left in the half. Denver called on its field-goal unit. Bowles had all three timeouts left. Instead of using one and giving his offense the ball with about a minute left and two timeouts, he allowed the Broncos to run the clock down before the field goal. After Brandon McManus made the 53-yard kick, the Jets got the ball with 32 seconds left. They took a knee.
The Broncos were up 13-0 at the time, and the Jets were receiving the second-half kickoff. Bowles felt with the Jets offense doing nothing, it was not worth taking the risk of going for it at the end of the half.
“At that rate we were playing, we needed to go in and regroup,” Bowles explained.
That is a puzzling way to look at it with that much time left on the clock. It would be understandable if there were only 30 seconds left, but the offense could have possibly gotten into field-goal range in a minute and with two timeouts.
Quarterback Josh McCown had also been dealing with a hip injury he suffered earlier in the quarter. Bowles indicated that played a role in the decision to just take a knee and go to the locker room.
“Josh was pretty banged up right there,” Bowles said. “The best thing we could do getting the ball in the second half was taken a knee and let him heal up and go back out in the second half.”
WR Jeremy Kerley is eligible to return to the Jets this week after serving his four-game PED suspension. But Bowles sounded like the Jets are not sure if they want to welcome Kerley back.
“There are things we've got to discuss that we haven't made decisions on yet,” Bowles said. “I'll let you guys know Wednesday.”
Rookie Chad Hansen has played a lot in Kerley's absence and had some good moments last week against the Chiefs. Bringing Kerley back could stunt Hansen's development.
McCown is one of the eight finalists for the Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award from the NFL. Each team nominated one of its players for the award, which recognizes those who best demonstrate the qualities of on-field sportsmanship. A panel of former players, which includes Jets legend Curtis Martin, selected the eight finalists from the 32 nominees. A vote of current NFL players will determine the winner.
You won't find this popular Valentine's Day bouquet at the florist.
California couples are trading flower stores for marijuana dispensaries this year to buy their significant others weed bouquets, according to KTVU.
Pot shops looking to cash in on the holiday are selling arrangements for stoners that include cannabis, along with more traditional options such as roses and lavender.
And some come with steep price tags, including a $400 bouquet from Lowell Farms, a Los Angeles dispensary, according to Time Out.
Shoppers said the weed bouquets as a more practical alternative to floral arrangements.
“You can't smoke roses,” Nic Lenze, who purchased a bouquet for his girlfriend, told KTVU. “I just thought it was a cool way that you could give flowers but instead of them dying and throwing them away in a week you can get some practical use out of them. You come home from a long day of work and you have a headache, flowers aren't going to help you any.”
The state legalized recreational marijuana in November, but for now only customers with medical marijuana cards can purchase the drug.
The Giants continued to tinker with their roster, signing two players and waiving two others with injuries.
The Giants signed receiver Andrew Turzilli and linebacker Chris Casher and waived/injured receiver Kevin Norwood (hip) and tight end Colin Thompson (appendectomy).
Turzilli is a tall target – 6-foot-4 – who played in three games in 2015 for the Titans, catching two passes for 25 yards. He was undrafted out of Rutgers and spent time on the practice squads of the 49ers and Lions.
Casher, a rookie, was with the Raiders until he was cut on Aug. 4. He played at Florida State and finished up his college career at Faulkner University in Alabama.
HP issued a patch for its Synaptics touchpad driver last month to fix a potential keylogger issue, but it may be more widely problematic than initially expected. The keylogger security researchers identified within the driver may affect hundreds of HP laptops and mobile workstations, including its recent Spectre Pro x360 models.
The fix for this problem was released at the start of November in a dry sounding fashion; the driver update was called the “Synaptics Touchpad Driver Potential, Local Loss of Confidentiality.” Although HP did designate it as something that should be acted on as soon as possible, ZwClose breaks down exactly why this issue is potentially more dangerous than HP makes it sound.
The keylogger in question was discovered hidden within HP's keyboard driver and looked to save scan codes. Although the logging was disabled by default, it could easily be enabled by a user with administrative access. HP's claim is that it was a debug trace that wasn't removed — and now has been by the patch.
In the patch notes, it also goes out of its way to highlight that neither HP itself nor the touchpad developer, Synaptics, had any access to customer information:
“A potential security vulnerability has been identified with certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers that impacts all Synaptics OEM partners,” the update page reads. “A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability. Neither Synaptics nor HP has access to customer data as a result of this issue.”
Such a problem could still be easily exploitable by malware or a nefarious individual with local access to the HP machine. The fact that this news arises at a time when HP stands accused of installing spyware and tracking software on to customers' machines (as per ZeroHedge), is hardly ideal. It's not clear where the tracker came from — be it Windows Update or HP itself — but some users have complained of it having a negative effect on system performance as well.
Although incidents like this don't engender much trust in a company, it is important that you acquire the patched driver either directly from HP's website or through a Windows Update. Considering hundreds of different HP laptops are said to be affected by this bug, it's all the more likely someone would try to exploit it, so update your system as soon as possible.
This isn't the first time HP has had trouble with keyloggers on its platform, though the most recent one was auditory.
LONDON – Low on cash but high on hope, Iran's technology entrepreneurs are learning to live with revived hostility in the United States and growing suspicion – or worse – from hardliners at home.
Their startups and e-commerce apps are flourishing, driven by government infrastructure support and young Iranians educated both in the country and abroad. Some are even drawing foreign investment in a way that Iran's dominant oil industry has yet to achieve since most international sanctions were lifted early last year under a nuclear deal with world powers.
Life remains tough despite the easing of Iran's international isolation. The atmosphere in Washington has soured again, with President Donald Trump signing legislation tightening domestic US sanctions on Iran and threatening to pull out of the nuclear accord.
On top of this, Google and Apple have withdrawn some services temporarily or indefinitely for Iranian users in recent months for reasons including the US sanctions.
Still, the absence of US giants such as Amazon and Uber has allowed their Iranian equivalents Digikala and Snapp to grow rapidly. Many other local internet firms are following suit.
Ramin Rabii, chief executive of Turquoise Partners, which facilitates foreign investment in Iran, said Trump's rhetoric could paradoxically help the tech sector.
“If he keeps talking about sanctions, that would increase the risk of investment in Iran, but at the same time it will keep a lot of competition out,” he told Reuters in a telephone interview from Tehran. “Major global players are not here.”
No figures are available on foreign investment in Iranian tech firms. Rabii, however, estimated it at hundreds of millions of dollars since the nuclear deal came into force.
By contrast, an expected rush into Iran's huge energy reserves has yet to materialize. French group Total is investing in a gas project but Tehran has yet to seal any major oil deals with international partners.
Foreign investment in Iranian tech remains modest compared with regional mega-deals such as Amazon's purchase in March of Dubai-based retailer souq.com. Amazon did not reveal the price but beat off a rival offer worth $800 million.
Still, Rabii sees a bright future. “Many foreign investors ask me what is the best performing sector in Iran for the next decade. I always name e-commerce and the tech sector,” he said.
Local Incarnations
After the relative isolation of the international sanctions era, the tech sector has attracted many young Iranians back from the United States, Canada and Europe. They hope to marry their experience of the startup scene with locally-educated talent.
Reza Arbabian left Canada, where he went as a teenager, to join his family textile business in Iran. But in 2012 he launched Sheypoor, the Iranian answer to Craigslist, a US classified advertisements website.
Sheypoor now employs 200 and recently marked its fifth anniversary. Cash, however, remains tight.
“Many foreign companies are still hesitant and Iranian investors don't understand the value in e-commerce. They cannot accept that they need to wait for five years for a startup to make profits,” said Arbabian.
Some outside Iran, especially in Europe where the sanctions net is not quite so tight, are nevertheless willing to take the plunge. Swedish-based Pomegranate Investment, for instance, has taken a 43 percent stake in Sheypoor.
On a larger scale, Sarava, Digikala's main shareholder, is 45 percent-owned by foreign investors. These include Pomegranate, which raised its stake to 15 percent with a 41 million euro ($48 million) investment in 2016.
Following the Amazon model, Digikala has grown into Iran's biggest internet company with a market share of 85-90 percent, according to Pomegranate. Staff numbers have leapt in the past two years from 800 to more than 2,000.
Infrastructure
Iran came late to mass internet access but has invested heavily under President Hassan Rouhani, hoping to attract foreign cash and create more jobs.
According to the Measuring Information Society of Iran, a government-linked portal, more than 62 percent of households were connected to the internet by March 2017. This was up from only 21 percent in 2013, the year Rouhani took office.
Smartphone ownership has also rocketed. Iran, a country of 80 million people, had only two million smartphone users three years ago but the number hit 40 million in 2016.
Such developments encouraged Kamran Adle, an Iranian born and raised in London, to move to Tehran last year.
“Iranian infrastructure has dramatically improved in recent of years. 3G and 4G is much more commonplace than it was a couple of years ago,” said Adle, whose firm Ctrl+Tech invests in early stage startups and helps them to develop apps.
Some Iranian apps are copies of foreign equivalents, made out of the reach of international lawyers. But the years of isolation also forced domestic talent to be more innovative and Adle says there is no shortage of app developers.
One such is Farshad Khodamoradi, who has designed the app for a job-hunting startup being launched this month. Unlike traditional sites, “3sootjobs” will use an algorithm-driven matching system to connect candidates with the right employers.
Khodamoradi complains about difficulties in accessing foreign tech services, many of which are US-based. “The main problem is that the global services Iranian startups are using can be cut off overnight,” he told Reuters from Tehran.
He cited Google's Firebase, a platform used to generate push notifications – such as messages to passengers that a taxi has arrived to pick them up – without their having to open the app.
This was unavailable in Iran on a number of occasions in June and July, disrupting startups including taxi-hailing apps, he said. Google did not respond to Reuters requests for comment.
Although technology firms can gain exemptions from the sanctions, US corporations appear unwilling to risk involvement in Iran. In August, Telecommunications Minister Mohammad Javad Azari Jahromi threatened to take legal action over Apple's removal of Iranian apps from its app stores. Apple did not respond to Reuters requests for comment.
Message from Obama
All this seems in contrast to US promises after the nuclear deal. In March 2016, in a message to the Iranian people, then President Barack Obama said ending international sanctions “would mean more access to cutting-edge technologies, including information technologies that can help Iranian startups.”
Since that message, anti-US Iranian hardliners have followed the growth of startups suspiciously, branding them as vehicles of enemy infiltration. Two foreign-based tech investors have also ended up in prison.
Nizar Zakka, a Lebanese information technology expert with permanent US residency, was jailed in 2016 for 10 years for collaborating against the state. He had attended a conference in Tehran the previous year at the invitation of one of Iran's vice presidents, only to be arrested by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps as he was going to the airport to leave the country.
Iranian-American businessman Siamak Namazi also got 10 years in 2016 on charges of cooperating with the United States. While under arrest, Namazi appeared in an Iranian documentary seen by Reuters in which he said his mistake had been to accept money for his startup from an organization linked to the US Chamber of Commerce.
The Revolutionary Guards, a military force that runs an industrial empire, largely control telecommunications in Iran.
However, tech entrepreneurs say the environment is generally supportive. “We haven't come across any of those governmental push-backs,” Adle said.
In the longer term, the sanctions would make using the souq.com model to cash in on Iranian investments much harder.
But Eddie Kerman, of London-based Indigo Holdings which links retail investors to Iranian tech firms, is optimistic.
“American companies like Amazon might not be able to enter the Iranian market, but there is a significant possibility that European or Asian companies buy the larger Iranian players,” he said.
OPOTIKI College hosted a NCEA showcase night for students and parents last Thursday.
The evening gave students a chance to show off their talents, and for the school to show what its senior classes had been doing during the year.
It included performances, speeches and slideshows for parents and year 11 students to show where NCEA could lead to.
“It's our responsibility each year to educate new NCEA students and parents on what the college offers,” said assistant principal of curriculum Jenny Mays.
The night started with a Kura Ki Uta performance, and was followed by a speech from head girl Ngarangikamaea Stewart.
Ms Mays said it was “a very powerful speech”, focused around themes of cultural identity and enabling Maori.
The performances ended with a group of students and a teacher presenting a musical number, both vocals and instruments, and was followed with a compilation of the college's outdoor education activities.
Students' artwork and achievements were on display throughout the school hall, including a picnic table built by year 13 students.
“We had a whole range of everything there,” said Ms Mays.
Both head boy Kris Apiti and girl Ngarangikamaea gave speeches on the positives around the college, and were followed by a presentation from Ms Mays.
In the presentation, she revealed the college – a decile two school – was beating the national NCEA average pass rates for school's deciles one through three.
“These are our best results in three years.”
While Ms Mays said the event was a success, she would have liked more parents to attend and support their children.
“Where else are parents going to be able to hear about what we're doing? Or that we're beating the national averages?” she said.
“The students were all really buzzing about [the evening]. If parents don't come, it makes me wonder how that effects them.”
Ms Mays said parents would have a chance to come along again next year, as these large-scale showcases would be an annual event.
“We're going to keep doing them, bigger and better every year.”
1 of 2
james.sandbrook@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
Ahmad Alkhalaf and his father have been living in the United States among a rotating group of Muslim families since their arrival in June 2015 on a medical visa for Ahmad. The 11-year-old's arms were blowed off in a refugee camp bomb blast that also killed three of his siblings in Syria. Dirgam Alkhalaf has applied for asylum and hopes to petition for the rest of the family if he and Ahmad are permitted to stay.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
One of the two suspects being sought for the bombing of an Indian restaurant in a Toronto suburb that injured 15 people last week may be a woman, Canadian police said Tuesday.
The revelation came as investigators continued to be stymied in their search for a motive for Thursday's bombing of the Bombay Bhel restaurant in Mississauga, Ontario.
“I don't want to say that it is a woman,” Peel Regional Police Superintendent Robert Ryan said. “We are saying it may be a woman.”
Investigators decided that one of the suspects might not be a man — as they first believed — after reviewing video footage of the pair running eastbound after the blast and after interviewing the 30 people who were in the restaurant at the time, Ryan said.
A still from CCTV footage shows the suspects of the explosion at Bombay Bhel restaurant in Mississauga, Ontario, on Thursday. Peel Regional Paramedic Services via Reuters file
“The suspects went to great length to hide their identities,” he said, noting that both had their faces covered.
Ryan also confirmed that the explosive device they used was homemade.
“Whatever was put in that may be lying around the home,” he said. “We're hoping science can help identify what it's made of.”
Asked why police were so quick to dismiss the possibility that this bombing was an act of terrorism, Ryan said they saw nothing online “to suggest this was terrorism or a hate crime.”
“We do not have a clear motive and no one has claimed responsibility,” he said.
Police forensic investigators collect evidence at the restaurant on Friday. Mark Blinch / Reuters file
Ryan added that the owners of the restaurant are cooperating with investigators, who have finished processing the crime scene and collecting fingerprints and DNA samples.
Two birthday parties were underway at the restaurant and several children under 10 were inside when the bomb went off around 10:30 p.m. ET, police said.
None of the children were injured and all the victims, including the three originally listed as critical, were released Friday.
In the aftermath, police described one of the suspects as a man in his mid-20s, 5 foot 10 to 6 feet tall with a stocky build and light skin, and the other as a man, 5 foot 9 to 5 foot 10, with fair skin and a thin build.
The restaurant bombing happened about a month after a frustrated male motorist who reportedly had a grudge against women plowed a rented van into a lunch-hour crowd in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15.
Bleak, funny 'Three Billboards' unearths a small town's dark side This rural drama is the best yet from playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh (“In Bruges,” “Seven Psychopaths”), and one of Frances McDormand's greatest performances. As the tough-as-nails Mildred Hayes, whose...
Thoughtful ‘RoboCop' surpasses original The 1987 “RoboCop” was a good movie, if you like bad movies. And who doesn't? The remake is something quite different: thoughtful, grounded, more interested in questions of free will and...
Abbie Cornish is getting headliner treatment She usually sleeps with her phone on silent. But six months ago, Abbie Cornish was awakened by her aggressively vibrating phone. “I thought, ‘Why is my phone blowing up?''' she...
Hunky prospectors scale the Canadian Rockies in 'Klondike' What would you do for a Klondike bar? What would you do for a “Klondike” miniseries? Actors, directors, crew — and even the lowly paid extras — found out the...
“Many of us have come to think that silence will be considered complicity. Or that fans might think we are ok if the standards of election to the Hall of...
By Ben Deatherage
Polson, Montana- After a month off the NSRA Winged Sprintcars are excited to get back to racing. For the first time in over a decade the tour will visit Mission Valley Speedway on Saturday, July 7th. There will be a practice schedule on Friday night from 4:00 PM to Dusk.
“Everyone has worked very hard to make this event possible and we're happy to bring back the series,” commented Mission Valley Speedway Operational Manager/Promoter, Craig Draper, and has helmed the facility since 2015, “other tracks steer away from big shows because they're scared of them but bringing the Sprint Cars back is a big step in the right direction for us at Mission Valley Speedway. I'm driven by racing and I'm not in it to make money and I do it for the love of it.”
Saturday the Pit Gate opens at 2:00 PM, Qualifying around 6:00, and Racing kicks off at 7:00. Tickets are $15.00 for Adults, $10.00 for Juniors (8-17)/Seniors, Children (7 & Under) FREE. Camping is also complimentary with hookups available. For more information log on to www.missionvalleyspeedway.com .
“I think the people over there are excited in having us over there and it's a great place to race,” stated longtime NSRA competitor Randy DuBois.
Former NSRA winners at Mission Valley include Craig Deaver (2000), Rick Brown (2001), Mike Basher (2002), Mike Sullivan (2003), and Randy Bauer (2004). Trevor Montgomery is the current track record holder at a 12.300 around the 3/8-mile oval.
So far in 2018 the NSRA Sprintcars have raced three times and have produced three different winners. Matt Hein, Kyle Alberding, and Andy Alberding are so far the only winners on the current campaign. Matt Hein has the current point lead headed into the weekend.
Be sure and stay up to date with the NSRA Sprint Series by visiting the series website at www.nsraracing.com. Also, check out the official Facebook page and click “Like” to follow the tour via your favorite electronic devices.
4.
Security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at protesters, some of them waving Palestinian flags, near the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. Demonstrators set fires in the street, torched U.S. and Israeli flags and threw projectiles toward security forces who had barricaded the main road to the complex.
Wael Hamzeh / EPA
When you look up at the night sky all you see is stars and maybe a distant planet or two, but there's actually a whole lot of garbage floating around in Earth's orbit. The space around our planet is filled with satellites — both functional and long dead — and many of the defunct pieces of hardware have collided with one another, creating even more individual pieces of harmful debris. Now, the problem has gotten so bad that the International Space Station has been forced to install a sensor to detect when it gets hit with bits and pieces of artificial space junk.
The new sensor, which is called simply the Space Debris Sensor (or SDS for short,) is designed to monitor any impacts caused by the smaller, untraceable bits of space junk that are simply too tiny for NASA to monitor. The SDS is firmly mounted on the exterior of the International Space Station, where it will remain for up to three years, giving scientists an idea of just how much garbage is colliding with the orbiting laboratory on a regular basis.
“The front layer of the Space Debris Sensor is a thin film of Kapton with acoustic sensors and a grid of resistive wires,” NASA explains. “These acoustic sensors measure the time and location of a penetrating impact, while a change in resistance on the grid when lines are broken provide a size estimate of the hole.”
To get an even better idea of the potential damage effects of the debris on orbiting spacecraft, the sensor can also measure the velocity with which it struck the sensor. “Located 15 cm behind the first layer is a second thin layer of Kapton with acoustic sensors to measure the time and location of the second penetration,” says NASA. “Velocity is determined by dividing the distance traveled between the first and second impact points by the time it took to travel that distance. An instrumented back layer stops the debris and measures the amount of energy in the collision.”
Efforts to clean up man-made space debris have been suggested and even tested, but often fall well short of their stated goals. The Japanese space agency, JAXA, famously sent a garbage-collecting tether into space in the hopes of dragging some larger chunks of space junk into Earth's atmosphere, where they would be destroyed. Unfortunately, the tether failed and the entire operation was deemed a failure.
Your ride home may have just gotten a bit safer.
Ride-hailing service Uber has introduced a new “911 button” on its app to allow riders to easily call for help in emergencies. The addition was first announced in April and went live on Tuesday across the U.S. Users can now find the emergency button by swiping up on the center icon and tapping “911 assistance.” After confirming the call, they will be patched through to emergency dispatchers.
“Every second counts in an emergency,” Sachin Kansal, Uber's director of safety products told MarketWatch in a statement. “We want to make sure our users get help quickly with accurate information if faced with an emergency situation.”
In some test locations the panic button will share user location directly with 911 operators, including Denver, Colorado; Charleston, South Carolina; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Naples, Florida; and Louisville, Kentucky. Uber hopes to soon make it available everywhere, Kansal said.
The vast majority of emergencies in Uber rides are related to road accidents, a spokeswoman told MarketWatch. But the new panic button could also be used in cases of sexual assault perpetrated by drivers, an issue that has been brought to light by a number of high-profile cases.
A CNN investigation released last April found at least 103 Uber drivers have been accused of sexual assault in the past four years.
“Sexual assault is a horrible crime that has no place anywhere,” an Uber spokesperson told CNN after that report was released. “While Uber is not immune to this societal issue, we want to be part of the solution to end this violence forever.”
In a statement to MarketWatch, a spokeswoman for Uber said it has “strengthened driver screenings by committing to proactively re-run criminal background and motor vehicle checks each year.” It cited a statement released in May 2018.
Actress Pamela Anderson previously released a series of public service announcements in partnership with organizations PAVE, a nonprofit fighting violence against women, and Ride Responsibly, an initiative by the National Limousine Association, which clearly has a vested interest against other ride-sharing apps, calling on ride-hailing apps like Uber and Lyft to strengthen background checks on drivers.
And a lawsuit filed last November by two unnamed women claimed Uber systematically created an unsafe environment for female passengers. The lawsuit sought class-action status on behalf of all U.S. passengers who were “subject to rape, sexual assault or gender-motivated violence or harassment by their Uber driver in the last four years.”
In May, Uber ended mandatory arbitration policies for claims of sexual harassment and assault. Riders who alleged that they were sexually assaulted by their drivers no longer had to agree to confidentiality as a condition of their settlement. Lyft, an Uber competitor, announced similar changes.
Following the new policies, the company said survivors can seek justice however they choose — except by banding together in a class-action lawsuit.
But Jeanne Christensen, attorney at Wigdor LLP, the New York-based law firm behind the class-action lawsuit issued in 2017, told CNN, “That's for the court to decide — not Uber.”
In an April blog post, Uber's chief executive officer Dara Khosrowshahi said the company is “getting serious” about safety. “Technology can make travel safer than ever before,” he said. “And while there's been a lot of progress, we're committed to doing more.”
Weirdest NFL Combine questions: ISIS knowledge, God's fandom The Browns' unconventional ways even translated into the NFL Combine interview room. Alabama running back Bo Scarbrough shared the strangest question he's been asked by an NFL team at the...
Alabama star: No, that wasn't 'F--k Trump' Bo Scarbrough would like everyone to listen again to his curse. The Alabama running back was identified as screaming, “F–k Trump” before walking onto the field for Monday night's national...
The only thing that could stop Alabama's star running back TAMPA, Fla. — Alabama's Bo Scarbrough buried Washington nine days ago. A right leg injury prevented the bruising running back from doing the same to Clemson. The sophomore was the...
Breaking down Alabama-Clemson reveals scoreboard danger Breaking down Alabama vs. Clemson: When Alabama has the ball It isn't a secret what Clemson plans to do. The Tigers leave their cornerbacks mostly unprotected, looking to stop the...
The slow, loud emergence of Alabama's next fearsome RB ATLANTA — It's great to have a great quarterback, but Nick Saban doesn't need one. The coach has won five national championships with four different starting quarterbacks — Matt Mauck...
By Jeffrey Muvundusi
Police Commissioner-General Godwin Matanga, yesterday spoke for the first time on the latest in a series of attempts on President Emmerson Mnangagwa's life, declaring that the Zimbabwe Republic Police (ZRP) will leave no stone unturned as it hunts down those responsible for the bomb explosion at White City Stadium.
In his address at the Police Provincial Headquarters at Ross Camp, the top cop said the law enforcement agents were out in full force to ensure the suspects are brought to book.
“To the perpetrators of this callous incident, I say be warned that we will certainly sniff you out from wherever you are hiding and you shall face the full wrath of the law,” he thundered.
“To the rest of the public, I want to say that, as I speak, we have taken steps to heighten the level of our vigilance as well as enforcement agents to ensure your safety and security,” added Matanga.
His remarks come after Mnangagwa escaped unhurt when an explosive device was detonated as he, along with other VIPs, were leaving the podium at a Zanu PF star rally held in the city on June 23.
The 75-year-old Zanu PF strongman had just finished his address to thousands of party supporters who had packed the venue of his penultimate humiliation last year by former president Robert Mugabe and his then influential wife, Grace.
The explosive device, suspected to be a hand grenade — went off moments after Mnangagwa had just stepped off the stage — seriously injuring one of his deputies, Kembo Mohadi, senior Cabinet minister Oppah Muchinguri-Kashiri, and a horde of other people.
Mohadi and Muchinguri-Kashiri were later airlifted to South Africa for specialist treatment.
Two security aides have since died from injuries sustained from the attack, which Mnangagwa has since blamed on the vanquished Generation 40 faction — which was involved in a war of attrition with him in the ruling party's deadly succession and tribal wars.
Yesterday, Matanga said despite the commendable efforts the ZRP was putting to ensure peace, their spirits have been dampened by the “nefarious and horrendous act”.
He described the attack as an assassination attempt on Mnangagwa and other dignitaries.
“I therefore would like to take this opportunity to re-assure the nation and its entire citizenry that we are fully investigating this dastardly and wicked act, which has already (and) unnecessarily claimed two lives,” he said, while assuring the nation that the police will not rest in their quest to nab the suspects.
“As the ZRP, we will never rest until those behind this heinous act have been accounted for and have had their day in court. We will do whatever it takes within the confines of the law to ensure that this objective is met. At the least of overemphasising, I wish to reiterate that no stone will be left unturned,” he added.
Matanga added: “To this end, I would like to applaud the level of cooperation and support that the joint investigation team has so far received, culminating in the two suspects being accounted for.
“We really appreciate these collaborative efforts and continue to appeal for more information which can enable us to bring to book whoever had a hand in this nefarious act beyond the two suspects we have now,” he said.
Two suspects were picked up last Friday as the security agents intensified their search for leads into what has been widely viewed as an assassination attempt on the life of the president.
The suspects, Douglas Musekiwa and John Zulu, whose ages were not given, appeared at Western Commonage Magistrate Courts in camera on Saturday where the police successfully applied for a warrant of further detention.
Since then, the whereabouts of the two have remained unknown amid speculation that the suspects were released from custody.
Not even the police chief could confirm the rumours as he refused to take questions from journalists who had gathered at Ross Camp. DailyNews
One recent rainy evening, the Rev. Al Sharpton, in a slim-cut, pinstriped gray suit, knifed through a sea of 1-percenters 41 floors above Midtown.
Through windows framed by blue velvet curtains, giant towers played peek-a-boo through the March mist. Around the mahogany-paneled rooms, rich guys mostly in jeans and a few long-legged women were lost in cigar smoke, which suffused the Grand Havana Room like an alien atmosphere.
The private stogie club atop 666 Fifth Ave. has been one of Manhattan's most privileged aeries for 20 years. Its denizens are mostly Hollywood and Wall Street movers and shakers who pay $7,500 to join plus $325 more per month.
It's a puzzle how often-broke Sharpton can afford a place described as “an Olympian den for what Tom Wolfe called ‘Masters of the Universe.' ”
Odder still is that a rollicking refuge for 900-odd cigar lovers — boasting a screening room, private game rooms and 500 humidors — should exist at all on the penthouse floor of a Midtown office skyscraper.
But smoke and a scandalous history have long shared satanically addressed, money-hemorrhaging 666 Fifth Ave.
The building's owner, Kushner Companies, was until a few months ago headed by the family of President Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, now his top adviser. To bail itself out of the jam at deep-in-the-red 666, the Kushner company needs a partner to kick in $2 billion and add about 40 floors, turning it into a 1,400-foot-tall cloudbuster designed by the late architect Zaha Hadid.
After proudly rising amidst the 20th-century Manhattan skyline, and changing hands three times, 666 Fifth Ave. has become a devil's bargain for Kushner.
In the late 1950s, Tishman Realty and Construction wanted its new 666 Fifth Ave. to stand out from the herd of flat-topped new skyscrapers. It dressed the facade up in aluminum panels — a result “more dull than glittery,” architectural historian Carter B. Horsley wrote.
The office floors filled up. Alitalia's elegant ticket office and showroom came to epitomize the era of glamorous air travel.
But what really put 666 Fifth on the map was Top of the Sixes, a 41st-floor restaurant with fabulous views. It featured “Cocktails in the Clouds” for a then-pricey $1.25 and food of which one critic snarked, “Beef stroganoff was a Swiss steak on noodles reminiscent of a hundred airline meals.” In his 2007 memoir, “The Wolf of Wall Street,” Jordan Belfort recalled lunching at Top of the Sixes with a pal from LF Rothschild, downstairs. “It was where Masters of the Universe could get blitzed on martinis and exchange war stories,” Belfort wrote, as depicted in the 2013 movie.
Tishman Realty sold the tower to Japan's Sumitomo for $500 million in 1987. The new landlord installed the Grand Havana Room after Top of the Sixes couldn't afford a new lease. The club was born one day in the 1990s, when investor Stan Shuster was having lunch with Arnold Schwarzenegger in Los Angeles. As they puffed away outdoors, a woman nearby growled, “Stop smoking cigars,” Shuster told the online magazine Cigars Connect. He vowed to launch places where smokers would feel happy.
The cooing-couples scene at the top of 666 gave way to bicoastal, boldface intrigue. At a 1997 pre-opening bash, the Times caught “Tom Selleck sharing a smoke with Gregory Hines, Laurence Fishburne puffing away with Stephen Baldwin, and Carol Alt lighting an Arturo Fuente for Jennifer Tilly.” In later years, Sharpton would head for a leather armchair in a secluded corner and schmooze with Michael Jordan, Jay-Z and city power players like Rudy Giuliani and John Catsimatidis.
Sumitomo unloaded 666 Fifth in 1998 at a loss to Tishman Speyer — a different company than the original owner — for $518 million, less than what it had spent to buy and upgrade the building. Tishman Speyer in turn put it on the block in the early '00s and made a fortune. The top bidder was Kushner Companies, a firm founded by Charles Kushner, Jared's father. It had holdings around the US but not a Manhattan “trophy.” The company's quest for such a property was clouded by one of the more lurid scandals in real-estate annals.
Charles Kushner learned that his sister Esther's husband, William Schulder, was cooperating with feds who were investigating him for illegal campaign contributions and tax evasion. For revenge, Charles hired a hooker to seduce Schulder, videotape their sex romp and send the tape to Esther.
The scheme, as described in a July 2004 indictment of Charles Kushner, “read like pulp fiction,” The Post reported. Charles paid the “very attractive, high-end call girl for an elite escort service” $10,000 to lure Schulder to a Bridgewater, NJ, motel after she pretended to need a ride when her car broke down.
Esther turned the tape over to the feds. In a letter to his sister that was among 165 submitted to a judge requesting leniency for his crimes, Charles begged, “I only ask that you forgive me for resorting to such despicable behavior . . . I was wrong and I committed a terrible sin.”
He pleaded guilty in 2005 to making illegal campaign contributions, tax evasion and witness tampering. He served 14 months of a two-year sentence in a federal prison. Before he was released in August 2006, he turned his company's operations over to Jared, then all of 25.
With Jared at the helm, Kushner Companies paid Tishman Speyer a staggering $1.8 billion, using mostly borrowed money, for 666 Fifth. It was nearly twice as much on a per-square-foot basis as any previous Manhattan building sale. The deal closed on Jared's birthday, Jan. 10, 2007.
Kushner's “trophy” couldn't take in enough rent to cover the debt. By 2009 it was making just 69 cents on rent for every $1 it owed. It's deeper underwater today, even though Kushner earlier sold its precious store space for $525 million to a partnership in 2008 and a 49 percent stake in the office portion to Vornado in 2011. Thirty percent of its aging offices are vacant, partly because Kushner has kept them off the market to prepare for redevelopment. A $1.2 billion mortgage is due in two years.
Smoke and a scandalous history have long shared satanically addressed, money-hemorrhaging 666 Fifth Ave.
Rather than simply modernize the tower as many landlords have done, Jared dreamed up the idea to replace 666 Fifth with a super-tall skyscraper containing luxury condos, a hotel and a shopping atrium. It would even get a new address — 660 Fifth. It would need a staggering investment by new partners: $2.5 billion up front, plus an unheard-of $4.1 billion construction loan. A partner would have to buy out Vornado, the stores and the Grand Havana Room.
Jared sold his shares in 666 Fifth to a family trust earlier this year. It was to avoid conflict-of-interest issues over his White House role. He now has “no role” in the company, his rep says.
Before he left, Jared seemed to have found a savior in the Chinese company Anbang. But talks ended and Kushner Companies is back on the prowl. Leading the hunt is none other than Charles Kushner, who, despite having no title at the company, is “involved in discussions with potential partners,” the rep said.
The plot's even thicker. Vornado chief Steven Roth, too, has a connection to old friend Donald Trump. Vornado is the Trump Organization's partner in the office building 1290 Sixth Ave.
Maybe Roth will sell his share of 666 Fifth to Kushner, as he has hinted he might do. But it sounds like he and the Kushners have a lot of talking to do before they break out the stogies.
OAKLAND – The's never-ending series of bad news on injuries from 2016 seems to have carried over into April of 2017 with the news that Marcus Semien will have surgery on his right wrist Tuesday, putting the shortstop out of action probably until June.
Related Articles Oakland A's Kendall Graveman to DL, Bruce Maxwell up from Nashville
A's-Astros Sunday game postponed
Marcus Semien placed on 10-day disabled list; Chad Pinder recalled
A's bullpen falters in 10-6 loss to Houston Astros
A's call up Jaff Decker from Triple-A; Marcus Semien out with wrist injury The's put Semien on the disabled list Sunday, then came back Monday with the news that opening day starting pitcher Kendall Graveman was heading to the disabled list with right shoulder stiffness.
Graveman, manager Bob Melvin and GM David Forst are among those who believe the right-handed starter will miss just one start. Not so for Semien, who led the A's in games played last year with 159.
“It creates a hole,” Forst said. “He's the one guy out there we count on for close to 160 days. So it's not easy. The wrist has been bothering him for a while, back into spring training. It got to the point where he couldn't play through it, and when you say that with a guy like Marcus, you know it's significant because he plays through a lot.”
#Athletics GM David Forst on why no Franklin Barreto promotion with the loss of SS Marcus Semien, likely out until June (wrist surgery) pic.twitter.com/jg2qTHL90N — John Hickey (@JHickey3) April 17, 2017
The's could have used this as a chance to promote one of their highly touted prospects, shortstop/second baseman Franklin Barreto, but for the moment at least, Adam Rosales goes from backup infielder to starting shortstop and Chad Pinder, called up Saturday when Semien landed on the DL, will be the backup.
Forst said Barreto has “all of 59 at-bats at Triple-A” and needs time to develop, time the A's think will be more valuable in the long run, as will the A's practice of having the 21-year-old continue to play both second base and shortstop.
“When the time is right, we'll consider it,” Forst said of a Barreto promotion. “That time is not now.”
Graveman, the only A's starter not to land on the disabled list last year, is there now after having been lifted from his third start Friday after pitching just five innings. He said his shoulder continued to bother him.
Catcher Bruce Maxwell, who was up with the A's off and on in 2016, was brought up from Triple-A Nashville to take Graveman's roster spot, giving the A's a four-man bench for the first time this season.
Given the A's have a day off Monday, it's possible the right-handed Graveman will miss just one start if he's able to recover after just the 10 days. This is his second career visit to the disabled list, having missed a month at the end of the 2015 season with an oblique strain.
“I think that's the plan,” Graveman said. “I'm still throwing, playing catch, and it feels better every day.”
Maxwell, who has been given high marks for the way he calls games and frames pitches, made an impressive debut with the A's last year, hitting .283 with one homer and 14 RBI in 33 games. The left-hander was off to a slow start with Nashville, however, with a .208 average and one RBI in seven games.
“I was coaching first base last night when I got the word,” Maxwell said. “Last year when I came up I was nervous. Now I know these guys and I know my job is to help us win tonight.”
Pop star Taylor Swift has won a sexual assault case against ex-radio DJ David Mueller, who she said had groped her at a 2013 concert.
He assaulted her by grabbing her bottom beneath her skirt during a photo shoot, a jury in Denver, Colorado, found.
She was awarded a symbolic $1 (77p) in damages that she had sought.
Mr Mueller had originally tried to sue the pop star, saying that her claims had cost him his job. But that lawsuit was thrown out by a judge last week.
A MAN who was arrested as he disembarked from a flight at Shannon Airport was granted bail despite a strong garda objection.
Niall Murphy, aged 24, who has an address at Elm Wood, Meelick has been charged in connection with a violent incident outside a nightclub in the city centre more than two years ago.
The defendant is accused of causing serious harm to two men and with assaulting a third during an incident near the entrance to Crush 87 in the early hours of September 8, 2014.
At Limerick District Court before Christmas, Detective Garda Barry O'Grady said the defendant was arrested after a flight from the UK landed at Shannon.
Murphy was brought to Henry Street garda station following his arrest where he was subsequently charged on foot of directions from the DPP.
Sergeant John Moloney said the matter is to proceed on indictment and Judge Marian O'Leary was told bail was being opposed.
Det Garda O'Grady told the court it will be alleged the three victims sustained “very serious injuries” when attacked by Mr Murphy and another man.
One man, he said, received 22 stitches across his forehead another sustained a 15cm laceration across his neck while the third required more than a dozen stitches in his cheek, mouth and head.
The detective said it will be alleged the defendant was identified by witnesses and that he can be seen on CCTV “appearing to describe what he had done” a short time later.
This was disputed by solicitor John Herbert who said his client denies any involvement in the incident.
“He could be describing what he saw somebody else doing,” he said.
While Detective Garda O'Grady accepted that Mr Murphy had not been charged and was not subject to bail conditions when he travelled to the UK in September 2015 he said he believed he knew the charges were coming.
”My belief is that he left the jurisdiction in anticipation of these charges,” he said.
Mr Herbert said his client had travelled back from the UK of his own volition and was not aware that a European Arrest Warrant was issued a number of months ago.
“He is going to stay here to deal with this,” he said assuring the court his client would comply with any and all bail conditions.
The matter has been adjourned to the new year to facilitate the preparation of a book of evidence.
Posted by meemaw on Feb 4, 2018 2:33 AM EDT
http://pclosmag.com Mail this story
Print this story
The PCLinuxOS Magazine staff is pleased to announce the release of the February 2018 issue. With the exception of a brief period in 2009, The PCLinuxOS Magazine has been published on a monthly basis since September, 2006. The PCLinuxOS Magazine is a product of the PCLinuxOS community, published by volunteers from the community. The magazine is lead by Paul Arnote, Chief Editor, and Assistant Editor Meemaw. The PCLinuxOS Magazine is released under the Creative Commons Attribution- NonCommercial-Share-Alike 3.0 Unported license, and some rights are reserved. All articles may be freely reproduced via any and all means following first publication by The PCLinuxOS Magazine, provided that attribution to both The PCLinuxOS Magazine and the original author are maintained, and a link is provided to the originally published article.
In the February 2018 issue:
* ms_meme's Nook: If I Could Talk To Texstar
* Tip Top Tips: Qt5 Settings In Trinity
* Inkscape Tutorial: Create A Rose
* PCLinuxOS Family Member Spotlight: timj_bsgcgoty2003
* Two Ways To Protect Your Files
* PCLinuxOS Recipe Corner
* DigiKam: The Other GIMP For Photographers
* LibreOffice Calc Hacks
* And much more inside!
This month's magazine cover image was designed by parnote and Meemaw.
Download the PDF (8.0 MB)
https://pclosmag.com/download.php?f=2018-02.pdf
Download the EPUB Version ( MB)
https://pclosmag.com/download.php?f=201802epub.epub
Download the MOBI Version ( MB)
https://pclosmag.com/download.php?f=201802mobi.mobi
Visit the HTML Version
https://pclosmag.com/html/enter.html
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Australian Health Minister Greg Hunt has apologised for using "strong language"
An Australian government minister has apologised for swearing repeatedly at the mayor of a Northern Territory town.
Health Minister Greg Hunt said he was wrong to use "strong language" during a private conversation with Katherine Mayor Fay Miller in December.
Ms Miller also accused him of wagging his finger in her face. She called his manner "misogynist", an assertion to which Mr Hunt has not responded.
The pair had been discussing funding arrangements for a local health scare.
During the conversation, Ms Miller said Mr Hunt's tone changed after she had asked him for more federal resources.
"I turned on a switch of some sort because he relocated his chair, pointing towards me," she told reporters on Thursday. She said Mr Hunt then swore at her and told her to "get over it".
"And then [he said] more sentences with rude words in them. I did not move because I was absolutely gobsmacked."
She added that the minister "sat back a little in his chair and said, 'I've heard you're feisty'."
Mr Hunt, sometimes discussed as a future leadership aspirant, said he "sincerely" regretted his language.
He said his apology should have come sooner.
"It was my fault and my responsibility," Mr Hunt told reporters on Thursday.
"I accept that and I think it is important for me to both repeat that I have apologised to the mayor but to repeat that apology publicly."
His apology came before Ms Miller accused him of misogyny.
'Misogyny' and Australian politics
In 2012, then Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard famously accused her opposition counterpart, Tony Abbott, of misogyny in a speech in parliament.
It prompted the nation's leading dictionary to update its definition of the word from "hatred of women" to ''entrenched prejudice against women''.
"We decided that we had the basic definition, hatred of women, but that's not how misogyny has been used for about the last 20, 30 years, particularly in feminist language," Macquarie Dictionary editor Sue Butler said at the time.
The topic of the conversation between Mr Hunt and Ms Miller had been a recent leak of chemicals at an army base near Katherine.
The contamination, caused by toxic firefighting foam, sparked fears that water supplies in the town of about 11,000 people may have been compromised.
The Australian government set aside A$5.7m (£3.2m; $4.3m) in December for a community support package.
Have your say
John Brogan's near three-year reign as Lanark United manager is over after he resigned this week to take over at Lanarkshire rivals Wishaw Juniors.
Brogan – who first took the Lanark hotseat in September 2014 – oversaw his last game as United gaffer in Saturday's 1-1 Central League Cup draw at local rivals Lesmahagow.
“It's been getting more and more difficult to attract players to Lanark due to the geography,” the 63-year-old told the Carluke and Lanark Gazette.
“A good opportunity has come up at Wishaw and they have a good squad of players.
“Maybe Lanark United can get somebody in to motivate their players better than me.
“I would like to thank Lanark United for everything.
“They are brilliant people.
“I loved my time at the club. They had a fund-raising quiz on Saturday night which I organised personally.”
Brogan expects Lanark to challenge for promotion from Central Division 2 this season, thanks to a squad including fine young talents like Peter O'Donnell and Ben Fraser.
And Brogan, whose distinguished playing career included him becoming St Johnstone's all-time leading goalscorer, is taking over a Wishaw team which plies its trade one league higher than Lanark.
“Hopefully it is a club going places,” he added.
Brogan's Lanark assistant Colin Mitchell is joining him at Wishaw.
And Lanark has put player/coach Paul Burns in interim charge ahead of the start of the new league season this Saturday, which will see the Moor Park club visit Vale of Clyde, kick-off 2pm.
According to the planets there is more to a particular situation than meets the eye, so don't get carried away and start ranting and raving at some perceived injustice, because if you've got the wrong end of the stick it could be embarrassing.
At one time, the Broncos had big hopes for Cody Latimer, making him their 2014 second-round draft pick out of Indiana. Four years and not much impact on the field later, the Giants are taking a chance on him, adding a tall receiver into a room that includes Odell Beckham Jr., Sterling Shepard and, for now, Brandon Marshall.
Latimer, 25, did not contribute much in the way of statistics in his time in Denver, with only 35 career receptions for 445 yards and three touchdowns. He is 6-foot-2 and considered a possession-type receiver. It remains to be seen how his signing Monday affects Marshall, who was limited to five games in 2017, his first season with the Giants, before he was put on injured reserve, needing ankle surgery. Marshall, 33, is due to count $6.1 million against the salary cap, and cutting him would save the Giants $5.1 million on the cap. It is likely the Giants need that money in order to finish up their business in free agency.
Receiver and special teamer Dwayne Harris is also vulnerable, as he also finished up last season on injured reserve and has been wearing down. Harris would count $4 million on the cap, and cutting him would save the Giants $2.45 million on the cap.
Latimer's most productive season was last year, when he caught 19 passes for 287 yards and two touchdowns. He only has started three games in four years.
It turned out to be a busy day for the Giants, who took care of several positions by adding players to fill roles on the depth chart. They re-signed defensive end Kerry Wynn and signed cornerback B.W. Webb. Josh Mauro, a defensive end who played for new Giants defensive coordinator James Bettcher in Arizona, visited the Giants on Monday, and the expectation is he will come to terms on a deal.
Jacksonville Times-Union reporter Tia Mitchell, left, Miami Herald reporter Mary Ellen Klas, center, and Associated Press reporter Gary Fineout, try to listen through the glass partition at the Florida Emergency Operations Center during a briefing of emergency managers the morning after Hurricane Irma made landfall in Florida. Courtesy of Bill Cotterell Facebook
ALEXANDRIA, Va. — One minute it was a sunny morning in Virginia. The next it was a war zone.
It took just seconds for an intruder armed with a high-powered rifle to turn a field where a group of Republican lawmakers had been playing baseball Wednesday morning into a shooting gallery.
"It was a firefight," an eyewitness named Scott told NBC News. "There's no other way to describe it."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Eyewitness: Gunfire Was Exchanged Between Police and Shooter 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Capitol Police officers at the scene quickly returned fire and shot the gunman, but not before a disgruntled Illinois man named James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and several others during the rampage at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria. Scalise was later listed in critical condition after getting out of surgery.
Related: Congressman Steve Scalise, Four Others Shot at Alexandria, Virginia, Baseball Field
When the shooting started, Scalise "was playing second base, fielding balls at the time," Arizona Senator Jeff Flake recalled.
As the GOP players hit the dirt, the wounded Louisiana lawmaker dragged himself some 15 yards into right field, leaving a trail of blood.
"He was lying with most of us out there but we couldn't get to him until the shooting stopped," Flake said.
Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama said batting practice was about to get under way when the gunfire erupted.
"I was on the third base side of home plate getting ready to have batting practice and the first shots were pretty much past the first base dugout, maybe 10 or 15 feet and I hear the big blam and I think it's a car backfiring," Brooks said.
Then, said Brooks, "I see the rifle barrel and a white male taking careful aim at congressmen, staffers, anyone he could get a hold of."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Emotional Rep. Joe Barton Describes Scalise Shooting Scene 2:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Brooks said he and several other congressmen were just 90 feet away from the gunman and they were sitting ducks.
"We ran and jumped into the first base dugout, which is about two feet below ground level because it's got some protection," he said. "The shooter was actually shot behind home plate where all of us, two of three of us on the ground there, would've been the next victims."
Rep. Joe Barton of Texas got choked up as he recalled how he and his sons Jack and Brad, who were with him at the practice, escaped the mayhem.
"My son Jack got under an SUV and he was very brave. My other son Brad was in the batting cage and he was also very brave," he said.
.@RepJoeBarton and his sons board the subway in the Capitol after a shooting at the Republican's baseball practice in Va. #baseballshooting pic.twitter.com/4lrc80frcj — Tom Williams (@pennstatetom) June 14, 2017
Meanwhile, pandemonium reigned.
Noah Nathan was at the dog park near the ball field walking his Goldendoodles Coco and Jazz when he heard what he at first thought were fireworks. Seconds later, he too was down on the ground with his dogs, hiding between two metal trash cans.
"I'm just lying on the ground holding on to my dogs making sure they don't get away,” he said. “I'm sort of thinking, 'I hope I don't get shot,'"
Nathan said when he looked up he saw frightened lawmakers trying to hop the fence as police officers exchanged gunfire with the shooter.
“There were a lot of shots,” said Nathan, who estimated that the gun battle lasted at least five minutes.
Police investigate at the scene. Joshua Roberts / Reuters
At one point, Nathan said, he heard the Capitol police officers telling the gunman to put his weapon down and then heard somebody yelling at the officers to just shoot the suspect. He said he knew who the gunman was shooting at because the GOP congressional baseball team practices at the field “all the time.”
“So we knew they were here and we knew who they were,” Nathan said. “We didn't think some crazy person was going to come shoot them."
Scott, who declined to give his last name because he works in national security, said he and his fiancé Kendra Newman were having coffee at their house across from the park "like any other Wednesday" when they heard the shots. They quickly determined it was not construction sounds and made sure their kids were safe in the basement.
"We come to this park with our kids every weekend,” a horrified Newman said. “We are here at this place all the time."
Leonard Crook was working out at the YMCA across the street from the park when the gunfire started. His first inkling that something was happening came when he “heard this banging on the door.”
"This woman was trying to get in, hysterical," he told NBC News.
The next thing Crook knew, he and everybody else in the gym were rushed “into the basement and everyone stayed there until everything blew over.”
A bullet hole is in the window of a YMCA near the scene of the shooting. Joe Miscavige / via Twitter
"We were locked down in the Y and not allowed to go anywhere," Crook said.
With them were a couple of women "who actually saw it," Crook said, referring to the shooting. "Several people here actually saw the shooter, but they didn't want to talk for some reason."
When they finally were allowed to leave the basement, Crook said he spotted two or three bullet holes in the windows of the YMCA.
"The home plate is at the Y side of the complex so next to the bleachers and dug outs were where a lot of Secret Service were standing," he said.
Laura Russell said she had just finished her workout at the YMCA and was talking outside to a friend when she heard a "loud boom that sounded like a starter pistol." She said she turned to her friend and asked, "What was that? It's a little early."
Before her friend could answer, Russell recalled, "the gunshots kept coming and coming."
Russell said that while her friend ducked down beside his car, she took off running. As she raced past the park, Russell said she glanced over at one point and saw somebody by home plate "drop to the floor." She said it felt like the bullets were coming in her direction and practically "felt them in my back."
"You don't even know what is happening or where it's coming from or where it's going," said Russell, who escaped the horror unharmed.
David Woodruff said he was jogging on the ball field when the shots rang out. In the chaos that followed, he ran across two lawmakers he knew from his days as a Congressional staffer.
"They were clearly distraught, very shaken up," he said.
Woodruff said he took cover, but didn't feel like he was in any danger until he discovered a bullet hole in a car he had walked past just minutes before.
Alexander Seitz-Wald reported from Alexandria, Virginia. Emmanuelle Saliba, Ariana Brockington and Corky Siemaszko reported from New York City.
The stretch of Route 1 south of San Francisco is, quite possibly, the best place for a family road trip.
Consider starting in Half Moon Bay, around 45 minutes from the city, and taking a drive down the gorgeous Pacific Coast Highway. Against the majestic scenery of one of America's most beautiful stretches, there are loads to see and do, from wildlife-watching to restaurant-hopping, all within striking distance of the ocean.
We — my husband, two kids under 10 and I — cruised the 90 miles from Half Moon Bay to Carmel via Monterey and Santa Cruz with frequent stops during our 2½-day tour to ease the dreaded choruses of “Are we there yet?”
Here are the highlights.
Cliff hangers
Perched on a rugged bluff facing the ocean, the luxurious Ritz-Carlton in Half Moon Bay (from $619) is great for families because it offers babysitting, a kids' club, scavenger hunts and fun activities like roasting s'mores over an open fire on the terrace floor. There are communal fire-pits for those not staying in the ground floor rooms which come equipped with a private one. I had a custom facial in the spa (from $175) while my children enjoyed the sizable indoor pool. Golfers can tee off at one of two championship courses with unforgettable views. We took a stroll down to the windswept public beach before dining at the hotel's friendly Conservatory restaurant, where we felt at home dining next to a table of new parents and their infants. The staff didn't bat an eyelid when we ordered plain spaghetti with butter for the young ones, while my husband and I feasted on a chilled seafood platter of oysters, tuna and hamachi ($45) and grilled local trout ($34). Breakfast was in the slightly more formal, seafood-centric Navio restaurant where the “coastal” benedict ($28) — poached eggs with Dungeness crab, artichoke spread and roasted potatoes with Hollandaise — proved a tasty choice for the grown-ups. The kids were content with the extensive farmers' market buffet ($32).
Explore the town
Half Moon Bay has a cute historic center where we found old-school diner Main Street Grill, which has been serving up breakfast staples for 25 years. It also offers more unusual dishes, like the Cubano omelette with sautéed bananas topped with melted jack cheese and home fries ($13). It's a good place to build up an appetite for the great outdoors, including a visit to the free Fitzgerald Marine Reserve. This small but fabulous park is a dreamy warren of tidepools. Our pint-sized duo — Daisy, 9, and Bobby, 7 — were enchanted by the anemones, starfish, limpets and crabs they spotted as well as the adorable harbor seals resting on rocks in the distance.
Boardwalk empire
The next stop south was Santa Cruz. Our kids couldn't resist the beach boardwalk's amusement park, a famous seaside attraction that dates back to 1907. General admission to stroll the boardwalk is free but the best-value deal is an all-day wristband for the rides starting at $29.95 per person. It features more than 40 attractions, including a 1924-built wooden roller coaster and the charming 1911 Looff Carousel. We spent an inordinate amount of time (and money at $3 a pop) on one particular game — a crawl-along rope bridge — that kids need to delicately negotiate without falling onto the mattress beneath. The whole experience will remind New Yorkers of a less gritty version of Coney Island.
Under the sea
If, like my brood, your offspring are suckers for Disney's “Finding Dory,” you've got to visit the (admittedly loose) real-life inspiration for the movie's enormous aquarium. Admission is pricey (adult tickets are $50, kids' $30) but it's worth every cent to see the stunning exhibits. There's a living kelp forest where scuba divers hand-feed fish — from a leopard shark to a giant sea bass — every day. Other highlights include the “open sea” section (its jellyfish perform a graceful ballet) and the thrilling “splash zone” (where waves crash over colorful corals). Then there's the crowd-pleasing sea otter tank, with rescued California native Selka. Lately, she has been raising her first set of pups, teaching them how to groom fur, find food and crack rocks on shells on their stomachs to open them.
Shop & sightsee
Some 5 miles south on Route 1 is Carmel-by-the-Sea, where you can hang out on a perfect expanse of sandy beach right in the city, ogle the fairytale cottages in the village-like center or visit the historic Carmel Mission. We practically had the latter's Spanish colonial church to ourselves, stopping by very early in the morning because we were still operating on New York time. Then it was time to browse the upscale stores, including more than 40 outlets in the courtyard setting of Carmel Plaza, where, sans sticky-fingered youngsters for a moment, I shopped at Beachwood Home, an eclectic interior design boutique, and tasted the goods at Carmel Honey Company, founded by a high-school entrepreneur. As you'd expect, Carmel's restaurant scene is equally upmarket, but we were lucky to happen upon the cozy, cash-only Katy's Place, which resembles a Swiss chalet. It prides itself on its generously portioned pancakes, waffles and crepes, but our lunch consisted of a traditional fresh Greek salad ($14.95) and tasty hamburgers (from $13.95).
Great outdoors
Another 10-minute drive later, we arrived at Point Lobos State Natural Reserve. This breathtakingly beautiful spot affords spectacular views over the Pacific. With the naked eye, you can spot sea otters, harbor seals and even gray whales during their December-to-May migration. If, like us, you accidentally left your binoculars at home, give your car keys to one of the rangers as collateral to borrow a pair. Another high point for Daisy and Bobby was an exhibit where they could touch the skins of every animal in the park, from field mice to cougars. (Don't worry, they all died of natural causes.) Next, running along the beach in the tracks of the sandpipers was a great way to let off steam before reluctantly climbing into the car for the journey home.
The author was a guest at the Ritz-Carlton.
Follow @insidefutbol
Sadio Mane's form has been dubbed "alarming" by Liverpool legend John Aldridge, who thinks it may be a mental issue with the Senegal international.
The former Southampton forward enjoyed a good first season with Liverpool last term, but his form has tailed off for the Anfield giants in the current campaign.
Mane scored in Liverpool's wins over Burnley and Manchester City in early January as he looked to turn the corner, but the forward was off colour in midweek when the Reds won 3-0 at Huddersfield Town.
Aldridge is sure that something is not right with Mane, but suspects it may be a mental issue as the Senegalese has not turned into a bad player over night.
" He can be [a danger], but his form is alarming for me", Aldridge said on LFC TV ahead of Liverpool's Sunday meeting with Tottenham Hotspur.
"I watch him all the time and he's very exciting, and he's done great since he came to the club, everyone likes him, a bubbly personality on and off the park.
"But something is not right.
"Watch the game against Huddersfield. Balls are coming off him, he's misplacing his pass.
"It's obviously a mental thing because you don't become that type of player over night.
"I don't know what it is", he added.
It remains to be seen whether Mane will keep his spot in the Liverpool team on Sunday when the Reds line up against Tottenham in a crunch Premier League game at Anfield, as two top four hopefuls clash.
Across the country, thousands of life-changing questions will be asked on Tuesday. Some will result in tears, anxiety and lots of drinking. Others will not end so happily. If you decide this Valentine's Day that one is better than two, then you definitely need to get moving.
We looked at two very different wedding magazines to help you get down the aisle.
Brides
Brides magazine editors have packed more fantasy into its current 376-page issue than any Marvel comic book ever did.
On the other hand, Martha Stewart Weddings is much more practical.
Really want to indulge (read: go crazy) then Brides is for you. Don't look for anything to really read — but there are lots of the usual listicles, like on “How to be your best self,” “Wedding worthy wines” and “The best venues.” The good news, you can skim through them while waiting for your nails to dry at the salon.
In between, there are great sheaths of bridal fashion featuring mostly blond models looking very virgin-like.
Reading Brides is like eating in one sitting that entire box of cheap Russell Stover candy you got from your future in-law. You'll love each and every page while you're reading it — “Honey, look at how they pulled off the perfect black tie affair in South Carolina!” — but then regret you dove in so deeply. How many hours did you set aside for interviewing freakin' DJs?
And don't forget to obsess over wedding planners, pre-nups, etc.
If that weren't bad enough, there's a story about Mrs. Stillman Berger, who secured wedding dates at her synagogue before the proposal — just to be sure she'd get the special date.
After you read this issue, the military-industrial complex will appear simple and straightforward by comparison. The bridal industry complex? Now that's evil.
Martha Stewart Weddings
Martha Stewart Weddings is a little like Martha herself. Practical.
Thankfully the title's more focused approach boils down the angst for frazzled fiancées. As Editor Amy Conway says in her introduction, “A lot of ideas end up on the cutting room floor,” and thank goodness. The spreads are much easier to read than in Brides as the page design doesn't try to cram in too much.
While Brides is an assault on the senses, Martha Stewart Weddings feels manageable.
Still, it wouldn't be a bridal mag if there weren't something faintly ridiculous. We had to laugh at the photo spread to help couples figure out how to incorporate a cloud theme at the wedding.
There are spreads on cool looking cakes and even cooler ice for your finger. “School of Rock” features pages of engagement rings — which seems like an obvious play for ads since most folks buy the mag after they get the ring, no?
Martha Stewart Weddings weighs in at 306 pages and ends with a helpful note from a married couple with some welcome words of advice. He says: “No one tells you that marriage is a learning process. You learn to put the needs of your own partner ahead of your own.” Wise words if you want this to last.
BEIJING: Foreign umpires at the China Open have been unintentionally entertaining the crowds and earning hearty applause with their attempts at pidgin Chinese.
Some of the officials, who come from a range of countries, are using very basic Chinese for the first time at the Beijing tournament to give instructions to the ball boys, ball girls and unruly spectators.
Among the words they have learnt is the equivalent of towel to remind the ball boys and girls when players need a wipe-down and then saying “xiexie” (thank you).
Umpires have also learnt the Chinese word for new balls and are saying “xiexie” to the crowd to urge them to be quiet.
Spectators in the Chinese capital have lapped it up, applauding or cheering each attempt — and having a giggle when the pronunciation is a bit off.
Ashraf Hamouda, chief of umpires at the China Open, said some of the 16 non-Chinese umpires had taken it upon themselves to learn the language for the first time.
“They have books and they try to learn the language, they are interested to know Chinese,” he said, adding it was optional.
“Four or five of them have books and they try to get the right pronunciation from the Chinese.”
Hamouda said those umpires attempting Chinese found it helped them at the tournament and in their leisure time.
“It's not a must, but saying in Chinese ‘pass the towel, pass the ball or ball change', they find things happen quicker on the court and communication is easier,” he said.
BEIJING: Foreign umpires at the China Open have been unintentionally entertaining the crowds and earning hearty applause with their attempts at pidgin Chinese.
Some of the officials, who come from a range of countries, are using very basic Chinese for the first time at the Beijing tournament to give instructions to the ball boys, ball girls and unruly spectators.
Among the words they have learnt is the equivalent of towel to remind the ball boys and girls when players need a wipe-down and then saying “xiexie” (thank you).
Umpires have also learnt the Chinese word for new balls and are saying “xiexie” to the crowd to urge them to be quiet.
Spectators in the Chinese capital have lapped it up, applauding or cheering each attempt — and having a giggle when the pronunciation is a bit off.
Ashraf Hamouda, chief of umpires at the China Open, said some of the 16 non-Chinese umpires had taken it upon themselves to learn the language for the first time.
“They have books and they try to learn the language, they are interested to know Chinese,” he said, adding it was optional.
“Four or five of them have books and they try to get the right pronunciation from the Chinese.”
Hamouda said those umpires attempting Chinese found it helped them at the tournament and in their leisure time.
“It's not a must, but saying in Chinese ‘pass the towel, pass the ball or ball change', they find things happen quicker on the court and communication is easier,” he said.
Free music seems to be making a comeback on Google Play Music. Once a relic of the past, free albums made a reappearance last week with Ariana Grande's "My Everything" and an ICON album featuring The Beach Boys. Four more ICON albums with Johnny Cash, Loretta Lynn, Kenny Rogers, and KISS can now be picked up for $0.00 from Play Music as well.
These ICON albums are collections of these artists' greatest hits, and each has 11-12 songs. Here are the links:
It'll be interesting to see if Google continues to release some more free music. Note that these albums aren't available in all countries, but those in the US, Germany, Uruguay, Colombia, and probably some more seem to have had success in adding them to their libraries.
Loyalty, Rorschach, Charlottesville, Evangelical
This weekend was an important moment in our nation, and, I think, for evangelical Christianity in America. Reflecting and responding to the events following Charlottesville is worth our time and energy.
Many issues are already being discussed, and it's important that we think deeply on issues of race, but I'd like to ask one additional question: why are a subset of (often evangelical) Christians unable to see when President Trump has stumbled and feel they must defend everything he does— even after he obviously saw his error and sought to fix it today.
President Trump's Stumble
On Saturday, President Trump had what many have reported as the worst day of his presidency. Some of the most egregious elements of our society were exposed, and the President had an obvious opportunity to explicitly condemn the racism in a way that would have provided much-needed moral and political leadership for our country. Instead, he missed the opportunity by condemning in a generic and unhelpful way that was received with widespread (almost universal) critique from around the world, including from many Republicans.
I wrote about this on Saturday, with conservative Senators Orrin Hatch and Marco Rubio's tweets asking the President to say more, those comments being just a few of many from politicians and leaders that took a firm stance against (and named) this racial hatred. The large number of respondents even included some of Trump's closest evangelical advisors.
Yet the President was strangely silent. He sent out no tweet that day—only one of four days in his presidency that have gone without tweets.
This is the same president who is quick to call people out, by name, with remarkable and often shocking specificity. Furthermore, this is the same president who ruthlessly criticized former President Obama for failing to call out and name “radical Islamic terrorism.” The lack of communication is obviously a major stumble on the part of President Trump.
That's just the fact. And it is a fact that even the President knew he needed to remedy today.
But this is, for the sake of this article old news. The President has sought to make it right and, while I would have liked to see him say more, he ended up breaking the silence and declaring white supremacy “repugnant.”
For this I am thankful.
How Christians Respond Matters
My point here today is not to discuss the President's response today (or his lack of it over the weekend). I have already discussed some of this in greater nuance elsewhere. I want to look in another direction and reflect on the ways I saw many Christians respond—ways that concern me.
Now, this stumble was obvious. President Trump saw the need to make it right, and spoke more today. But, some Christians seem unable to say that this was a mistake (more on this in a moment), but instead defend the President no matter what. Their responses concerned me, and these concerning responses seem to fall under three categories:
First, some Christians responded with an argument of redirection.
They pointed out there were other people doing bad things in Charlottesville. This is the point President Trump made when he initially said “many sides.” The reality is there was only one group of people in Charlottesville that claimed they were doing the bidding of Donald Trump, therefore this is the group of people he clearly needed to condemn. (I'm thankful he has since seen this and eventually condemned them.)
Rather than acknowledge that President Trump made a mistake in his response (and unnecessarily divided the country), some Christians acted like third-grade children by saying “Look, somebody else started it.” This argument denies the validity of the evil that caused the events in Charlottesville, and distracts us from healthily critiquing our leader's responses to crisis. This redirection goes against the scriptures, which calls us to “learn to do good; seek justice, correct oppression; bring justice to the fatherless, plead the widow's cause” (Isaiah 1:17).
Second, some Christians responded with an argument of loyalty.
They pointed out that we should loyal to the President, which essentially elevates loyalty to the office of the President over loyalty to facts. It assumes that, by critiquing the President acting in his office, we are somehow disloyal to him or the United States. This is anti-democracy and anti-American in the most foundational understanding of the constitution. Not only that, it's anti-Jesus.
If critiquing an obvious mistake that divides the country along racial lines makes you disloyal to the President, then you need to focus on a higher loyalty, to King Jesus, who calls us to speak truth to power. We have done this with many presidents—both Democrats and Republicans.
Third, and most concerning, is that some Christians responded with an argument of deduction.
Deductive arguments infer a specific reasoning based on general principles. Essentially, it assumes President Trump is correct, and thus his response must be correct. If you have elevated President Trump, or former President Obama, or anyone else to a level that you will not speak out when egregious, divisive errors are made, then you are showing the world your god is not the King of Kings, but a commander-in-chief. Whomever you perceive as perfect you will elevate as a savior and worship as a god. This is 21st century idolatry.
Where is Our Loyalty
This is key, and the point of my article today. These events don't call people's loyalty into question, they expose the loyalty they already have in their hearts. And, that's concerning when the Rorschach test that exposes where their hope truly lies.
A Rorschach test is simply a blob of ink that is used as a reaction tool to expose deeper subconscious thought. Participants are asked to share what they see in the random ink and the patterns they think they see expose what is going on under the surface. Events like the one in Charlottesville are an evangelical's Rorschach test. What you see and how you respond shows what's going on in your heart.
The reality is that Christians are never going to be completely at home in any political party. And, let me be clear before being asked, I have widely critiqued former President Obama as well. His approach to religious liberty, his remarkable embrace of shifting sexual ethics, his views on abortion, and his often anti-faith policies, are all issues I've strongly opposed (in writing, in news stories, and on my radio program). And, even during the election season, I've spoken of the deep problems evangelicals have with Hillary Clinton at CNN, Slate, and in Christianity Today.
And, yes, I think some in the media are unfair to President Trump, I am thankful for his Supreme Court pick, and I have publicly praised cabinet picks. In other words, I'm no Trump hater and I think Hillary Clinton's election would have had significant negative consequences for evangelical Christians.
But, still, and simply put, if you are unable to critique the President, you've lost your prophetic witness, Christian. And, that's a tragedy.
We need to be free to critique any politician, president, or pundit when their actions are divisive, unjust, or unhelpful. Why?
Because we are Christians.
Prophetic Witness
I don't think everyone needs to speak up on everything, but I'm talking about those who defend that which Trump saw that he needed to correct— with him (finally) condemning racism in this instance.
Christians have a prophetic witness, but we can lose that witness when we are unable to see (or speak to) the errors or failings of leaders. And, if Christians feel the need to defend even an obvious and divisive mistake (and my Twitter feed is filled with those people), they hurt the church's witness and tying it to closely to a person, not the truth.
Now, if that's your job in the White House, I get it. You have to defend everything. But, if Christians do, it shows the world that our loyalty is to the person in the White House rather than the Person who said He is the Truth.
If you are a Christian, you need to speak out against error, injustice, and the depraved strategy of silence. Many did, some said nothing, but some went to the defense of something the President two days later felt the need to correct.
If you're a Christian who thinks that President Trump can do no wrong, you're giving the message that he's the savior. He's not. He is fallible, human, and makes mistakes that we, as responsible Christians and members of Christ's household, should not be afraid to address.
So, rather than defending his error, which he, himself, felt the need to correct today, search your heart and ask, have I become too connected to a secular leader?
There are many godly Christians, committed to Christ and His work, who voted for and supported President Trump. They had two choices and chose now-President Trump. And, I am thankful for some of the choices and policies he has made. But, I can, must, and will critique him when his lack of words divides the nation as they did this week.
As I tweeted, if you are a Christian Trump supporter, but cannot critique him when he is wrong, the world is watching and sees your primary loyalty.
Furthermore, if you can't critique, but must also defend him against those who do critique him for obvious missteps, you might want to search your heart and consider the reason.
Our citizenship is in heaven, and we don't need a Rorschach test to tell us that the only perfect King is already on the throne. If your response is always one-sided, I'd ask why.
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
APC expels NEMA Director-General, Mustapha Maihaja
The newly appointed Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Alhaji Mustapha Yunusa Maihaja, has been expelled by the Progressives Congress (APC) in Yobe State. The is contained in a statemen​t​ on Wednesday by the state secretary of the party, Alhaji Abubakar Bakabe, in Damaturu. ​It explained that ​Yobe State Executive Council expelled […]
APC expels NEMA Director-General, Mustapha Maihaja
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Uranus smells like rotten eggs, according to research released this week. But the cold will kill you before the smell. NASA
Celebrities like Luis Fonsi and Gael García Bernal as well as young Dreamers and a Latina scientist were among those honored at the 30th Hispanic Heritage Awards, which took place on Sept. 14 in Washington, D.C.
Now viewers will have a chance to see the inspiring and star-studded evening on Friday, October 6th on PBS.
Luis Fonsi and Gael Garcia Bernal at the Hispanic Heritage Awards, Sept. 14, 2017.
"The Hispanic Heritage Awards are unique in that educators, physicians, innovators, businesspersons, community leaders, and elected officials stand alongside celebrities and great artists in representing the great value Latinos provide the United States and the globe," say the organizers.
The event is part of the activities around the Hispanic Heritage Foundation, which provides internships, training and workshops to connect Latinos and create a leadership path, particularly in certain areas such as public service, engineering and tech and media.
"It's no secret that we are living one of the most difficult periods in this country," said Luis Fonsi, creator of the chart-breaking, viral song Despacito, who was awarded the Latino Trailblazer Award. "Unity, inclusion or acceptance no longer seem to be a priority in the agenda and yet, one song… in Spanish…broke all the barriers, across all cultures, languages and ages."
The Hispanic Heritage Awards can be viewed Friday, Oct. 6 at 10pET on PBS, check local listings for times.
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Ed Koch, the late mayor of New York, delighted in offering salty opinions on sundry matters. He was often rebuked on the ground that he should be more dignified and stick to his knitting.
Koch's response was that he didn't lose his First Amendment rights when he became mayor. He was right, just as Donald Trump retains his free speech rights even though he lives in the White House.
Naturally, the president is being called “divisive” for his attack on the relative handful of NFL players who kneel rather than stand for the National Anthem. Commissioner Roger Goodell demanded “respect” for the league and some athletes whose politics lean left are piling on.
They all have free speech rights, too, but Goodell's demand for respect is odd in the current context. Respect is a two-way street.
On substance, I agree with Trump. Players who bring their politics to work ought to find another outlet or another job, and their employers should have the guts to demand compliance with certain norms of conduct.
Fans also have the right to vote with their feet. Indeed, there is likely merit to the claim that the league's TV audiences and attendance are falling as the protests continue.
As Ed Rollins, the GOP consultant and a former boxer, puts it, “No one goes to a ball game to watch someone blessed with athletic talent protest by insulting the views of millions of Americans who honor and love this country and its flag. If you don't want to honor our flag and our country, stay in the locker room till the game starts.”
Amen to that.
Still, while Trump has a right to say what he said and his remarks will resonate with many Americans, especially military families, I confess a doubt about his timing.
In the midst of a nuclear showdown with North Korea, Iran's continuing threats, severe hurricane damage in Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and a stalled GOP agenda in congress, Trump's plate already is more than filled. It's not clear to me how pushing a hot button in the culture wars helps him win in any of those far more critical arenas.
Then again, as Koch often proved, distraction can be the best political strategy. In that case, we should be grateful that Trump is giving the country something to argue about that isn't a matter of life and death.
Juno and Nala are brother and sister cats about 3 1/2-years-old. They are neutered and spayed and have been indoor cats only. This would be a great pair for someone looking to adopt two cats, as they have lived together all their lives.
Visit them and other dogs and cats available for adoption at Trumbull Animal Shelter, 324 Church Hill Road, or call the shelter at 203-452-5088 for more information.
Seeking donations
The Trumbull Animal Shelter is always in need of the following items: Canned cat food, clay cat litter, large rawhide, Kong or Nylabones for larger breed dogs. They can be dropped off at the Trumbull Animal Shelter.
Rabies clinic
The Trumbull Animal Shelter will be holding a rabies clinic on Saturday, June 10, from 10 a.m.-noon at the Trumbull Highway Department, 366 Church Hill Road. The cost is $20, cash only and a 3-year vaccination can be given if a prior rabies certificate is provided.
Dogs must be on a leash and cats in carriers.
Connecticut Veterinary Medical Association (CVMA) provides the supplies, and Dr. Kathleen Fearon donates her time.
Hitler Look-Alike Held in Nazi Leader's Birthplace
Austrian police say they have detained a man described locally as “Hitler's double” on suspicion of glorifying the Nazi era.
Cleveland police announced a $50,000 reward has been posted by Crimestoppers Monday for information leading to the capture of the man suspected of killing a random passerby and posting the gruesome footage on Facebook Sunday.
Police have issued a nationwide search for Steve Stephens, 37, and asked residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana, and Michigan to be on alert.
UPDATE Homicide suspect Steve Stephens' actual vehicle has Ohio Temp tag E363630 pic.twitter.com/tE3r5u4BNN — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said officers searched dozens of locations for Stephens with no success. The department is working with federal, state and other local agencies to find him.
“As far as we know right now, we don't know where he's at,” Williams said at a Monday morning news conference. “The last location we had him at was the homicide.”
Williams also urged Stephens to turn himself in or contact a friend, relative, or clergy.
“We definitely want to get it resolved as quickly as possible. The victim's family deserves it,” said Williams.
“At this point he could be a lot of places,” said Steve Anthony, the special agent in charge of the FBI's Cleveland division. “He could be nearby, he could be far away or anywhere in-between.”
Police in Philadelphia said they have “no indication” Stephens is in the city despite 911 calls reporting he could be in or near Fairmount Park.
Officers were sent to check the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down as a precaution.
Authorities issued an arrest warrant for Stephens early Monday. He is charged with aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin.
Williams said detectives had spoken with Stephens via cellphone at one point, but hadn't made any other contact with him.
“Early in this investigation we did have contact with him, direct contact with our detectives,” Williams said. “They tried to convince him to turn himself in.”
Stephens had no previous criminal record, only “a lot” of traffic violations, Williams said.
The video of Godwin's murder posted to Facebook purportedly shows Stephens getting out of his car and targeting Godwin, 74, who is holding a plastic shopping bag. Stephens shouted the name of a woman, whom Godwin did not recognize.
“She's the reason that this is about to happen to you,” Stephens told Godwin before pointing a gun at him. Godwin can be seen shielding his face with the shopping bag. The video of the killing was on the social media site for three hours before it was removed. Stephens' account also was removed.
Facebook said the suspect did go live on the social media website at one point during the day, but not during the killing. Police earlier had said that Stephens had broadcast it on Facebook Live.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” said a company spokesperson. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
Police said they have been talking with family and friends of Stephens, who is a case manager at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland.
“We were shocked and horrified to learn of this news today,” agency spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer said in a statement. “We are hoping that the Cleveland Police will be able to apprehend Mr. Stephens as soon as possible and before anyone else is injured.”
In one of the videos he posted to Facebook, Stephens can be seen holding up his Beech Brook employee identification badge.
Stephens also mentioned his fraternity, Omega Psi Phi, in one of his Facebook posts. The fraternity issued a statement Sunday night.
“On behalf of the Supreme Council and the members of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Incorporated, we lift our sincere and heartfelt prayers and condolences of comfort to the families impacted by the recent shooting in Cleveland, Ohio,” it said.
Police said Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Friendships and group activates will be under excellent stars over the next few days and even if you are the kind of Capricorn who prefers your own company you really should make an effort to mingle. Social activities will bring huge opportunities.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:13 Will Trump support black colleges?
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
CLEVELAND — The cruelest of ironies hit these Yankees at the worst time.
Who had them beating up on Corey Kluber … and still losing this American League Division Series Game 2?
“It sucks,” Aaron Hicks said in a deathly silent Yankees clubhouse after the Yankees dropped an agonizing 9-8 game in 13 innings to fall behind 2-0 in this best-of-five event. “We had opportunities to keep pushing, keep fighting. We didn't really quite push away and get that tiger in.”
The tiger is out now in the form of anti-Joe Girardi venom. Good grief, has the Yankees manager registered a worse game in his 10 years on the job? Whether you're an error-of-omission (leaving in Chad Green and David Robertson too long) or error-of-commission (taking out CC Sabathia too soon) type, or whether you just want to see Lonnie Chisenhall's sixth-inning hit-by-pitch challenged, Girardi checked all of the boxes.
That this all transpired in a game in which the Yankees entered with a seemingly low chance of winning, and they proceeded to build an 8-3 lead over the probable AL Cy Young Award winner, well, … it's legendary for all of the wrong reasons.
What transpired here was unfathomable, unpredictable — and unassailable. It happened. The Yankees will have to live with the consequences.
Kluber entered the night with a 1.42 ERA in his prior 12 starts, totaling 89 innings, having struck out 104 and walked nine (thanks, Baseball-Reference.com). In only one of those starts, Aug. 13 at Tampa Bay, did he allow as many as three runs. In each and every one of those starts, he pitched at least five innings to qualify for a win. Twice in this stretch, he faced the Yankees and permitted a total of three runs over 17 innings.
Hence the shock here when, after Kluber walked the game's second batter, Aaron Judge, the third batter, Gary Sanchez, ripped a Mike Piazza-esque, line-drive, opposite-field homer to right-center for an instant 2-0 Yankees lead.
“We weren't swinging at bad pitches,” Sanchez said through an interpreter. “We were swinging at good pitches to hit. We had good results.”
For even after Sabathia quickly gave back that lead and then some, the Indians going ahead 3-2 in the bottom of the second, the Yankees went right back after Kluber. In the top of the third, with two outs and Sanchez on second base, Starlin Castro lined a base hit past a diving Francisco Lindor into left field, bringing Sanchez home with the tying run. Greg Bird lined a single to right, moving Castro to third. And Hicks ripped a three-run homer to right field, giving the Yankees a 6-3 advantage.
And like that, the Klubot was unplugged with a line of six runs allowed in 2 ²/₃ innings, Terry Francona coming to get his No. 1 starter out of Game 2 in favor of (very brief) former Yankee Tyler Olson. As baseball stats guru Katie Sharp noted on Twitter, it marked the first time in Kluber's career that he allowed six or more runs in an appearance of less than three innings.
“Klubes just fought his command right from the get-go,” Francona said. “In the third, when you're around 75 pitches into the third, that kind of speaks volumes. He was having trouble working ahead. Then he was having trouble finishing hitters. And guys that he's handled in the past were — obviously, the Hicks home run was a huge blow. It was just, you know, he was fighting his mechanics from the get-go.”
Man, oh man, however, these Indians are good. So they fought their way back, Lindor following the Chisenhall oddity with a grand slam off Green to pull the home team within 8-7 and Jay Bruce launching a solo eighth-inning blast off Robertson to tie the game. By the time Yan Gomes grounded the game-winning single in the 13th, scoring Austin Jackson from second, the Yankees looked more fatigued than Evan Drake in the “Cheers” episode when Rebecca gets trapped in his closet.
If the Yankees somehow can win the next two games in The Bronx and bring it back here for a Game 5, which Kluber is on course to start, then they at least would know they can beat this guy. That they did beat this guy. And that should provide the smallest of consolation.
They re-digested a more painful lesson, though: Beating the starting pitcher doesn't guarantee you'll beat the team.
Summer's not over yet! There's still plenty of time to get outdoors and enjoy. And wherever your summer plans take you, whether that's camping, biking, or hitting the open road, we've got the latest tech gadgets to help you get the most out of the sunny season.
The first time you jump or get pushed into a pool or lake with your phone in your pocket, you'll be glad it was LG's G6 smartphone, which can survive an accidental dunk in the pool for up to 30 minutes.
Waterproof Phone
You may not think of a smartphone as being made for summer but the first time you jump or get pushed into a pool or lake with your phone in your pocket, you'll be glad it was LG's G6 smartphone. LG's newest flagship phone can survive an accidental dunk in the pool for up to 30 minutes — so a soggy smartphone won't stop your vacation. The G6 is great for taking vacation photos, thanks to the two cameras on the back. One is a standard 13-megapixel lens and the other is wide angle for taking better scenery shots. The 5.7-inch screen has a super thin bezel which means you get a large, crisp display with clear images; great for editing photos or watching videos. And if you enjoy your wired earbuds for listening to those videos or music, the G6 still has a headphone jack.
Waterproof Case
If your phone isn't already waterproof, you'll want to get a waterproof case to protect it from accidental encounters with water. Be warned that the truly waterproof cases will add some bulk to your phone, but they are a necessity. The Lifeproof Fre line offers one of the slimmest profiles and protects from dust and dirt. If you just want a really rugged protective case that's not too bulky and heavy, check out the new OtterBox Pursuit Series. It has dual-purpose foam to seal every edge of the case, and keeps dirt and dust out of the ports.
Waterproof Music
Whether you're camping, hiking, or lounging by the lake, you'll want to bring along some tunes. Monster's Firecracker HD Bluetooth speaker is small and portable, with two full-range drivers and a built-in super bright flashlight for finding your way when the sun goes down. It will still be playing after dark thanks to 25-hour battery life, a USB port so you can charge your phone, and a splash resistant exterior. It comes in four colors and has a built-in carabiner clip for attaching to a backpack or camping gear.
Taking selfies with your smartphone is so last summer. This year, all the cool kids are using the AirSelfie, a pocket-sized drone you control with your smartphone.
​Selfie Drone
Taking selfies with your smartphone is so last summer. This summer the cool kids are using the AirSelfie, a pocket-sized drone you control with your smartphone. Launch it into the air, adjust the height on your phone, hover and say cheese. You get three minutes of flying time per charge but an optional rechargeable portable power bank lets you power up multiple times in the field. The AirSelfie has a 5-megapixel HD camera and 4 GB of photo and video storage built in so you can document every moment of your vacation from a birds-eye perspective.
Smart Jumper Cables
Friends don't let friends drive without portable jumper cables. With Cobra's JumPack XL H20 you won't need to spend your vacation day waiting for AAA to come give you a boost. This handheld gadget can jump start V8 gas and diesel engines multiple times before needing to be recharged. It has two USB ports to power up your smartphone and a built-in flashlight with SOS and strobe modes in case of emergency. If opening the hood and attaching the jumper cables is too intimidating for you, the XL can also charge the car right through the 12-volt port so you can stay safe and warm inside.
Wireless Charging
You'll likely be using Waze or Google Maps if you're headed to unfamiliar territory, so stay safe and keep your hands on the wheel with Ventev's Magdock 360. It's a magnet mount (magnet for your phone case included) that clips into the car's air vent so you can rotate and position your phone for the best angle and view. Newer phones with wireless charging capabilities can use the wireless pro dock, which will charge the phone while you're driving.
Venture coolers are the perfect companion for every camping trip, whether it is for a night, weekend or week-long time away. OtterBox
Premium Cooler
Hitting the open road? Never run low on cold drinks with the OtterBox Venture Cooler. The company known for ultra-durable phone cases has put that techno design into a premium, rugged cooler that will keep ice for up to two weeks. It's also certified bear-resistant — which is very helpful when you're camping! The coolers come in 25, 45, or 65-quart sizes that you can customize with optional accessories like cup holders, cutting boards and side tables, depending on your vacation location and needs. OtterBox also has new copper-lined stainless-steel tumblers to keep that beverage at just the right temperature.
Portable Power
For powering your electronics on the go, the myCharge AdventureUltra is a portable charging hub and inverter with enough power to replace a small generator when you're out camping. It delivers up to 45 watts of power and has an AC power output so you can plug in a small TV, portable fan, or a lantern. There are two USB-A and one USB-C port so you can charge up all your devices; phones, tablets, even laptops.
If you're nowhere near an AC output, get a boost from the sun. Goal Zero's Nomad 7 Plus is a thin and weatherproof solar panel that charges USB devices directly from the sun. An LED solar intensity indicator shows you how much power you're getting and a detachable kickstand helps keep the panel at the perfect angle for charging. For even more power when you're off grid, Goal Zero's Flip 30 can recharge a phone three times and then be fully recharged from the solar panel.
Smart Cycling Helmet
There's a safe way for bike riders to listen to music and use voice apps on their phone while riding: Unlike headphones or earbuds, which can block out the sound of traffic, the Coros LINX Smart Cycling Helmet uses open-ear bone conduction technology, built into the helmet straps, to deliver great audio sound while also allowing riders to hear their surroundings as well as any potential dangers. Riders can make voice calls; the protective helmet has a wind-resistant microphone, or listen to music and voice-guided directions from their phone.
For runners, AfterShokz Trekz Titanium headphones use the same bone-conducting technology to let you pound the pavement while also being aware of your surroundings.
Eyes on the House
Leaving for a summer getaway doesn't mean you can't keep an eye on things at home. Blink's Home Security Camera System makes it easy to check on things both inside and outside the house with its small, wireless HD video cameras. They record on motion and send alerts to your smartphone when movement is detected — and there are no monthly subscription fees or data storage charges. Blink XT is weatherproof and has a battery that will last about two years. Mount it outside to make sure your deliveries arrived safely and that the dog walker showed up on time.
Keeping the Lawn Green
Summer drought restrictions in your area? This gadget can help you save water and give you a fabulous-looking lawn and garden. Rain Bird's Smart Irrigation Wi-Fi Timer works with your in-ground sprinkler system letting you control everything from an app on your phone. Set a schedule and change the frequency of watering for specific zones easily, whether you're home or away on vacation. Automatic Seasonal Adjust changes the watering schedule based on the local weather so you won't be watering in the rain.
Columbus Day is no more in the nation's second-largest city.
The Los Angeles City Council voted 14-1 on Wednesday to officially mark the second Monday in October as Indigenous Peoples Day on the city's calendar — a day to commemorate “indigenous, aboriginal and native people.” The day will remain a paid holiday for city employees, the Los Angeles Times reported.
The vote followed a contentious hearing, during which some Italian-Americans said the switch would eradicate a key portion of their history, while others argued that city lawmakers needed to “dismantle a state-sponsored celebration of genocide of indigenous peoples” and dismissed the idea of celebrating Indigenous Peoples Day on a different date altogether.
“To make us celebrate on any other day would be a further injustice,” said Chrissie Castro, vice chairwoman of the Los Angeles City-County Native American Indian Commission.
Councilman Mitch O'Farrell, a member of Oklahoma's Wyandotte Nation tribe, had pushed for the change, saying Wednesday that the move would provide “restorative justice.” In a blog post prior to the vote earlier this week, O'Farrell said the “historical record is unambiguous in documenting the horrors” Christopher Columbus and his men imposed on the native people in present-day Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
“Removing Columbus Day and replacing it with Indigenous Peoples Day is the appropriate action for this city to take,” O'Farrell wrote. “We must send a signal to Washington D.C. that there is no better day to honor our original inhabitants while highlighting the absurdity of celebrating a historical figure responsible for such profound suffering, still felt by generations of Indigenous People everywhere. This is more than symbolic. It is spiritually and morally necessary.”
Councilman Joe Buscaino, a first-generation Italian-American, suggested replacing Columbus Day with a new name to celebrate “all of the diverse cultures in the city” before being the lone city lawmaker to oppose the switch, asking fellow councilors not to “cure one offense with another.”
With the change, Los Angeles joins a growing list of places that have already replaced Columbus Day — first recognized as a federal holiday in 1937 — with Indigenous Peoples Day, including Alaska, Vermont, Seattle, Albuquerque, San Francisco and Denver. Most recently, the Bangor City Council in Maine voted to rename the holiday, the Bangor Daily News reports.
Ambulance crash kills patient, injures driver and attendant VERMILION, Ohio — Authorities say an out-of-control ambulance has run off a road and crashed in Ohio, killing a patient and injuring the driver and an emergency medical service attendant....
Woman admits leaving 's--t' note on ambulance, abusing first responders A jobless loudmouth was branded “despicable” after she admitted hurling abuse at paramedics as they helped her elderly neighbor. Kirsty Sharman, 26, said she left an angry “move now” note...
Woman charged with abuse for leaving 's--ty' note on ambulance A UK woman who left a nasty note telling paramedics to “move your van” because she didn't “give a s–t” during an emergency call was arrested for verbal abuse, according...
'Emotionally disturbed' man survives leap from moving ambulance An emotionally disturbed man on his way to Bellevue Hospital took a swan dive out the back of his ambulance as it cruised up the FDR on Monday morning —...
EMS refuses to pick up man who was shot 16 times Shocking video shows that a Cleveland man who was shot 16 times was left begging for help after nearby ambulances refused to assist him, according to a report. Ronald Newberry,...
Rising number of people using Uber for hospital trips Hey Uber, let's go to the ER! Ambulance use has plunged at least 7 percent nationally since the ride-sharing app hit the market, according to a new study. Researchers compared...
Ambulance workers still shaken by Vegas shooting It's been two months since the Las Vegas massacre and ambulance workers are still shaken up about what they saw. Speaking to local media, members of the Community Ambulance staff...
Paramedics grant elderly woman's last wish to see the beach This is the touching moment a paramedic stands by the side of a patient as she sees the beach in Australia one last time. The palliative care patient, in her...
Woman dies after ambulance doesn't come: cops EAST LIVERPOOL, Ohio — An Ohio police officer says he and a partner drove a barely breathing woman to a hospital because an ambulance crew said it was coming but...
A Queens mom was charged Wednesday in the brutal beating death of her 2-year-old daughter. Ashley Diaz, 28, was charged with second-degree murder after her child, Kevasia Edward, was found...
Image copyright EPA Image caption Men, women and children were freed from the cramped lorry
Nearly 200 undocumented migrants from Central America have been found hidden in a lorry without food or water in north-eastern Mexico.
The men, women and children were found crammed into the bottom of the lorry in Tamaulipas state just south of the Texas border, officials said.
They had travelled from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador and were bound for the US.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking.
Mexican police said the lorry was stopped at a checkpoint and scanners detected the people hidden inside. They had no food, water or proper ventilation. Twenty-four of the migrants were unaccompanied children, officials added.
Last month more than 170 undocumented Central Americans were taken into custody in the states of Coahuila and Tamaulipas.
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador are a major source of illegal migrants being smuggled into the US.
President Donald Trump has vowed to crackdown on all immigration, legal and illegal, and is pressing ahead with controversial plans for a wall along the Mexican border.
Verizon Communications will pay around $2.25 billion for a five-year partnership with the National Football League that allows users to stream games on its Yahoo and go90 platforms as well as on mobile devices, a source told Reuters on Monday.
Under the partnership, Verizon renews its agreement to stream NFL games on its mobile devices but loses its exclusive rights to the airings.
Representatives from Verizon and the NFL declined to comment on the financial terms of the deal but the No.1 US wireless carrier said the deal will go into effect in January with streaming of NFL playoff games on Yahoo and Yahoo Sports, in addition to the go90 streaming platform and the NFL mobile app.
The partnership will also include mobile access to jointly-developed original content, Verizon said.
Jennifer Fritzsche, analyst at Wells Fargo, said in a research note that the deal shows how Verizon is trying to expand its mobile advertising platform. In June, Verizon bought Yahoo's core assets for $4.48 billion and combined it with AOL to form its Oath business.
“With the recent consolidation of these properties in the Oath division, we would expect this to take on more of a growing focus for (Verizon) in 2018,” Fritzsche said.
Verizon estimates that it reaches more than 200 million US monthly unique mobile and digital users. The company has said its goal for Oath is to contribute $20 billion in revenue by 2020.
Verizon shares were up 0.4 percent to $51.27 in morning trading.
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
A three-alarm blaze in a Barrhaven condo building is under control, but 16 units have been gutted and dozens have been displaced..
Ottawa Fire says the fire broke out at 601 Chapman Mills Drive at around 8:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Smoke from the fire could be seen all around Barrhaven.
Firefighters remained on scene into the afternoon to make sure hot spots were fully extinguished.
Fire officials say one person was transported to hospital with smoke inhalation, but is expected to be okay.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
Ottawa Fire officials believe the fire started outside the building and spread inside.
Jack Wilshere believes Olivier Giroud is one of the best strikers in the Premier League after the Frenchman came off the bench to rescue a point for Arsenal at Southampton on Sunday.
Giroud has found himself serving as a bit-part player this season since the arrival of record signing Alexandre Lacazette, the 31-year-old yet to start in the league, making 13 substitute appearances.
Sunday's strike at St Mary's was his fourth of the campaign and saw him equal Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's record of 17 goals as a substitute for a single Premier League team.
Wilshere is a big fan of the France international's ability and expects Arsene Wenger to call on him more during December's hectic fixture schedule.
"For me Oli is one of the best strikers in the Premier League when he's on it," the midfielder told the club's official website.
"And he's on the bench, so it shows what we've got.
"There are a lot of games in December, so I'm sure he's going to get a start and if he's coming on scoring goals that's massive for the team and it was an important goal for him [against Southampton]."
Like Giroud, Wilshere has yet to start a league game in 2017-18, but he is more than happy to play any role Wenger needs.
"I'm enjoying it," he added. "I'm enjoying playing and I want to play as much as I can. I've said before that I've missed way too much football and I'm just enjoying it at the minute."
Image caption The museum was keen for Gp Capt Oxspring's family to be the first to sit in the restored plane
The descendants of a Battle of Britain pilot have seen and sat in, for the first time, a plane he once flew.
The Spitfire of Gp Capt Bobby Oxspring has been restored for the Dumfries and Galloway Aviation Museum.
They decided to try to trace his family and tracked down his granddaughter and great-grandchildren.
They became the first people to sit in the restored cockpit - following in the footsteps of their illustrious ancestor.
Robert Oxspring was born in Sheffield in 1919 and became a distinguished fighter pilot during World War Two.
He shot down several enemy aircraft - many of them during the Battle of Britain - and was decorated for his efforts.
Image caption The Spitfire was salvaged from the bottom of a loch in Ayrshire in 1982
He was the first man to fly the plane operationally which prompted the efforts to track down his family.
The plane itself was salvaged from the bottom of Loch Doon in Ayrshire in 1982 after a four-year search by divers.
It crashed during a training flight from Ayr in 1941, killing the Czech pilot.
Returning the bodywork to its former glory has taken decades of work and it is only now ready for the cockpit to be used.
Aviation museum director Peter Howieson was keen for the first people to do so to be relatives of Gp Cpt Oxspring who died in 1989.
"The original operational pilot was a very famous Spitfire pilot and his father before him also was very well documented," he said.
"I felt it was important for the visitors to know a bit about the family, so I tried to trace the family.
"I did manage to trace the family back to the Grantham area in Lincolnshire but after that I drew a blank."
Image caption The family said seeing the plane and sitting in it had been "just incredible"
However, when his son spotted a full size cut-out of Gp Capt Oxspring at an RAF dinner he was finally able to secure contact details and get the family up to the museum near Dumfries.
"I have looked forward to this day for a long, long time," said Mr Howieson.
"I think it makes the history of the plane so special.
"It doesn't do the museum any harm - but it was really for the family's benefit that I wanted to trace them."
Granddaughter Jane Patching and great-grandchildren Daniel and Olivia were delighted to come up from Lincolnshire to see the plane.
'Different emotions'
"We only became aware about it a couple of months ago - the museum contacted RAF Cranwell which is where my grandfather is buried, we have links with them because quite a lot of his memorabilia is there as well," said Ms Patching.
"Then RAF Cranwell contacted me to see if I would be happy for them to get in touch with me and it's all gone from there really."
The experience of seeing the plane and sitting in the cockpit more than lived up to their expectations.
"It was just incredible, so many different emotions, so many different feelings," she said.
"I was actually lost for words which doesn't happen a lot.
"Sitting where he actually sat himself, it really brings it to life for us."
Groundbreaking System Could Help People with Locked-In Syndrome
Doctors have used a brain-reading device to hold simple conversations with “locked-in” patients in work that promises to transform the lives of people who are too disabled to communicate.
The groundbreaking technology allows the paralyzed patients -- who have not been able to speak for years -- to answer “yes” or “no” to questions by detecting telltale patterns in their brain activity.
Three women and one man, aged 24 to 76, were trained to use the system more than a year after they were diagnosed with completely locked-in system, or CLIS. The condition was brought on by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, a progressive neurodegenerative disease which leaves people totally paralyzed but still aware and able to think.
“It's the first sign that completely locked-in syndrome may be abolished forever, because with all of these patients, we can now ask them the most critical questions in life,” said Niels Birbaumer, a neuroscientist who led the research at the University of Tübingen.
“This is the first time we've been able to establish reliable communication with these patients and I think that is important for them and their families,” he added. “I can say that after 30 years of trying to achieve this, it was one of the most satisfying moments of my life when it worked.”
All of the patients, who are fed through tubes and kept alive on ventilators, are cared for at home by family members. To train the patients on the system, doctors asked them to think “yes” or “no” in response to a series of simple questions, such as “Your husband's name is Joachim” and “Berlin is the capital of France.”
During the sessions, the patients wore a cap that uses infrared light to spot variations in blood flow in different regions of the brain. As they answered the questions, a computer hooked up to the cap learned to distinguish the blood flow patterns for “yes” and “no” in each patient.
When the patients scored at least 70% on the training questions, the doctors moved on to more personal questions. The most important of these were about quality of life. Perhaps unexpectedly, all four patients indicated that they were “happy” with life, suggesting that locked-in syndrome might not be the living hell many presume it to be.
But while the renewed ability to communicate with the world was a boon for the patients and their carers, not all of the answers went down well. One patient was a 61-year-old man whose 26-year-old daughter asked whether she should marry her boyfriend, “Mario”. Her father said “no” nine times out of ten. “She went ahead anyway,” Birbaumer told the Guardian. He did not ask if she regretted ever posing the question.
The findings, reported in the journal Plos Biology, do not mean that all locked-in patients are content with their lives. The four patients involved in the study had all chosen to be kept alive on a ventilator once their own breathing had failed, a decision that suggested they did not wish to die. Only a small percentage of CLIS patients who are moved on to ventilators survive the transition. “We have never had a patient who survived outside family care,” Birbaumer said.
But patients with locked-in syndrome have reported a good quality of life before, even matching that of healthy people of the same age. Birbaumer said the reasons are unclear, but he wonders if patients become focused on the good social interactions around them, and even experience something akin to a state of meditation because they cannot feel or move their bodies. “We find that they see life in a more positive way,” he said.
For his next project, Birbaumer wants to build a system that allows patients to communicate more proactively, rather than simply answer questions. In the 1990s, the French journalist, Jean-Dominique Bauby, who became locked-in after a massive stroke, dictated his bestselling memoir, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, by blinking his left eye to select letters from the alphabet. Birbaumer believes a system that reads brain activity could achieve the same ends for completely locked-in patients who cannot even move their eyelids.
Adrian Owen, a neuroscientist at the University of Western Ontario, has been exploring whether the same technology, known as functional near-infrared spectroscopy, or fNIRS, can be used to communicate with other kinds of brain-injured patients, including those who are presumed to be in a vegetative state. “The results of this study suggest that we are on the right track,” he said.
“Finding a portable, cost-effective and reliable means for communicating with patients who are entirely physically non-responsive is the holy grail for those of us working in this field. If these findings can be replicated in a larger group of patients they suggest that fNIRS may be the answer.
“One of the most surprising outcomes of this study is that these patients reported being ‘happy' despite being physically locked-in and incapable of expressing themselves on a day-to-day basis, suggesting that our preconceived notions about what we might think if the worst was to happen are false. Indeed, previous research has shown that most locked-in patients are actually reasonably satisfied with their quality of life,” he added.
Image Credit: Model wearing CLIS (pictured). Photograph by: Wyss Center, www.wysscenter.ch.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: Health, Brain, Biology, Disease, Scientists, Researchers
HAMILTON, New Zealand — Tevaughn Shaqele Campbell and Luke Bradley scored late tries but Canada still fell to Samoa 22-14 on Saturday at the New Zealand Sevens.
Canada will play in the Challenge Trophy quarterfinal against an undetermined opponent.
Murphy Pocetta Joe Paulo, Neria Fomai, David Jerusalem Afamasaga and Tila Mealoi all scored as Samoa built an early lead.
Campbell and Bradley scored in the 10th and 13th minutes respectively.
Earlier in the day, Canada fell to the United States 28-14 and Kenya 19-14.
By Hayden Wright
Migos released their second studio album Culture in February and its followup Culture 2 could drop as soon as this month (via XXL). Culture 2 still doesn't have a release date, but Quavo, Offset and Takeoff sat down with MTV News to discuss the album's A-list guest appearances.
Related: Migos' Offset Speaks on Cardi B's Alleged Assault by Police
“We got a lot of records. We got records with Ty Dolla $ign, records with Big Sean, records with Drake, records with Travis—we gon' keep it going,” Quavo said.
While Culture 2 gets the finishing touches, Quavo said in a recent Beats 1 interview that he's working on some movie scripts for the Migos crew, in the tradition of great '90s hip-hop movies.
“I'm a '90s baby, and all my favorite movies got all the dope artists in them,” Quavo said. “Juice, Menace II Society, all the Snoop Dogg movies, Master P movies, I Got The Hook-Up, Baller Blockin' Big Tymers movies. Even Ice Cube, Cube killed it. That's what we're doing right now; we're looking into the script.”
Gold prices climbed Monday for a fourth session in a row, as the dollar weakened on the back of tensions between the U.S. and North Korea, helping the precious metal hold ground at its highest level in more than five months.
June gold GCM7, +0.18% rose $3.90, or 0.3%, to $1,292.40 an ounce after tapping a high of $1,297.40, according to FactSet data. Prices were poised for their highest finish since the first week of November. The yellow metal gained roughly 2.5% last week.
As some global markets, including the U.S., returned from the Easter holiday weekend and others remained closed, metals markets responded to the geopolitical events.
North Korea put on a massive parade showing its military capability over the weekend, followed by a failed missile launch. In an unannounced visit to the Korean Peninsula's demilitarized zone, Vice president Mike Pence on Monday warned North Korea “not to test” the resolve of President Trump or the military strength of the U.S.
Ongoing tensions in North Korea should “keep the markets rather nervous,” said Edward Meir, an independent commodity consultant at INTL FCStone, in a recent note. He also said gold is likely to “retain a measure of strength heading into the French elections in about one week's time.”
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.43% on Monday traded 0.5% lower, adding to losses last week that followed President Donald Trump's critical remarks on dollar strength.
A weaker greenback tends to lift prices for dollar-denominated commodities, including gold, as it makes them cheaper for holders of other currencies to buy.
U.S. equities, however, traded broadly higher, helping to dull some investment demand for gold.
“The dollar weakness continues [in favor of the yen] for another day as the geopolitical tensions remain the major concern among investors. North Korea faced another failure in its nuclear test and investors are wondering what will be the reaction from the U.S. and its allies,” said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst with ThinkMarkets.
“The demand for other safe haven assets also picked up in the light of this, spot gold is moving further closer to our target of $1,300,” he said. “When it comes to the gold price, we do think that the momentum could easily continue and bias remain skewed for more upside move.”
Among other metals traded on Comex Monday, silver for May delivery SIK7, -0.11% climbed 3 cents, or 0.2%, to $18.54 an ounce—also trading in an area last seen in early November. Silver gained about 2% last week.
May copper HGK7, +0.68% traded at $2.586 a pound, up 1.5 cents, or 0.6%. July platinum PLN7, +1.23% tacked on $13.70, or 1.4%, to $991.10 an ounce, but June palladium PAM7, -0.91% lost $5.60, or 0.7%, to $790.30 an ounce
In exchange-traded funds, the SPDR Gold Trust GLD, +0.01% was up 0.2%, the iShares Silver Trust SLV, -0.23% rose 0.1%, and the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, -0.29% added 0.4%.
Image copyright Getty Images
The mother of a seriously ill boy of six is facing up to eight years in prison in Russia for trying to sell anti-seizure medication she says she no longer needed for her son.
When Yekaterina Konnova tried to sell several tubes of diazepam (valium) rectal gel online, police mounted a sting operation and she was arrested.
The gel is not registered in Russia and she is accused of selling drugs.
Charities have appealed for the case to be dropped and laws to to be changed.
They fear that if the mother-of-two is imprisoned, her younger son, who has suffered from epileptic seizures and other illnesses since birth, will perish in care and his elder brother will be put in an orphanage.
Ms Konnova, who is raising the children on her own after their father reportedly left them, tried to re-sell the gel on the online forum where she had originally bought it, Russian media say.
She was arrested outside a Moscow metro station trying to sell the medication for a total of 3,250 roubles (£39; $51).
A crackdown on drug-trafficking in Russia, which has been battling hard drugs like heroin for decades, has led to a shortage of opioid painkillers in recent years.
The UK's National Health Service says diazepam in gel form is used in Western countries as a "fast effective method of control" to help children or adolescents experiencing prolonged seizures.
Why was she selling it?
It is not entirely clear why.
According to the Russian news site Znak, Ms Konnova was offered the chance of a free version of diazepam from a clinic in ampoule form (web links are in Russian), which is legal in Russia, and she no longer needed the gel.
But Moscow TV station Ren said that the gel had stopped helping her little boy.
It seemed unlikely she was trying to profit from the resale: she bought the five tubes originally for 5,000 roubles, according to a petition for the prosecution to be dropped.
Russian media say her youngest son Arseny completely depends on his mother, who cannot leave his bedside even when he is asleep.
What do charities say?
Nyuta Federmesser, who champions hospices in Russia, has urged President Vladimir Putin to intervene and change legislation to help alleviate the suffering of young patients and their families, AFP news agency reports.
"We are developing nanotechnology, we can organise the World Cup and host Olympic Games, we fly to space, we develop gene engineering, we have crypto currencies and blockchain," she wrote in an appeal on Facebook. "Cannot we change legislation???"
Lida Moniava, deputy director at Lighthouse, a children's hospice in Moscow, said: "We are horrified by what's happening because if Katya [Yekaterina] goes to prison, Arseny will end up in a care home for the disabled where he will quickly die and his elder brother will go to an orphanage."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption In 2013, Newsnight obtained rare access to one of Russia's many orphanages to discover whether the hundreds of thousands of children locked away here can be rescued
Has this happened before in Russia?
The petition in support of Ms Konnova says it is the first time that the mother of a child with an incurable illness faces a real prospect of going to prison.
However, a case last year in the city of Ufa bears some similarities.
The widow of a man who died from cancer tried to sell on what was left of his painkiller morphine, apparently to pay funeral expenses and outstanding medical bills.
She was jailed for two years and one month while an accomplice received nine years, Ren TV reports.
Tesla shares fell 7.2 percent on Wednesday after a Wall Street analyst forecast that a sizable slowdown in growth could cut the electric-car maker's stock price by nearly 50 percent.
As demand for Tesla's Model 3 and Model X SUV plateau, annual growth should moderate to 5 percent, Goldman Sachs' David Tamberrino wrote in a report to investors. That's down from an earlier estimate of 13 percent.
As a result of what Tamberrino saw as weakening demand, he cut Tesla's six-month price target to $180, down from $190.
Shares of the Palo Alto, Calif., company slipped to $327.09. Tamberrino's price target would represent a 49 percent drop from Monday's close.
In the recently ended second quarter, Tesla delivered 22,000 automobiles — short of Goldman Sachs' estimate of 23,500 as well as the Wall Street consensus of 24,200.
“We remain sell rated on shares of [Tesla] where we see potential for downside as the Model 3 launch curve undershoots the company's production targets and as [second half] margins likely disappoint,” Tamberrino wrote in his investor note.
Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk said Monday that he expected the first Model 3's — $35,000 sedans, the first Teslas aimed at a mass audience — to roll off the production line Friday.
The company has been plagued by production snafus that have cut into output. For example, in the first half, Tesla delivered 47,100 cars, at the low end of its estimated range of 47,000 to 50,000.
Tesla blamed the low number of deliveries on production snafus related to its 100 kWh battery packs.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — On a day that it honoured three of its national championship teams, Tennessee made a statement that it's ready to start competing for titles again.
Jaime Nared and Mercedes Russell both produced double-doubles Sunday as No. 11 Tennessee outlasted No. 2 Texas 82-75 in a physical matchup of unbeaten teams.
“If that was the No. 2 team in the country, where do we stand now?” Russell asked after the game. “82-75. There's your answer right there.”
Texas (7-1) is the highest-ranked team Tennessee has defeated in Holly Warlick's six seasons as coach. The Lady Vols closed the 2016-17 regular season by winning at Mississippi State, which was ranked second in the coaches' poll and third by The Associated Press.
Tennessee made a statement in front of a crowd that included members of the Lady Vols' 1987, 1997 and 2007 national championship teams, who were honoured at a halftime ceremony.
Those former champions met Tennessee's current players at a pregame shootaround and joined the postgame locker-room celebration. Chamique Holdsclaw, the star of the 1997 team and the leading scorer in Tennessee history, was unable to attend but tweeted “haven't seen a TN team play this hard and together in a long time” late Sunday afternoon.
“We talk to our kids a lot about tradition and ‘Lady Vols For Life,”‘ Warlick said. “We take that really, really seriously. A lot of programs are the same, but I think what separates Tennessee is our alumni and the love they have for this program. The former Lady Vols take a lot of things personal. They're competitive. But they've been nothing but positive with this group. I was excited they could be here to watch a big win for us.”
Nared collected 23 points and 13 rebounds as Tennessee never trailed. Russell added 15 points and 12 rebounds, and Tennessee freshman Evina Westbrook had a career-high 15 points.
After Texas tied the score 29-all in the opening minute of the third quarter, Tennessee went on a 7-0 run to pull back ahead for good. The Lady Vols overcame shaky free-throw shooting down the stretch by making seven of their last eight field-goal attempts.
The Lady Vols led 74-73 when Tennessee's Anastasia Hayes was fouled with 42 seconds remaining. Hayes made the first free throw and missed the second, but Nared got the offensive rebound and was fouled with 32.6 seconds left. Nared made both free throws to provide some breathing room.
“Tennessee was just tougher than we were today,” said Texas guard Lashann Higgs, who scored 15 points.
Jatarie White, Audrey-Ann Caron-Goudreau and Brooke McCarty all fouled out for the Longhorns. Jordan Hosey didn't return to the game after getting hurt in the third quarter, and Ariel Atkins missed a key stretch of the fourth quarter with an injury. Atkins returned in the last three minutes and scored a team-high 21 points.
Texas coach Karen Aston criticized her team's shot selection and credited Tennessee's hustle. She said after the game that “we didn't look very well coached, and that bothers me.”
“People talk about other teams being tough, but we know we're tough,” Nared said. “I think we showed how gritty we were tonight.”
BIG PICTURE
Texas: The Longhorns fell behind early because their leading scorers this season — McCarty and Atkins — each scored just two points in the first half while shooting a combined 1 of 11 from the floor. Atkins played much better the rest of the way and scored 19 second-half points, but McCarty never got going. McCarty scored eight points and shot 2 of 14, including 0-for-6 from 3-point range.
Tennessee: After playing seven of its first 10 games at home without a true road game, the Lady Vols won't be returning to Thompson-Boling Arena for 3 1/2 weeks. Tennessee has road games Dec. 17 at Long Beach State, Dec. 21 at No. 18 Stanford and Dec. 31 at No. 20 Kentucky before hosting Auburn on Jan. 4.
QUOTABLE
“What I learned about our team is we're not quite ready to respond when somebody's popping you in the mouth, because we got popped today,” Aston said. “We'll get better from this. There's no question.”
KEY STATS
Tennessee outrebounded Texas 51-47. Texas entered the day ranked fourth in rebound margin. … Texas was just 3 of 18 and Tennessee 2 of 13 from 3-point range.
NEXT UP
Texas hosts Northwestern State on Wednesday.
Tennessee is at Long Beach State on Sunday.
——
Follow Steve Megargee at https://twitter.com/stevemegargee
GUATEMALA CITY: A fugitive former Mexican governor accused of pilfering millions of dollars from state coffers was aided by a network of accomplices who helped him evade justice in Guatemala, where he was eventually captured after six-month manhunt, officials said.
Authorities were tipped off to the presence of ex-Veracruz state Gov. Javier Duarte in Guatemala by the Nov. 10, 2016 detention of a person carrying two passports with photographs of Duarte and his wife — but with different names — at the airport in the Mexican border city of Tapachula.
Investigators “identified many homes, telephone numbers and vehicles related to people who helped Javier Duarte from Mexico City in the logistics of his stay and movement in Guatemala,” Omar Garcia Harfuch, head of the Criminal Investigation Agency in Mexico's Attorney General's Office, told a press conference in Guatemala City.
The 43-year-old former Institutional Revolutionary Party governor had come to symbolize official corruption to many in Mexico, where he is wanted for money laundering and organized crime. He is accused of running a corruption ring that allegedly pilfered millions of dollars from Veracruz's coffers, and stripped its schools and hospitals of their resources.
Prosecutors have directed Mexico's Foreign Relations Department to request Duarte's extradition.
He was captured Saturday at a hotel in Panajachel, a picturesque town on Lake Atitlan in Guatemala's highlands, with the cooperation of that country's police and Interpol office. He was taken under heavy guard to a military prison in Guatemala's capital on Sunday.
“I have no comment, thank you,” Duarte said to a question from The Associated Press as he entered the prison.
In the past, Duarte has denied the allegations against him, saying he had not stolen a single peso of state money or diverted government funds overseas.
“I don't have foreign accounts,” he said last year. “I don't have properties anywhere.”
Authorities think he entered Guatemala by land in November or earlier, and traveled between the city of Antigua and other provinces where he had properties.
“During the investigation, it came to light that various private airlines offering services to the region were charged with transporting (Duarte) to different points in Guatemala,” said Garcia Harfuch.
Garcia Harfuch did not provide the names of the network of people who helped Duarte from Mexico City. But authorities in Mexico vowed to recover the money Duarte allegedly stole and bring to justice his accomplices.
“The network of accomplices and strawmen” who helped Duarte must be brought to justice, said Alberto Elias Beltran, the deputy legal prosecutor for international affairs at Mexico's Attorney General's Office.
Political analyst Alejandro Hope said it is difficult to judge whether Duarte's capture — the second in a week of a high-profile, fugitive former PRI governor — will boost PRI President Enrique Pena Nieto's image in fighting corruption.
“In the best case it will give him a small boost in the short term but it also draws attention to the corruption of the governors,” said Hope. And Duarte “knows a lot of things about a lot of people.”
Duarte was governor of Veracruz from 2010 until he left office Oct. 12, 2016, two months before the scheduled end of his term, saying he was doing so in order to face the allegations against him. But he promptly disappeared and had been sought by Mexican authorities ever since.
Mexico says it has found millions of dollars purportedly linked to Duarte, frozen more than 100 bank accounts and seized property and businesses tied to the former governor. A reward of 15 million pesos ($730,000) had been offered for his capture.
Duarte has also been criticized for rampant violence in the state during his administration, as drug cartels warred for territory and thousands of people were killed or disappeared. The dead include at least 16 journalists slain in Veracruz during his six years in office.
His detention comes a week after Tomas Yarrington, the ex-governor of Mexico's Tamaulipas state, was arrested in Italy, also on allegations of organized crime and money laundering.
Another ex-governor, Cesar Duarte of Chihuahua state, is also wanted on suspicion of corruption and is said to have fled to El Paso, Texas. He is not related to Javier Duarte.
All three ex-governors were members of Pena Nieto's PRI.
The party, which expelled Javier Duarte on Oct. 25, 2016, applauded his arrest.
“The PRI calls for all the relevant investigations to be carried out and, respecting due process, for the ex-governor of Veracruz to be punished in an exemplary fashion, as well as anyone who is confirmed to have taken part in his criminal ring,” it said in a statement.
GUATEMALA CITY: A fugitive former Mexican governor accused of pilfering millions of dollars from state coffers was aided by a network of accomplices who helped him evade justice in Guatemala, where he was eventually captured after six-month manhunt, officials said.
Authorities were tipped off to the presence of ex-Veracruz state Gov. Javier Duarte in Guatemala by the Nov. 10, 2016 detention of a person carrying two passports with photographs of Duarte and his wife — but with different names — at the airport in the Mexican border city of Tapachula.
Investigators “identified many homes, telephone numbers and vehicles related to people who helped Javier Duarte from Mexico City in the logistics of his stay and movement in Guatemala,” Omar Garcia Harfuch, head of the Criminal Investigation Agency in Mexico's Attorney General's Office, told a press conference in Guatemala City.
The 43-year-old former Institutional Revolutionary Party governor had come to symbolize official corruption to many in Mexico, where he is wanted for money laundering and organized crime. He is accused of running a corruption ring that allegedly pilfered millions of dollars from Veracruz's coffers, and stripped its schools and hospitals of their resources.
Prosecutors have directed Mexico's Foreign Relations Department to request Duarte's extradition.
He was captured Saturday at a hotel in Panajachel, a picturesque town on Lake Atitlan in Guatemala's highlands, with the cooperation of that country's police and Interpol office. He was taken under heavy guard to a military prison in Guatemala's capital on Sunday.
“I have no comment, thank you,” Duarte said to a question from The Associated Press as he entered the prison.
In the past, Duarte has denied the allegations against him, saying he had not stolen a single peso of state money or diverted government funds overseas.
“I don't have foreign accounts,” he said last year. “I don't have properties anywhere.”
Authorities think he entered Guatemala by land in November or earlier, and traveled between the city of Antigua and other provinces where he had properties.
“During the investigation, it came to light that various private airlines offering services to the region were charged with transporting (Duarte) to different points in Guatemala,” said Garcia Harfuch.
Garcia Harfuch did not provide the names of the network of people who helped Duarte from Mexico City. But authorities in Mexico vowed to recover the money Duarte allegedly stole and bring to justice his accomplices.
“The network of accomplices and strawmen” who helped Duarte must be brought to justice, said Alberto Elias Beltran, the deputy legal prosecutor for international affairs at Mexico's Attorney General's Office.
Political analyst Alejandro Hope said it is difficult to judge whether Duarte's capture — the second in a week of a high-profile, fugitive former PRI governor — will boost PRI President Enrique Pena Nieto's image in fighting corruption.
“In the best case it will give him a small boost in the short term but it also draws attention to the corruption of the governors,” said Hope. And Duarte “knows a lot of things about a lot of people.”
Duarte was governor of Veracruz from 2010 until he left office Oct. 12, 2016, two months before the scheduled end of his term, saying he was doing so in order to face the allegations against him. But he promptly disappeared and had been sought by Mexican authorities ever since.
Mexico says it has found millions of dollars purportedly linked to Duarte, frozen more than 100 bank accounts and seized property and businesses tied to the former governor. A reward of 15 million pesos ($730,000) had been offered for his capture.
Duarte has also been criticized for rampant violence in the state during his administration, as drug cartels warred for territory and thousands of people were killed or disappeared. The dead include at least 16 journalists slain in Veracruz during his six years in office.
His detention comes a week after Tomas Yarrington, the ex-governor of Mexico's Tamaulipas state, was arrested in Italy, also on allegations of organized crime and money laundering.
Another ex-governor, Cesar Duarte of Chihuahua state, is also wanted on suspicion of corruption and is said to have fled to El Paso, Texas. He is not related to Javier Duarte.
All three ex-governors were members of Pena Nieto's PRI.
The party, which expelled Javier Duarte on Oct. 25, 2016, applauded his arrest.
“The PRI calls for all the relevant investigations to be carried out and, respecting due process, for the ex-governor of Veracruz to be punished in an exemplary fashion, as well as anyone who is confirmed to have taken part in his criminal ring,” it said in a statement.
Aleexandra Kefren, an 18-year-old from Romania, made global headlines by auctioning off her virginity for $1 million. Since then, an anonymous businessman has offered the teen over $2 million. Kefren...
US scientists stranded in Antarctica rescued BUENOS AIRES, Argentina — A group of American scientists who were stranded in an ice-bound island off the northeastern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula were rescued Sunday by an Argentine...
Penguins capture epic selfie in Antarctica Penguins in Antarctica seized the opportunity for a selfie when an Australian researcher left his camera on the ice. The expeditioner, Eddie Gault, was visiting the Auster Rookery, where a...
Scientists to explore hidden water world exposed by iceberg's split This is a whole new world. When Iceberg A68 calved off from Antarctica's Larsen C Ice Shelf in July 2017, it exposed an entire underwater ecosystem that had been covered...
Couple announces baby from most exotic location on Earth A couple who promised each other they would visit all seven continents before having children just announced their pregnancy — in Antarctica. Travel writer Jordi Lippe-McGraw and Nickelodeon exec Ross...
How a Jersey teen stowaway became an international celebrity A few minutes past 4 a.m. on Aug. 25, 1928, 17-year-old Billy Gawronski dove into the Hudson River and swam out to board a ship called the City of New...
Giant, muscle-bound penguin ruled prehistoric bird world WASHINGTON — Scientists have unearthed in New Zealand fossil bones of what might be the heavyweight champion of the penguin world, a bird nearly 6 feet tall that thrived 55...
Discovery in Antarctica changes everything we know about aliens Bacteria discovered on the icy continent of Antarctica is set to change the way humanity looks for alien life on other planets. To date, our search for habitable worlds that...
Something is boiling beneath Antarctica's ice sheets Antarctica is a weird place. Scientists have long studied the behavior of its massive ice sheets and the land underneath them in the hopes of understanding the unique geological quirks...
Only two chicks survived this penguin colony's breeding season A colony of about 40,000 Adélie penguins in Antarctica suffered a “catastrophic breeding event” after French scientists discovered only two chicks survived at the start of the year — the...
Paul Cook has warned new-boy Devante Cole he will have to fight his way into the Wigan Athletic squad - let alone starting line-up.
Cole joined Latics on deadline-day from Fleetwood, for whom he's scored 12 goals already this term.
But Cook admits Will Grigg and fellow January new-boy James Vaughan will take some shifting in the striking pecking order.
“Devante's a player who a lot of clubs will have been monitoring,” said Cook.
“Possibly it was one we didn't really have to do, because we're in a great place.
“I've spoken to Devante and his father about the situation.
“He's not one for the future, he's one for today, but he'll have to be patient.
“It's not a case of ‘let's get him into the team', because the lads in the side have deserved their place.
“They deserve the opportunity to try and see this through – albeit with the help of a quality addition.”
Cole may make the bench for this weekend's visit of Gillingham.
“People who know me know not to expect many changes,” added Cook.
“It's all about repetition, and the players are in a good place at the moment.”
Houston Astros' George Springer (4) and Jose Altuve (27) celebrate after they scored on teammate Carlos Correa's double in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
HOUSTON (AP) — Carlos Correa, Jose Altuve and the high-powered Astros led the majors in runs, hits and batting average in the regular season.
Now that it's playoff time, Houston is still hammering away.
Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Altuve got two more hits and the Astros battered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in Major League Baseball's AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the same score.
"One through nine, everybody can do damage, everybody can go deep," Correa said. "That's the good thing about our lineup, there are no holes in our lineup, and we feel very confident no matter if we went 0 for 4 the day before or if we went 4 for 4."
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park, a year after Boston was swept in the ALDS by Cleveland. Brad Peacock (13-2) starts for Houston against Doug Fister (5-9).
"We couldn't really script it any better," Keuchel said.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, he got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when he launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
"For me if he's not No. 1, he's No. 2 in the league," Altuve said of Correa, often referring to him as his little brother. "One of the best players, I'm really happy to have him on my team. Believe it or not I have learned from him."
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven to improve to 3-0 with a 0.96 ERA in three career postseason starts.
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second, the Astros started to break away.
Springer hit his first postseason homer when he sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field.
So is Red Sox manager John Farrell surprised that the series has been this lopsided so far?
"They're very good, they're deep, and they have got a number of ways to beat you," he said. "So we fully respect and understood the opponent, and they're playing like that."
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the third, making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz's first career postseason start after two relief appearances. The lefty kept his head down as he trudged toward the dugout after being lifted.
David Price, the starter-turned-reliever with the $217 million contract, pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox. Following his exit, Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth.
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve, the major league batting champion this season, led to a two-run double by Correa. The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston's years-long rebuilding project raised his hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as he stopped at second base.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when he caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as he tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from him and he was charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Left-hander Keuchel had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like this start might be a short one. But he struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight he retired.
More Brooklyn cops will start using body cams in June, NYPD officials said Monday.
“Next month, [more] officers in Brooklyn will begin wearing the cameras, followed by more precincts in each of the five boroughs in successive
months through the fall,” Police Commissioner James O'Neill said at a City Council hearing on public safety.
The police already had a much smaller pilot program for the cameras that started in 2014. The body-cams were mandated by a judge who found that city cops were violating the civil rights of men and women — the majority of whom were African American or Hispanic — during stop-and-frisks.
O'Neill said more body cams were then given to officers in Inwood and Washington Heights in Manhattan in April so the
NYPD could better evaluate their use.
The program expanding in Brooklyn and elsewhere “is much more extensive than was required by the court,” O'Neill noted. “And as a
department, we have been eager to move forward on this.”
He said about 1,200 cops in 20 commands would wear the cameras during the expanded pilot.
Within two years, he said, all patrol cops will be wearing them.
“This is the evolution of policing,” he said. “And we have to evolve.
Because if we're not evolving, we're not moving forward as a police department, or as a city.”
Cops will likely have to notify people when they are recording except in certain situations, suggested rules released by the NYPD last month
show.
Additional reporting by Rich Calder
Boats, blazers and bellinis are out in force with the start of one of the world's most famous regattas.
Thousands of people are expected to watch rowers battle it out on the River Thames in Oxfordshire over the next five days as part of the Henley Royal Regatta.
The event - which first started in 1839 - attracts participants including Olympians, university and school teams and novices.
Image copyright PA Image caption Visitors do their best to get the best view of the action, whether on land...
Image copyright PA Image caption ...or on water
Image copyright PA Image caption Colourful blazers are the order of the day as spectators gather to watch the rowing at the regatta
Image copyright PA Image caption Crews have come from around the UK and all over the world
Image copyright PA Image caption The regatta was first held in 1839 and takes place every year
Image copyright PA Image caption The popular social event attracts thousands of people to the town
Image copyright PA Image caption The organisers promise "charming views of Henley and the River Thames"
Image copyright PA Image caption Some like to get closer to the action
Image copyright PA Image caption More than 200 races will take place at the event
Image copyright PA Image caption Participants include both Olympic rowers and novices
Image copyright PA Image caption Only the mightiest teams can win...
Image copyright PA Image caption ...and all are going for glory
The regatta runs until Sunday.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a metal container says her captor bragged that he was good at killing people and warned her she could be next if she fought back or ran.
Kala Brown says she did what she had to do to survive.
Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of “Dr. Phil,” that Todd Kohlhepp raped her twice daily.
This week's episodes mark the first time she's talked publicly since her Nov. 3 rescue.
Brown and her boyfriend had been missing since Aug. 31, when they went to Kohlhepp's rural property, thinking they were going to clear underbrush.
Her rescue solved other crimes. Kohlhepp is charged with killing Brown's boyfriend, a couple missing since December 2015 and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
- Advertisement -
TUNIS, Tunisia — A woman from Tunisia's moderate Islamic party was elected on Tuesday as mayor of the capital city, Tunis, the first time a woman holds the post.
Souad Abderrahim, a 54-year-old pharmacist of the Ennahdha party, won the post in the second round of voting by the municipal council. She defeated her top rival, Kamel Idir, of the party Nida Tounes, founded by the Tunisian president.
Abderrahim, a former lawmaker and militant for women's rights, doesn't wear a veil. She was the only winner so far among a half-dozen women from the Ennahdha party who competed for mayoral posts in the region around Tunis.
Tunisia's municipal elections were held May 6, but newly-elected municipal councils are only now voting for mayors.
In 2016, Ennahdha declared that it was separating politics from religion, stepping away from the notion of political Islam typically embodied by Islamic parties.
Abderrahim said in an interview with The Associated Press during campaigning that cleaning up the capital and planting trees would be her first priority.
She also said that the female candidates put forth by her party constitute a “message aimed at reassuring the women of my country” that advances made by women in the North African nation would not be compromised by her party.
Tunisia has been the most advanced among Arab nations regarding women's rights since gaining independence from France in 1956, with its first president Habib Bourguiba enshrining some principles of equality of men and women in the constitution.
Presidential and parliamentary elections are set for 2019.
Go inside Keith Uban's studio and see how his new single "Coming Home" was written and recorded!
Video of Keith Urban - The Making of "Coming Home" from Graffiti U
You can see Urban and Kelsea Ballerini when his Graffiti U tour stops at DTE Energy Music Theatre on Friday, June 22.
The womanizing, gambling-loving spy who inspired James Bond “My name is Popov, Dusko Popov.” Well, it doesn't have the same bite as “My name is Bond, James Bond,” but Dusko Popov, a Yugoslavian double agent during World War...
6 actors who were almost cast as James Bond Over the past five decades, six actors have stepped onto the big screen as the ageless agent 007, beginning with Sean Connery in 1962's “Dr. No.” After Connery, George Lazenby,...
FAIRFAX, Va. — Otis Livingston II was 7-for-10 shooting and scored 17 points to help George Mason to a 77-65 win against North Carolina Central on Saturday.
Raasean Davis scored the first eight points for the Eagles before Jaire Grayer's jumper put George Mason (5-5) ahead for good. Grayer's basket began a 14-7 run and the Patriots led 20-13 after Goanar Mar's jumper. Greg Calixte's tip-in off an offensive rebound extended the lead to 33-22 with 2:17 before halftime.
The Patriots led by double figures for most of the second half and ended a two-game skid. Justin Kier scored 14 points, Mar, 13 and Grayer, 10. George Mason was 29 of 55 from the field (53 per cent). It was George Mason's second win in its last six games.
Davis tied a career high with 21 points and eight rebounds and Pablo Rivas scored 13 for NC Central (4-7) now 1-6 on the road.
Zee and husband Ben Aaron are the proud parents of 1-year-old Adrian, who is excited to meet his little brother.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
A huge moorland fire which is "continuing to burn" despite efforts by the fire service is being investigated as arson, police have said.
Greater Manchester Police said people were seen lighting a bonfire on the moors near Stalybridge on 24 June, shortly before a call was made to the fire service.
This breaking news story is being updated and more details will be published shortly. Please refresh the page for the fullest version.
You can receive Breaking News on a smartphone or tablet via the BBC News App. You can also follow @BBCBreaking on Twitter to get the latest alerts.
BARRIE, Ont. — GO Transit says a fatality near its Barrie South station has halted train service in the area.
The agency says police are at the scene and trains will not be able to move until given the green light by investigators.
It says that could take a few hours.
Metrolinx spokeswoman Anne Marie Aikins says GO Transit is working with first responders to restore full service as fast as possible.
First Lady Melania Trump took to Twitter on Wednesday to dispel rumors about her health, which have swirled following her kidney surgery earlier this month.
“I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing,” the First Lady tweeted. “Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w/my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!”
Trump, 48, has not been seen in public since May 10, four days before she underwent the procedure at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on May 14.
However, she was spotted around the White House as recently as Tuesday afternoon.
A reporter for CNBC tweeted Wednesday that he saw the First Lady walking with her aides in the West Wing.
“Not that this will deter the conspiracy theorists, but I saw the First Lady walking with her aides in the West Wing yesterday afternoon,” the correspondent, Eamon Javers, wrote.
BAGHDAD — Two American soldiers have been killed while conducting combat operations in Iraq, the U.S. military said Sunday, adding that "initial reports indicate the incident was not due to enemy contact."
Five other soldiers were wounded, it said in a statement, without providing further details. It did not identify the soldiers.
Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the commander of U.S. forces battling the Islamic State group in Iraq, said the coalition "sends our deepest condolences to these heroes' families, friends and teammates."
An Iraqi flag flies in Mosul on July 9. Anadolu Agency / Getty Images file
More than 5,000 U.S. troops are taking part in the war against IS in Iraq, according the Pentagon. The vast majority operate within heavily guarded bases, collecting and sharing intelligence with Iraqi forces and providing logistical support.
But as the fight has evolved over the past three years, more and more U.S. troops are operating close to the front lines. In addition to the two troops killed Sunday, five other U.S. troops have been killed in Iraq in the fight against IS, including two in the battle to retake the northern city of Mosul.
Related: Battle to Recapture Marawi, Philippines, From ISIS Is Warning for Asia
More than 1,200 Iraqi forces were killed in the battle for Mosul and more than 6,000 wounded, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said earlier this month.
Iraq's prime minister declared victory against IS in Mosul in July, and Iraqi forces are now preparing to retake the IS-held town of Tel Afar, to the west.
(Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP). Calgary Flames' Mark Giordano, left, celebrates a goal against the Anaheim Ducks with Mikael Backlund, from Sweden, during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey Stanley Cup playoff series i...
(Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP). Anaheim Ducks' Rickard Rakell, bottom, from Sweden, hits Calgary Flames' Mark Giordano during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey Stanley Cup playoff series in Calgary, Alberta, Monday, A...
(Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP). Anaheim Ducks' Shea Theodore, left, celebrates his goal against the Calgary Flames with Corey Perry, center, and Nate Thompson during the third period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey Stanley Cup playof...
(Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP). Anaheim Ducks' Corey Perry, right, celebrates his overtime goal against the Calgary Flames with Ryan Kesler during overtime in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey Stanley Cup playoff series in Calgary, Albert...
(Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP). Anaheim Ducks' Corey Perry, right, celebrates his goal against the Calgary Flames with Ryan Kesler during overtime in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey Stanley Cup playoff series in Calgary, Alberta, Monday...
CALGARY, Alberta (AP) - Corey Perry scored 1:30 into overtime and the Anaheim Ducks rallied from three goals down to beat the Calgary Flames 5-4 Monday night, taking a 3-0 series lead in the first-round series.
Perry's sharp-angled shot deflected off several players and past Flames goalie Brian Elliott.
Shea Theodore had two goals, Nate Thompson had a goal and two assists, and Nick Ritchie also scored for the Ducks. Rickard Rakell, Kevin Bieksa and Hampus Lindholm each had two assists.
John Gibson gave up four goals on 16 shots before he was replaced by Jonathan Bernier in the second period. Bernier stopped all 16 shots he faced.
Sean Monahan had a goal and an assist, and Kris Versteeg, Sam Bennett and Michael Stone also scored for Calgary. Mikael Backlund and T.J. Brodie each had two assists, and Elliott finished with 22 saves.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
The Flames started stronger, were more disciplined and sharper in the faceoff circle than they were in a pair of 3-2 losses to open the series in Anaheim. Calgary built a 4-1 lead midway through the second period, scoring three power-play goals on five chances.
However, the Theodore got the Ducks' comeback started with 49 seconds left in the middle period as his wrist shot from the boards deflected off Elliott's left pad and into the net.
Thompson deflected Lindholm's shot from inside the blue line under Elliott with 8:46 left in the third to pull Anaheim within one, and Theodore scored his second goal of the game on a shot from the point to tie it with 4:21 remaining.
Monahan, on Gibson's doorstep, converted Troy Brouwer's feed from behind the net into his third power-play goal of the series to get the Flames on the scoreboard first at 2:10 into the game.
Versteeg banged a rebound by a sprawling Gibson during a goal-mouth scrum on a power play at 9:18 for a 2-0 lead.
Ritchie cut Anaheim's deficit in half with 4:27 remaining in the first, knocking in a rebound off Antoine Vermette's shot from the top of the faceoff circle.
Stone scored even-strength at 4:34 of the second, threading a shot through traffic and past Gibson stick side, and Mark Giordano's shot from the point deflected off Bennett's foot for a 4-1 Calgary lead at 8:33.
Giordano was soundly booed in Anaheim because of a regular-season collision with Cam Fowler that took Anaheim's big-minute defenseman out of their lineup to start this series.
NOTES: Ducks D Sami Vatanen participated in the morning skate, but was scratched a second straight game. He sustained an upper-body injury when he was checked by Calgary's Lance Bouma in Game 1. ... Fowler skated after his teammates in the morning. Ducks coach Randy Carlyle indicated the 25-year-old is recovering from his knee injury, but did not provide a timetable for Fowler's return. "We think that he's on pace to be available to us some time here shortly," Carlyle said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Satnavs and golf clubs were among items stolen in a spate of thefts from cars in Grantham overnight at the weekend.
Police say five separate incidents took place overnight on Saturday and Sunday. Among the items stolen were sat navs from vehicles in Queensway, Wroxhall Drive and Princess Drive, sunglasses and golf clubs from Neals Crescent, and a laptop from Winchester Road.
A spokesman for Lincolnshire Police said that in the majority of cases the vehicles had been left insecure and police are reminding motorists ‘to review their security'.
The police has advice for motorists to reduce the risk of theft from vehicles at www.lincs.police.uk
Zachary Cruz in an arrest photo Monday. Broward County, Florida, Sheriff's Office
- Advertisement -
The Broward County Sheriff's Office said in an arrest report that Zachary Cruz, 18, “surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds” and told investigators that he visited the school to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in.”
The arrest report said school officials had previously ordered him to stay away from the campus in the town of Parkland.
Related:
These are the 17 victims of the Parkland school shooting
The sheriff's office said Cruz was recorded on the school's security cameras. It said the school would seek to prosecute Cruz, whose bond was set at $25.
Nikolas Cruz
could face the death penalty on 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack on the school on Feb. 14.
By Tim Stannard
1) Champions League draw offers nightmare for PSG
Thump...thump...thump...
Thump…
THUMP!
No, not another Manchester United against Manchester City post-match brawl - more on that later - but Unai Emery banging his head on his PSG office desk after hearing the results of the Champions League draw for the Last 16 on Monday.
The one sporting area that Coach Unai really, really, really needs to deliver this season to keep his job beyond the summer is the Champions League, with a semifinal spot a bare minimum. Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not brought in for hundreds of millions just for the French club to 'pull an Arsenal' and fall at the first knockout hurdle.
The round of 16 #UCLdraw has been made 😍
Backing your team to progress? pic.twitter.com/v7I6dSq7Tc — ★ #UCLdraw ★ (@ChampionsLeague) December 11, 2017
But that could happen, as PSG have been drawn against Real Madrid, a team that has some pedigree in the tournament, it's fair to say. Then again, Madrid - currently in Abu Dhabi - may not be entirely happy with the draw either having seen what the old PSG are capable of with the hammering of Barcelona last season.
Basically, the stakes are higher than an order of filet mignon at the top of the Eiffel Tower. Head to beIN SPORTS USA Facebook live page at 1PM ET / 10AM PT for a special look at the draw.
2) City take low road as Barcelona face Stamford Bridge battle
Barcelona won't exactly be doing cartwheels either with the Camp Nou club being drawn against Chelsea, with the first leg at Stamford Bridge. However, one big factor could be in the La Liga club's advantage with Ousmane Dembele back in the ranks after injury.
The happier - but cautious in public - clubs will be Manchester City who have drawn Basel and Bayern Munich who have Besiktas – reward for the Germans coming second in their Champions League group. The confused will be Juventus and Tottenham who are paired off, Porto and Liverpool, Shakhtar and Roma as well as Sevilla and Manchester United, the remainder of the pairings. The Champions League returns in the middle of February.
CHELSEA-BARÇA @ChampionsLeague Round of 16 dates & times:
1st LEG: February 20, Stamford Bridge
2nd LEG: March 14, Camp Noupic.twitter.com/aV624Taf0M — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) December 11, 2017
Tune into a special edition of the Locker Room where our experts make their picks and predictions for the last 16 – from 7:30PM ET / 4:30PM PT.
3) Milan continue Champions League spot chase
But that wasn't the only ball-picking based excitement to come out of Europe this morning. Oh no. The Europa League final 32 was also drawn, a roster of clubs including some European big cheeses…and Milan.
#UELdraw
We're going to face @Ludogorets1945 in the UEFA Europa League Round of 32!
Nei sedicesimi di Europa League sfideremo il Ludogorets! pic.twitter.com/dTmMjWD6k2 — AC Milan (@acmilan) December 11, 2017
The Serie A side have landed Bulgarian outfit, Ludogorets. Fellow Italian sides are involved in juicier ties with Napoli taking on RB Leipzig in a battle of third-paced dropouts. Atalanta will be up against Borussia Dortmund and their brand-new boss. Arsenal are at Ostersunds (from Sweden) while Lyon have Villarreal. All in all...the Europa League is officially bags of fun this year, so get with the program Daddy-o.
4) Real Madrid chase a keeper of a keeper in Kepa
So much to cover…so little time. So here goes. Real Madrid are odds on to sign Kepa who's a real keeper of a keeper from Athletic this winter. Manchester police are listening out for any reports of a giant United v City fist-flying bust up after Sunday's derby.
Romelu Lukaku reportedly threw a bottle of milk in the tunnel as Man City and United players clashed after the game...
But it missed the target and hit Jose Mourinho instead. 😂 pic.twitter.com/PbnVDaKLiG — Football Trolls (@Footballltrolls) December 11, 2017
Milan CEO, Marco Fassone, has admitted that the club will have trouble meeting UEFA's Financial Fair Play conditions, and yes it did sign too many players last summer.
And there are some games today! Over on beIN SPORTS at 3PM ET / 12PM PT it's Lazio v Torino with Rome outfit hoping to take advantage of all the other title rivals managing goalless draws this weekend. Espanyol versus Girona on beIN SPORTS ESPANYOL at the same time, if something Spanish is your taste. Catch all the best action and reaction on the XTRA at 7PM ET / 4PM PT.
WHAT IS SPORTS BURST?
The life philosophy of Sports Burst is that if you are not upsetting someone, then you are not trying hard enough. SB is a daily trawl and troll through the morning's sports news to bring you fact-nuggets to make you both smile and swear. Hopefully at the same time.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Washington's rumor mill is working overtime on the fate of presidential aide Steve Bannon, who is said to be at the center of the rampant White House infighting. When I asked the president Tuesday afternoon if he still has confidence in Bannon, who took over the campaign in mid-August, I did not get a definitive yes.
“I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late,” Trump said. “I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors, and I didn't know Steve. I'm my own strategist and it wasn't like I was going to change strategies because I was facing crooked Hillary.”
He ended by saying, “Steve is a good guy, but I told them to straighten it out or I will.”
These sneakers come with free subway travel for a year Adidas has found a way to make traveling easier and a lot more fashionable — by slapping train tickets on the tongues of its sneakers. The German-based manufacturer is releasing...
Under Armour's stock plunges as results hit by Nike, Adidas Under Armour slashed 2017 forecasts and reported its first quarterly fall in revenue since going public as the sportswear firm struggled against fierce competition from Nike and Adidas in North...
Rick Pitino suddenly turns on Adidas in effort to play dumb The FBI isn't the only one going after Adidas for its part in the corruption of college basketball. Former Louisville coach Rick Pitino filed a pair of lawsuits against the...
I've gotten rape threats over my hairy legs: model A Swedish model said she received rape threats after appearing in a new sneaker ad campaign — all because she showed off her unshaven legs. “My photo from the Adidas...
Louisville was a financial mess, and Rick Pitino the beneficiary Rick Pitino's shady dealings may have boosted his own wallet, let alone his team's success. A deeper dive into Louisville's finances revealed 98 percent of the money from the athletic...
Sneaker pimps make mockery of integrity at NCAA institutions Tuesday, big-time college “student-athletics,” in sweeping Federal arrests and indictments, again was revealed as the fraud it is, worsened by the purchased authority — payola — over extra-vulnerable kids, adult...
Sonny Vaccaro sees 'human opportunity' in NCAA hoops scandal One man believes the timing is right. Now is when major changes to the entire collegiate athletic system should be — and need to be — discussed. The wide-ranging bribery...
Nike sales sag as Adidas continues to soar The Nike-Adidas battle hasn't been much of a fight in recent quarters. Nike, the world's best-selling sneaker brand, has stumbled badly in North America in recent quarters as its designers...
FBI sting has Louisville in its crosshairs Assistant coaches from four major colleges were arrested Tuesday as part of an FBI investigation into corruption in college basketball, but those programs are not alone. The FBI complaint includes...
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – There are only a couple of days left to register your child to attend the Dream Academy Charter School in Macon.
The school is set to open at 151 Madison Street in the Pleasant Hill community this fall.
- Advertisement -
Parents interested in enrolling their child must apply by Friday, June 1st.
Tours of the campus will be available tomorrow and Friday. Families can learn about everything the school offers including its discipline, and safety procedures.
You can get more information at the school Thursday and Friday from 10 AM to 3 PM and 4 PM to 7 PM.
Here's a link to Dream Academy's website.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — A Southwest Airlines pilot has been arrested on a weapons charge in New York after airport security officers found a loaded handgun in his carry-on bag.
Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says 55-year-old Erik Gibson was slated to pilot a flight to Tampa, Florida, on Monday morning when Transportation Security Administration officers found the gun during routine screening.
Apple says Gibson, who's from Louisiana, told authorities he forgot he was carrying the gun. He had flown to Albany from New Orleans on Sunday but had gone through a crew line that didn't have security screening.
Apple said Gibson was charged with misdemeanor weapon possession and released on $200 bail.
Officials don't know if he has a lawyer, and Southwest didn't reply to an email seeking comment.
It was the second gun found by Albany baggage screeners in four weeks.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Population Emergency
Dec 7 2017 (Dawn, Pakistan) - There is no doubt that conducting a population census is an important planning and development tool for a country's policymakers. It is similar to when young parents plan for the future of their newborn child by taking frequent measurements of the baby's height and weight to benchmark its physical and mental development. How¬ever, for a child born in Pakistan today the census highlights some crucial aspects: geography to a large extent will determine future opportunities, while gender will determine the access to resources.
In terms of geography, by and large the country continues to be agrarian with over 64 per cent of the population residing in the rural areas, with one major anomaly and that is Sindh where 52pc of the population is urbanised. It is important to juxtapose this figure with the growth in the agricultural sector, which has shown an erratic pattern ranging from 0.5pc in the previous year to 3.5pc in the current year, while the norm over the past decade has been for the agricultural growth rate to hover around 2.5pc, according to the Pakistan Bureau of Statistics. This has several implications, first in terms of food security and second in terms of distribution of income.
60pc of the population in Pakistan is younger than 30.
It appears on both counts that Pakistan's performance hasn't been that great, as wheat production has shown lacklustre growth over the past few years, while rice production has actually declined. According to the World Food Programme, two-thirds of Pakistanis cannot afford a balanced diet. Interestingly enough, Sindh which is the most urbanised province in Pakistan, also has the highest incidence of malnourished and underdeveloped children, making it the most food-insecure region in terms of distribution and access to staple foods.
Overall, 44pc of children in Pakistan are stunted according to the National Nutrition Survey 2011. In other words, these children will be more susceptible to disease, will do poorly in school and will most likely earn less than adults than their better nourished peers. All of these are major non-starters and signify immense lost opportunities for a child born in a rural household in Pakistan today.
In Amartya Sen's analysis of the gender ratio in India, he posited that India had lost 100 million women due to extreme neglect of the girl child and lack of investment in women. Science tells us that when females are given the same care as males, females tend to have better survival rates than males across all age cohorts.
The recent census places the gender ratio in the population at 105, which implies there are 95 women for 100 males in the population. In a country with a gender equitable environment, this ratio would be close to 101, implying that in Pakistan consistent underinvestment in women and girls has resulted in high mortality rates for females at all levels.
There can be no doubt that there is strong correlation between low literacy rates for women, their overall lack of empowerment, high fertility rates with low birth spacing, poor access to healthcare facilities and ultimately child and maternal health.
The above results highlight that an absence of a census can only lead to poor management along with ineffective short- and long-term policies. If the government is not aware of the actual population growth rate, it cannot run the state for the welfare of the common person. Unfortunately, for the Pakistani government, all the development planning for the last 19 years has been done without knowledge about the actual growth or size of the population.
A delayed census only highlights the inherent flaws in our planning process. The marginal value of public investments in a resource-hungry environment cannot be calculated, and often short-term projects gain primacy over long-term priorities.
Millions in Pakistan will continue to be deprived of proper education, adequate medical facilities, water and sanitation systems, and remain without gainful employment, thus exposing many to become cannon fodder for criminal networks or radical groups. Moreover, 60pc of the population in Pakistan is younger than 30 and unemployment and under-employment is on the rise. If stringent family planning measures are not taken in order to curb the birth rate, the country's future is in jeopardy.
The only path towards progress and improving Pakistan's dire socioeconomic conditions is through declaring population control a national emergency, while ensuring that the welfare of women is kept at the centre of any population planning strategy. Similarly, based on reliable census data, Pakistan needs to devise well-knit, objective policies to adequately plan growth and solve the country's apparently insurmountable socioeconomic problems. It is hoped that the government realises its priorities and responsibilities.
The writer is founder and managing director of Kashf Foundation.
This story was originally published by Dawn, Pakistan
Over 60,000 Candidates To Re-Write JAMB – Examination Board
The Joint Examination and Matriculation Board, JAMB, has delisted a total of 62,140 candidates and some computer-based centres, CBT, from board examination over organised examination malpractice and other offences. The examination board revealed that over 60,000 candidates of the examination will have the opportunity to retake the examniation come July 1. The board while speaking…
The post Over 60,000 Candidates To Re-Write JAMB – Examination Board appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Words by Tristan Kennedy | Photos by Dan Medhurst
We can hear the snow cats well before we can see them. The grumble of their low-ratio diesel engines, the clank and clatter of their tracks. Using head torches, we start to unload our bags from the bus, working quickly to keep warm in the subzero temperatures.
And then they emerge from the woods, lights blazing, wheels whirring, gearboxes clunking as they climb the final incline: Two small, snub-nosed, tank-like machines that look like it might have been designed for driving on the moon. These rickety-looking vehicles will provide our transport for the next week, and also our only connection to the outside world.
“These rickety-looking vehicles will provide our transport for the next week, and also our only connection to the outside world.”
Jumping in snow cats to ride the last few miles through a frozen forest is far from your average ski resort transfer, but then the place we're heading is far from your average ski resort. In fact, it's pretty far from anything.
This is Vostochnyy Polyus, which means the East Pole in Russian – an apt name for this remote cat-skiing lodge. Located in the Altai Mountains, where the borders of Russia, China, Mongolia and Kazakhstan meet, it's a place that takes some getting to.
“They're small, snub-nosed, tank-like machines that look like they might have been designed for driving on the moon.”
An eight-hour flight from London via Kiev gets you to Kazakhstan's largest city, Almaty. From there, you fly northwards for a further hour and a half across the empty vastness of the Central Asian steppe to Ust-Kamenogorsk.
This slightly down-on-its-luck city was a centre for the mining and metallurgical industries in Soviet times, but the mountains it gets its ore from are still a two-and-a-half hour drive away. So if, like us, you want to go snowboarding, you then pile into a bus which takes you down a series of increasingly icy and increasingly remote roads.
The snow drifts on the roadsides get higher the further we get from town. At one point our driver slows down to let a hunter in arctic camouflage cross. He's got an old, bolt-action rifle and wooden skis with actual animal skins on the bottom – technology that hasn't been seen in the West since the 1950s. When we finally arrive in the small town of Ridder and transfer to the snow cats, we really do feel like we're in the middle of nowhere.
Details by CNBC on 30 May 2018 in newsprint
Print Email
VANCOUVER/TORONTO, May 17 (Reuters) – The weak human rights record of one of Africa's poorest countries is coming between Lundin Mining Corp and its pursuit of a prized European copper and gold asset.
Cash-rich Lundin's latest run at fellow Canadian miner Nevsun Resources Ltd is designed to bag the Timok project in Serbia, but it had to bring on a partner to pick up Nevsun's Bisha mine in Eritrea.
That is because Lundin Mining's board of directors, chaired by billionaire resources tycoon Lukas Lundin, refuses to invest in Eritrea, according to four people familiar with, but not able to speak publicly on, the matter.
They will not own the Eritrean mine "for even one second," one of the people said. That stance is not necessarily a dealbreaker, said an investor who declined to be named.
Lundin Mining's biggest shareholder is a private investment company owned by a Lundin family trust, with a near 13-percent stake, Thomson Reuters data shows.
Nevsun, Lundin and partner Euro Sun Mining Inc, a tiny mine developer whose stock several Nevsun shareholders are not keen to own, declined to comment.
Last week, Lundin Mining disclosed that it partnered with Euro Sun on a C$1.5 billion ($1.17 billion) cash and stock proposal to buy Nevsun. Under that plan, Lundin would own the European assets of Nevsun, including Timok, and Euro Sun would own the rest of Nevsun, including the Bisha mine in Eritrea.
Nevsun rejected the "inadequate" proposal, which is not a formal bid.
Eritrea's national service program was likened "to slavery in its effects" by the United Nations in 2015, an allegation the government rejects.Ruled by a former Marxist guerrilla leader since its independence from Ethiopia, Eritrea sees conscription as crucial to its security.
In a 2014 lawsuit, Eritreans allege they were forced to work at Nevsun's Bisha mine between 2008 and 2012. Nevsun, which appealed to Canada's Supreme Court in January to throw out the case, has said its investment in Eritrea brings social and economic benefits.
Lundin Mining belongs to the Swedish-Canadian Lundin family's global empire of copper, diamond, gold and oil companies, which has previously invested in such higher-risk jurisdictions as the Democratic Republic of Congo.
'Cautious'
The family has become more cautious, the people said, with an ongoing investigation into allegations that Stockholm-listed Lundin Petroleum was complicit in crimes against international humanitarian law in Sudan between 1997 and 2003. Lundin Petroleum denies any wrongdoing.
In January, police searched company offices in Stockholm and Geneva and the Lundin family office in Geneva. No charges have been laid in the investigation, which began in 2010.
"Lukas is highly sensitive to this," a second person said.
Several sizeable Nevsun shareholders are concerned about Lundin's tie-up with Euro Sun, a potential hurdle to any future deal. Euro Sun has no operations and its core asset is an undeveloped Romanian gold property.
Euro Sun "is not exactly a piece of paper that I am looking forward to holding for a long time," said Nevsun shareholder Adrian Day, president of Adrian Day Asset Management.
A better partner would have been a Chinese miner, which tend to have bigger risk appetites, with state backing for a cash bid, said Rick Rule, CEO of Sprott U.S. Holdings, a unit of Nevsun's eighth-largest shareholder, Sprott Inc.
Lundin Mining has been trying to acquire the high-grade Timok property for two years to boost production. Its proposal with Euro Sun is the fourth advance that Nevsun has rejected this year, but the first to include the Eritrean mine.
Lifted by hopes of a "white knight" bidder, Nevsun stock neared C$5 a share on the Lundin-Euro Sun proposal last week, but by Thursday had deflated to C$4.45.
"For many companies out there, Bisha is the poison pill," said Filipe Martins, analyst at Nevsun's second-biggest shareholder, M&G Investment, which has called the Lundin-Euro Sun proposal "pretty fair".
($1 = 1.2778 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by Susan Taylor in Toronto and Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Additional reporting by John Tilak in Toronto; Editing by Susan Thomas)
America's social-justice movement has reached a critical turning point. The left's bravest young warriors for change have turned . . . back to 1989 and borrowed costumes from Janet Jackson's “Rhythm Nation”...
Protesters targeted the mimosa-and-eggs-Benedict crowd on Sunday, invading restaurants to make the curious link between brunch and police brutality. The anti-omelette activists dubbed their movement “Black Brunch” and sought to...
SAN DIEGO — For most of the game, it seemed like it was Jock Landale all by himself against the entire San Diego Toreros team.
The big Australian senior had 34 points and tied his season high with 18 rebounds — he had a double-double by halftime — and the No. 13 Saint Mary's Gaels held off USD 65-62 on Saturday night to extend their school-record winning streak to 18.
One of Landale's biggest shots of the night came when he powered into the key for a layup with one minute left to help keep the rallying Toreros just at arm's length.
“There are very few of those guys that you can actually just keep going to in the post, they're not going to double, they're going to make him beat them,” Saint Mary's coach Randy Bennett said. “He can do it.”
The Gaels (23-2, 12-0 West Coast Conference) have the nation's second-longest winning streak. No. 3 Purdue won its 19th straight on Saturday.
“I don't care about 18 straight, but it's a great win,” Bennett said. “When league started, we were like, ‘This is going to be a tough one to get done down in San Diego because they're good.' Lamont's (coach Smith) doing a great job.”
USD coach Lamont Smith was impressed with the 6-foot-11 Landale.
“We thought if we could let Landale get 100 and lock up the rest of the guys we may give ourselves a chance,” Smith joked. “And he's a load. He's hard to guard. He did everything he could to keep his team in the game and then some, but our guys kept battling and battling. We're not into moral victories, but our guys, if they're going to battle like that I'll sleep well at night.”
The Gaels led 36-24 at halftime and continued to lead by double digits until the Toreros slowly closed the gap late in the game.
Tyler Williams hit three 3-pointers and Isaiah Wright hit two 3s down the stretch for USD (15-9, 6-6).
Landale powered into the key for a layup and Jordan Ford hit a runner on the baseline, both shots keeping the Gaels' lead at four points.
The closest USD got was 63-62 on Wright's 3-pointer with 11.2 seconds left. Emmett Naar was fouled and made both shots. Wright missed a 3 just before the buzzer and Calvin Hermanson rebounded.
Landale had his 16th double-double of the season. He was three points shy of his season-high.
The only other Gaels player in double figures was Naar with 11. Naar also committed nine turnovers.
Isaiah Pineiro scored 24 points, Williams 12 and Wright 10 for USD.
“They hit some tough shots,” Bennett said of the Toreros. “Defensively in the first half we were good. The second half they got it going. They must have hit six or seven 3s in the second half. We usually give up like five in a game. They played well. I would have liked us to defend better down the stretch.”
Saint Mary's trailed 14-9 when it went on a 17-1 run that included nine points by Landale, including a jumper to start the run and a 3-pointer. Hermanson hit a jumper with 5:21 left before halftime to give the Gaels a 26-15 lead.
USD had gone cold, missing 12 straight shots before Pineiro made a jumper with 2 1/2 minutes before halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Saint Mary's: The Gaels haven't lost since Nov. 26, when they were defeated 83-81 in overtime by Georgia in the Wooden Legacy in Fullerton.
UP NEXT
Saint Mary's visits Loyola Marymount on Thursday night.
MIAMI – New pitcher. Different look. Same result.
Daniel Gossett's first big league start had a little bit of everything. Just not a win.
Related Articles Jose Canseco, 52, returning for third year with independent Pittsburg Diamonds
A's vs. Yankees: Pitching matchups, times and channel
A's veterans having to adjust to reduced playing time
Big inning keep hammering away at A's on the road
Could tout A's draft pick choose USC instead? The Oakland right-hander put down a bunt. He got his first hit since high school. He scored from first on a double. He got his first big league strikeout, All-Star Giancarlo Stanton. He had a 1-2-3 first inning.
The residue of the day showed that he also allowed two home runs. He didn't get enough defensive support. He walked the opposing pitcher to start a two-run inning. He blew a 4-0 lead. In the end, the Marlins scored an 11-6 win that dropped the A's to a season-worst 11 games under .500 at 27-38.
The question now is just when are the A's going to double down and dig further still into their minor league system. It's just a matter of time before third baseman Matt Chapman, shortstop Franklin Barreto and first baseman/right fielder Matt Olson, seen as the core of the franchise moving forward, are in the big leagues playing regularly.
Executive vice president Billy Beane, general manager David Forst and manager Bob Melvin all agree on this. What they haven't agreed on is a timetable. The's as currently constructed are headed for a third consecutive last-place finish in the American League West. Could a roster built around the future do worse?
And things just get better for Oakland, which returns home for an eight-game homestand beginning Thursday night against the Yankees and the Astros, the two winningest teams in the American League. It's true that the A's play better at home (18-13) than they do on the road (9-25), but without a big homestand, the club could be buried indefinitely in the West.
The's do see Gossett, called up with Andrew Triggs out indefinitely with a hip injury, as part of their future. He was the second-round draft pick in 2014, and he's the first pick from that draft to make it to the big leagues. There was a promising start, a 1-2-3 first inning built around the offense crafting a 4-0 lead, but Gossett couldn't make it stick.
The's collected one run without a hit in the first inning on a bases-loaded walk to Stephen Vogt from Edinson Volquez, but Volquez came back to end the inning by striking out Chad Pinder. The's are now an anemic 2-for-22 with the bases loaded in their last 37 games.
An inning later, Ryon Healy crushed his sixth homer in the last 11 games and his 15th homer overall with two men on for a 4-0 lead. It looked good for Gossett, who had retired the side in the first, striking out Stanton in the process.
It wasn't good. Marcell Ozuna and Tyler Moore both homered in the second, and after Gossett walked Volquez to open the third, two more runs crossed the plate.
The fourth inning began with Gossett beating out a grounder behind the second base bag for a single. Running the bases for the first time this season, he had to score from first when Jed Lowrie doubled off the center field wall, but it was worth it because he now had a 5-4 lead.
Then the wheels feel off. The first two balls of the bottom of the fourth were hit to Healy, getting the start at third base. He butchered both of them, although only one was ruled an error. What could have been a quiet inning for Gossett proved to be his demise with pinch-hitter Tomas Telis getting a pinch-hit double to bring home the tying run.
Reliever Daniel Coulombe inherited two runners and both of them scored as the game started to get away from Oakland with another big inning. On the six-game road trip alone, the A's have allowed innings of three or more runs eight times.
That doesn't count the two-run innings, of which the Marlins had three – in the second, third and fifth innings Wednesday.
NOTES
This year has already proven to be medal-laden for Charlie Smith but 2017 could be about to get even better for the Leighton Buzzard canoeist after he was shortlisted for SportsAid's prestigious One-to-Watch Award.
Having won silver in the K1 Men's Juniors at the Canoe Marathon European Championships over the summer, Smith took his success to World Championship-level in September, winning the same colour in the same event.
A seventh-place finish over 1000m at the ICF Canoe Sprint Junior and Under-23s World Championships capped off a remarkable year for the 18-year-old, but it could still continue yet.
“To be nominated was a massive surprise, I had no idea that it was coming,” said Smith.
“Looking at the previous winners like Tom Daley, it's a massive honour to be even considered in the same bracket as athletes like him.
“There are a lot of other deserving athletes nominated too, which is amazing, and it's great to even make the top ten.
“I've been supported by SportsAid for the last three years now and they have been a massive help.
“Canoeing is an expensive sport and so their financial help has been invaluable.
“But it has also been great psychologically, knowing that someone has your back and is there supporting you.
“Their support motivates me to achieve more success without a doubt. It makes training that little bit easier and keeps you going to reach the next level.”
There's little doubting that Smith – a former pupil at Aylesbury Grammar School – will indeed reach that next level, his sights set on making his Olympic debut in the coming years.
And having watched from the stands when the Games came to London five years ago, Smith can't wait for the day he's the one inspiring the next generation of stars.
“This year has been my best yet, without a doubt,” Smith said.
When Tom Brady scans the Steelers' defense during Sunday's AFC Championship, chances are he is going to zoom in on a couple of rookies in the secondary and attack. Cornerback...
Ezekiel Elliott could have games added to his suspension
Ezekiel Elliott is planning to appeal his six-game suspension in hopes of having it reduced or overturned, but is there a chance he could actually end up being banned for more than six games in 2017?
The short answer is yes.
Elliott has been suspended for the first six games of the season for what the NFL deemed “credible evidence” of domestic violence, despite the running back not facing any charges when his ex-girlfriend accused him of assault. As we know, Elliott has been involved in a number of other off-field incidents, so the Dallas Cowboys should be concerned that his suspension has nothing to do with those.
Brandon George of the Dallas Morning News notes that the NFL only looked into the domestic violence allegations against Elliott in addition to the video in March that showed the star running back exposing a woman's breast at a St. Patrick's Day parade. The league determined that the latter incident did not warrant further investigation or disciplinary action, but what about Elliott's alleged involvement in a recent bar fight?
A man had his nose broken when he was punched in the face in a July 16 incident at a Dallas bar, and Elliott was said to have been involved in some capacity. While no charges were filed, the extent of Elliott's involvement is unclear. The league already disciplined Elliott after conducting its own investigation into the domestic violence allegations against him, so there's a chance more games could be tacked onto the 22-year-old's suspension if something similar happens with the bar altercation.
When you read the intense warning the NFL issued to Elliott, it's easy to get the impression that the former Ohio State star is on incredibly thin ice. While he is reportedly prepared to take the NFL to court, Cowboys fans may have to worry about six games being the minimum ban for Zeke.
The outrage over use of 9/11 memorial in TV show filming Families of 9/11 victims are outraged that a climactic scene involving a greedy hedge-funder in the season finale of Showtime's “Billions” was filmed at the Ground Zero Memorial. The May...
The Village restaurant that reminds 'Billions' star of his Italian honeymoon Few second bananas stand out as much as David Costabile does. After killer turns in “Breaking Bad” and “Suits,” he's stealing scenes as Wags, the foul-mouthed, coked-up hedge funder of...
Yesterday in Styles Remind Me, Why Was It That We Ever Watched Infomercials? In the '90s, the commercial became the show as infomercials ruled the night. Were we all just looking for televised Prozac? Image
Print headline: “The Stepford Channel,” published here in October 1992.
The story: It was the '90s and suddenly David Letterman and Jay Leno found themselves competing for eyeballs with the likes of Jay “the Juiceman” Kordich. The infomercial — that mind-numbing, long-form television commercial in which washed-up celebrities hawked juicers or fitness machines — had been around in some form for years. It reached its cultural zenith, however, in the George H.W. Bush years, that last era before the internet shattered our collective attention span.
The hard numbers: What infomercials lacked in Hollywood credibility, they made up for in profit. In 1991 alone, the industry generated more than $750 million in product sales, inspiring its own version of the Oscars (the Play awards) and minting its own superstars. Tony Robbins, the anvil-jawed motivational guru who repeatedly confessed his former loserdom to famous friends, the dutifully nodding ex-football star Fran Tarkenton among them, had surfed this wave of entertainment-free entertainment to $100 million in sales for his “Personal Power” series.
Groping for explanations: Up to that point, commercials had been considered a necessary evil of watching television. Suddenly, they were the show itself. As infomercials, including the unavoidable “Psychic Friends Network” pitches starring Dionne Warwick, crowded out old Bogart movies and “Honeymooners” reruns on late night television, critics were left to wonder why people were suddenly “feeling powerless to turn off the smiling famous faces and euphoric, satisfied customers who promise a better, younger, prettier, richer, happier, more personally empowered you,” as Rick Marin wrote in 1992. He could only speculate as to the cause. “In a decade with much talk about dysfunction, the world of the infomercial is mesmerizingly functional, even multifunctional,” he surmised. “Everything works, or seems to. And if it doesn't? There's always the money-back guarantee.”
But seriously, why? Maybe it was the limits of technology. Smartphones and tablets, with their limitless potential for customizing viewing habits, would not become ubiquitous for a decade and a half. TiVo and other DVRs would not emerge to scramble America's viewing habits for nearly a decade. In those days, families still tended to gather nightly around an actual television set and let whatever was on wash over them, including commercials — even long ones, apparently. The '90s were also the heyday of Prozac, which may have left people open to easy feel-good solutions. As Mark Crispin Miller, a professor of media studies at Johns Hopkins University, conjectured, “what people seem to want from the infomercial is an experience that is wholly and brainlessly affirmative. It may be commercial television in its purest state.”
An early version of “The Walking Dead”? The infomercial landscape came to resemble a zombie apocalypse of the celebrity undead. Many past-their-prime(time) stars suddenly seemed to be beaming into our living rooms. There was Linda Gray, late of “Dallas,” alongside James Brolin hawking “The Secret of Creating Your Future.” The ex-“Saturday Night Live” comedian Victoria Jackson trying to sell $150 million worth of makeup through her “Beauty Breakthroughs” with Meredith Baxter and Ali MacGraw. Inevitably, Richard Simmons showed up with a mawkish pitch for his “Deal-A-Meal” diet plan. Even actual A-listers (Jane Fonda, Martin Sheen, arguably Cher) stooped to conquer.
Curious choices: Jessica Hahn, a former church secretary who was famous from her part in the sex scandal that helped bring down televangelist Jim Bakker, cashed in on her notoriety by hawking a steamy 1-900 line called “Love Phone.”
Silver linings: Fortunately, the ascendance of the infomercial coincided with the apogee of Generation X, whose armchair pastime was making fun of terrible movies and television shows (to wit, “Mystery Science Theater 3000”). These saccharine testimonials proved a gold mine for jaded, Gen X-centric comedians. “The Ben Stiller Show” memorably torched “Tony Bobbins.” Mike Myers and Dana Carvey opened “Wayne's World” with a mock infomercial for the Suck Kut hair vacuum. And without breathless infomercial gurus like Tom Vu, Chris Farley's bellowing motivational speaker bit on “Saturday Night Live” would have been unimaginable.
How it ended: In the era of Netflix, Hulu and Apple TV, who will sit still for even a 30-second spot, let alone a 30-minute spot?
Sign up for the Of The Moment Newsletter Get lifestyle news from the Style, Travel and Food sections, from the latest trends to news you can use. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
The brother of Port Authority bombing suspect Akayed Ullah worships at the same mosque where infamous blind sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman once preached, law enforcement sources told The Post on Monday.
Ullah's brother Ahsan attends Mas Jid al-Salam mosque in Jersey City, where the radical cleric Abdel-Rahman used to spew hate.
Rahman came to the FBI's attention following the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center.
The blind sheik – considered the WTC attack mastermind – was implicated in plots targeting the UN, Holland and Lincoln Tunnels and then-Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
He was convicted of conspiracy in federal court in 1995, sentenced to life behind bars and died earlier this year at the age of 78.
Ahsan Ullah is being questioned by police but Akayed insists his brother had no role in the Port Authority attack, sources have said.
Ford is selling more Lincoln Navigators than it can make While Ford's total January sales slipped 6.6 percent, it can't make enough of its luxury Navigator SUV — which carries a price tag of as much as $100,000. The 2018...
Fiat Chrysler to move plant from Mexico to Michigan, pay out bonuses DETROIT — Fiat Chrysler is moving production of heavy-duty trucks from Mexico to Michigan and paying bonuses to US workers in response to the passage of US tax reform late...
Jeep unveils revamped Wrangler When Fiat Chrysler engineers and designers set out to revamp the venerable Jeep Wrangler for the first time in a decade, they didn't want to mess much with its looks....
Automakers expect business to boom after Harvey DETROIT – The Big Three Detroit automakers on Friday reported better-than-expected August sales and issued optimistic outlooks for demand as residents of the Houston area replace flood-damaged cars and trucks...
Auto companies hurting from the latest rival — Amazon Shares of several auto parts retailers sputtered on Wednesday after one chain reported disappointing second-quarter sales gains. And while that chain, O'Reilly Automotive, blamed poor weather in the period for...
GM is producing popular car in China, exporting to US China's hottest auto export to the US is a Buick, and that may not sit well with the Trump administration. General Motors produces the Buick Envision exclusively at a factory...
Carl Icahn plans to acquire thousands of auto-repair shops Carl Icahn has big plans for the US auto-parts sector — and big retailers like AutoZone, O'Reilly and Advance Auto Parts aren't going to like them. The billionaire investor is...
Americans are struggling to pay off their auto loans Auto loan delinquencies in the fourth quarter hit their highest level since the financial crisis, a report out Thursday revealed. About $23.27 billion in loans were 30 days or more...
Auto parts stock prices plummet in wake of Amazon plan The stock prices of auto parts retailers sank on Monday in the wake of The Post exclusive that Amazon was revving up the competition. O'Reilly Automotive shares fell 3.3 percent,...
Pollinator gardens planted by more than 200 volunteers in Port Dalhousie last September are already abuzz with visitors.
The multi-partner project led by the Niagara Restoration Council saw manicured lawns in Rennie Park and Henley Island transformed into naturalized areas.
“They're growing really great,” said Allison Graszat, environmental project manager with Niagara Restoration Council. “We did notice a lot of different bees and butterflies are visiting the site already.”
Still to come this year are signs on Rennie Island that explain what was planted, why it was planted and why native species were used.
It's all part of the council's mandate to educate people the benefits of planting species native to the area.
“People are more aware of what is native and what isn't and what the benefits can be, but there's really a lot more education that needs to be done,” Graszat said.
To that end, the restoration council has teamed up with the Port Dalhousie Beautification and Works Committee to encourage young photographers to get up close with nature.
A native plant and wildlife photo contest for youth is on until Sept. 22.
Graszat said the whole point is to get youth engaged in nature and educate them about how native species are really beneficial for wildlife in the area.
“We figured if there was an incentive for them to get out into the environment, check things out and maybe learn about the native plants and animals here, we could all benefit from that,” she said.
Young photographers can submit photos of native plants or wildlife from anywhere in Port Dalhousie. But if they need a hint about where to go, two raised beds of native-only plants are on Rennie Island. As well, an acre and a half area at the north end of Henley Island was seeded with a wildflower and grass mix last year.
The submissions will be judged in the categories of Best Wildlife photo and Best Native Plant photo. If a photo has wildlife and plants in it, it can be submitted in both categories but will only win in one.
The photos will be judged in age groups 7-12 and 13-18 by staff at the Niagara Restoration Council.
Children aged six and under have their own category too. They're being invited to draw or colour a picture of native wildlife or plants.
There's a limit of four entries per person. Winners will receive $100, with a second prize of $50 and a third prize of $25.
Photos and drawings can be submitted by email to allison@niagararestoration.org or mailed to the Niagara Restoration Council at 250 Thorold Rd., Welland, ON, L3C 3W2.
All submissions must include the entrant's name, age, location where the photo was taken and the category entered. All photos must be shot this summer in Port Dalhousie. Winners of all three age groups will be notified by Oct. 6.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
After 27 years of coaching the Whiteoak Wildcats baseball team Head Coach Chris Veidt will lead the 2018 team into Huntington Park on Thursday to take on the Hicksville Aces in the Division IV State Semifinal.
Whiteoak has been spectacular all season and enter the semifinals sporting a 28-2 record and holding the number one spot in the final Ohio High School Baseball Coaches Association poll. Hicksville comes in with a 20-5 record and holding the number nine spot in the OHSBCA poll.
Mason Lehr leads the Wildcats offensively with a .430 batting average, .658 slugging percentage and a .566 on base percentage. Lehr is not the only weapon Whiteoak has on the roster as Treaten Hamilton, Evan Brill, Caleb West, Chase Carraher and Ryan Robers are all batting over .300 on the season.
As a team the Wildcats enter the State semifinals with a .335 batting average, are slugging .461 and have an on base percentage of .475. Whiteoak has scored 294 runs on the season on 260 hits and 230 RBI. The Wildcats are a terror on the base paths with 210 stolen bases on the year including a school record 42 stolen bases for Hamilton.
Hicksville is led by Jake Greer who has a batting average of .507 on the season with nine doubles and a home run. The Aces will also rely on Parker Theil who enters the State semifinals with a .436 average. As a team Hicksville is batting .313 on the year and have scored 192 runs.
Defensively the Wildcats have had an excellent season and committed only 48 errors on 836 chances. Billy Oliver has been good for the Wildcats behind the plate allowing only 14 passed balls on the season.
On the mound Whiteoak has been led by Evan Brill, with a 9-0 record on the season and a .064 ERA, and Chase Butler, 8-0 and 2.41 ERA. Brill leads the team with 62 strikeouts on the year and has issued only 17 walks while giving up 30 hits on the season. Trever Yeager is the top reliever for Whiteoak with six saves on the season as he has allowed only three runs in eight appearances with 11 strikeouts.
Greer and Theil lead the Aces on the mound with 1.38 and 1.83 earned run averages respectively. Greer leads Hicksville with 75 strikeouts and Theil has 55 strikeouts on the year.
Coach Veidt talked about his team's journey through the tournament to the Final Four and how his team has to continue to trust the process.
“We didn't come this far to come this far. We talked about the ladder and the process and the steps up the ladder. We numbered them from Peebles on to now and it is sure a lot nicer looking up and seeing two more steps than looking up at the beginning and seeing seven. It's there, the carrot is dangling. We just got to trust the process, have each other's back, flush the negative, embrace the positive and just keep doing what we are doing,” said Veidt.
The winner of the game between the Wildcats and Aces will advance to the State Final on Saturday at 10 a.m. at Huntington Park in Columbus to take on the winner of the semifinal between Trinity and Fort Loramie.
Reach Ryan Applegate at 937-402-2572, or on Twitter @RCApplegate89.
Traeten Hamilton, of Whiteoak, makes contact with the ball Friday at Beavers Stadium as Wildcats' head coach Chris Veidt looks on from third base during their game against Eastern Meigs for the right to advance to the State Tournament. https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_Traeten-Hamilton-Batting-1.jpg Traeten Hamilton, of Whiteoak, makes contact with the ball Friday at Beavers Stadium as Wildcats' head coach Chris Veidt looks on from third base during their game against Eastern Meigs for the right to advance to the State Tournament. Ryan Applegate | The Times-Gazette
From the left: Kennedy Conspiracy Theories Are Hogwash
Liberals are so deeply shocked by Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy's resignation they can't even accept that his decision “was on the up and up,” suggests Mark Joseph Stern at Slate. Which is why many are grasping at one detail in a New York Times article reporting that Kennedy's son worked at Deutsche Bank when it loaned Donald Trump $1 billion a decade ago. ThinkProgress calls the connection “suspicious”; the New Republic labels it “shady.” But “each flavor of this conspiracy rests on a series of assumptions that, when subjected to any real scrutiny, quickly fall apart.” Simply put, “it didn't require blackmail” to ease Kennedy off the court; he “retired under Trump because he's happy to leave his legacy in Trump's hands.”
Foreign desk: It's Not Cheating If There's No Deal
Time was, recalls Commentary's Noah Rothman, when all sides agreed that “time was not on our side” when it came to North Korea and the West “had to act fast.” Post-Singapore-summit, though, “the urgency of the crisis . . . suddenly dissipated” and the watchword became “wait and see.” Now the Trump administration's patience may be “wearing thin.” Reports confirm the existence of a previously unknown uranium enrichment site as well as Pyongyang's production of more road-mobile ballistic-missile launch vehicles. Yet these revelations “do not represent the violation of any kind of denuclearization agreement because no such agreement exists.” Still, “no one who truly cares about the dissolution of North Korea's nuclear program should be happy with this process so far.” Team Trump has “prioritized the diplomatic process over what the process was ostensibly supposed to achieve.”
Strategist: Thapar Is the Perfect SCOTUS Pick
President Trump can “make history” by naming Judge Amul Thapar of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals to the Supreme Court, suggests Scott Jennings at Real Clear Politics. The son of Indian immigrants, he would be “the first person of any Asian heritage appointed to the Supreme Court.” And he would be “a dream choice” for conservatives: an originalist, in the mold of Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia. Indeed, Trump can “shatter the stereotypes liberals throw at Republicans by having Thapar join Thomas to defend” the Constitution. Moreover, he's “someone from the middle of Trump Country who knows his way around” Ivy League campuses, where he's “treated like a rock star” by aspiring conservative lawyers. For an unexpected president, Thapar is “the perfect unexpected choice.”
Student: What the New Integrationists Fail to See
A liberal consensus has decided that “American schools must be more thoroughly integrated before black and Hispanic students can perform at the level of their white peers,” notes Coleman Hughes at City Journal. But where segregation once meant a “state-enforced policy of keeping whites and blacks apart,” today's term involves people of different groups tending to “live among one another for various reasons.” So why do “neo-integrationists see a problem?” Because the Supreme Court's 1954 declaration that “separate is inherently unequal” doesn't differentiate between them. But if this edict were true, “we wouldn't see all-black schools that perform at the level of all-white or racially mixed schools.” Yet “such schools have existed for decades.” Fact is, “the neo-integrationist agenda offers fake help that would lead to even faker progress, and blacks and Hispanics should reject it roundly.”
Political scribe: Socialism Won't Save the Democrats
Does the future of the Democratic Party run through socialism? Don't bet on it, says The Week's Damon Linker — no matter how excited and emboldened its left wing now appears. For no matter how compelling a candidate like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez may seem to be, “there simply aren't enough left-wing voters in this country” for “democratic socialists to prevail in a big way at the national level.” True, the left points to Republican successes in running base-centered campaigns. But, again, polls show “the numbers just aren't there.” An Economist/YouGov poll found only 19 percent of Democrats saying their party's ideology is not liberal enough. So the left is proposing that Democrats “embrace a politics of the hunch and the fervent hope.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
Ivan Campo believes Napoli can make life difficult for Real Madrid when his former club face the famously hostile Stadio San Paolo atmosphere in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Madrid welcome their Serie A opponents to Santiago Bernabeu for the first leg on Wednesday and must negotiate a trip to Italy next month.
The sides met in a memorable European Cup tie in 1987, with Emilio Butragueno inspiring Madrid to victory over Diego Maradona's Napoli over the course of two contrasting games – the Bernabeu leg was played out before empty stands as a punishment for crowd trouble during Madrid's semi-final with Bayern Munich the previous year, while a raucous San Paolo crowd were unable to prevent their side slipping to a 3-1 aggregate loss
Maradona's time in Naples remains a high-watermark for the club, but Campo is also impressed by the current generation under Maurizio Sarri, who he expects to test Zinedine Zidane's men.
"Well, even though people may think it will be easy for Real Madrid, Napoli is in the last-16 round for a reason," Campo, was on the books at Madrid between 1998 and 2003, told Omnisport.
"They are a good side. The atmosphere they will have at their stadium will be unbelievable.
"Everyone knows Maradona played there once and the atmosphere they have been living at their games for years is truly amazing.
"It won't be easy for Real Madrid. Nevermind how easy it may seem, for Napoli fans that won't be the case.
"If we think this will be an easy one we will struggle."
A 14-year-old girl in Mississippi who was shot in the head by her 9-year-old brother over a video game controller has died, authorities said.
Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell said the girl, Dijonae White, was shot in the back of her head after the argument with her brother, who was not immediately identified, while playing a video game on Saturday afternoon.
“She wouldn't let him have the controller,” Cantrell told The Post on Monday during a brief telephone interview. “So he walked behind her and shot her. That's what he told us, that's what he said.”
The boy told deputies he used a .25-caliber handgun that was kept in a nightstand in his mother's bedroom. The gun is registered to his mother's live-in boyfriend, Cantrell said. It wasn't clear if the owner of the handgun will face charges, according to the sheriff.
“Everything is under investigation at this point,” he said. “This is a very intense situation. You're talking about a minor, a very small child.”
Cantrell, who has worked in law enforcement for more than three decades, said the case is a first.
“We've never dealt with anything like this and I hope to never deal with another one,” he told The Post. “This is a terrible situation. It has shocked our community and it's just a very intense situation, especially with all the recent school shootings.”
Cantrell said the boy was in his mother's custody on Monday.
“I think he understands, but at the same time, he doesn't understand. I mean, he's 9 years old. They play these video games where people get shot and killed and then they hit the reset button and everyone's fine. I guess he was upset. I don't know.”
Cantrell said the girl was first rushed to a hospital in Amory before being transferred to Le Bonheur's Children's Hospital in Memphis, where she was being treated in intensive care prior to her death.
The boy's mother said her son did not have prior disciplinary issues or violent confrontations with his older sister, Cantrell said. The boy's mother was home at the time of the shooting and had been preparing lunch for the children and an adult guest.
“We're looking at every scenario,” Cantrell told The Post.
Dijonae was a student at Tupelo Middle School, WTVA reports. Calls seeking comment from school officials were not immediately returned.
Monroe County Coroner Alan Gurley said the girl died from a single gunshot wound to the head. The manner of death remains under investigation, Gurley told The Post.
Claudette Colbert chases millionaires in screwball masterpiece ‘The Palm Beach Story' The year in classic film on video gets off to a laugh-filled start with Criterion's Blu-ray debut of Preston Sturges' screwball classic “The Palm Beach Story'' (1942) in a gleaming...
Ernest Borgnine's Oscar-winning Bronx Butcher, Bows on Blu-ray This is something of a golden age for classic films on Blu-ray, with smaller distributors like Criterion, Olive, Shout! Factory and Twilight Time offering a steady stream of upgrades (and...
MARTINEZ — Professional baseball has come to the city; the field has been built, the team has been staffed, and the Martinez Clippers are ready to throw out their first pitch.
The Clippers will face off against the Sonoma Stompers in their home opener Thursday at 6:30 p.m. at the newly refurbished Joe DiMaggio Field at Waterfront Park. The team's name, like its stadium, is a tribute to the baseball legend, who earned the nickname “Yankee Clipper” because of his speed on the field. DiMaggio was born in Martinez in 1914.
Owned by Jeff and Paulette Carpoff, two well-known city residents who operate DC Solar in Benicia, the Clippers are joining the Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs.
The Pacific Association began in 2013 and until this year, was limited to four teams — the Stompers, the Vallejo Admirals, the San Rafael Pacifics and the Pittsburg Diamonds. This year marks the additions of the Clippers and the Napa Silverados.
It is a short-season summer league that runs from late May through August. Its players, made up of former minor leaguers, college players, and folks picked up from local tryouts, make low salaries and sometimes live with host families for the duration of the season.
Former major leaguers, most notably Oakland A's legends Jose Canseco and the late Tony Phillips, have been known to make appearances too.
Tickets to the Clippers' opening day will be available at the box office two hours before the game. It is cash only and $15 a seat, but children in uniform from Martinez youth baseball and softball leagues get in free.
Gates will open at 5:30 p.m. and first pitch is slated at 6:30 p.m. Joe DiMaggio Field is at 245 N. Court St. in Martinez.
Speculation over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo is likely to build after the Portugal star was not among the players pictured as part of the release of Real Madrid's new kits for 2018-19.
The new home and away shirts for next season were shown on Tuesday, modelled by players including club captain Sergio Ramos, Marcelo, Keylor Navas, Toni Kroos and Isco.
Ronaldo did not feature but Gareth Bale, who admitted after the Champions League final that he is considering his future, was used in the photos and accompanying video.
The absence of Ronaldo is expected to prompt further talk of a possible transfer before the start of next season, after he suggested following the 3-1 win over Liverpool that his time at the club could be coming to an end.
However, any anxious Madrid fans may have no real cause for alarm.
Firstly, Ronaldo was not used for Madrid's kit releases in the last two seasons, with Bale, Ramos, Marcelo, Kroos and Karim Benzema involved instead.
In fact, the 2016-17 shirt was modelled by James Rodriguez, who would end up joining Bayern Munich on loan just a year later.
Sponsorship conflicts could well be behind this, with Ronaldo having agreed a "lifetime" contract with Nike in November 2016, worth a reported $1billion.
The deal with the United States sportswear giant would likely preclude the 33-year-old from appearing in official releases for products made by Adidas, Madrid's principle kit manufacturer.
Last June, an image posted on the player's Instagram page as part of a Nike marketing campaign came under scrutiny as it apparently showed the former Sporting CP youngster in an Adidas jumper.
The picture of a young Ronaldo, captioned 'This Boy Knew' above Nike's famous logo, was said to have been cropped to hide the Adidas branding lower down.
Police in North Yorkshire arrested 39 motorists on suspicion of drink or drug driving during the first 10 days of the force's Christmas crackdown.
To date, officers have arrested 34 men and five women across the county.
Scarborough is the area with the highest number of arrests at nine, followed by York with eight and Harrogate with seven.
The highest reading recorded so far during Operation Attention was provided by a 45-year-old man from Catterick, who was arrested on December 4.
He was arrested on suspicion of drink driving after he gave a reading of 128mg of alcohol per 100ml of breath – more than three-and-a-half times the legal limit.
Police said he had been released under investigation as enquiries continue.
Sergeant Andy Morton, of the Roads Policing Group, said: “Unfortunately we are again seeing drivers placing themselves and others at unnecessary risk, by drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel.
“As we said at the start of this campaign, North Yorkshire Police is actively patrolling and targeting these drivers and we will arrest you and take you off the road.
“If the fact that you could kill or seriously injure an innocent person through your own selfish act doesn't deter you from drink or drug driving, maybe the fact that you will be arrested, taken into custody and a court appearance will follow.
“You'll face a hefty fine, loss of your licence and potentially a prison sentence – not to mention potential loss of employment, income and in some cases I have dealt with, relationship breakdown and loss of home.
“You have to ask yourself - is it really worth the risk?"
The first of those arrested and charged appeared before York Magistrates' Court last week.
Tracy Roberts, 52, of Middleton Road, York, pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit.
She was disqualified from driving for 15 months and ordered to pay £415 in fines and costs.
Operation Attention will continue to run throughout this month.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Pushing the Republican tax package through Congress was only half the battle for President Donald Trump. Now that it's the law, convincing Americans that it was a good idea is not just a political imperative but an economic one, too.
To boost GOP prospects in the midterm elections, Trump needs to show that Republicans are delivering on long-promised tax relief. And to meet the ambitious economic growth projections underpinning the law, the White House needs businesses and ordinary Americans to boost their spending in response to the tax changes.
Aiming to advance both goals, the administration is deploying Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, Cabinet officials and staff throughout the country to anchor events publicizing the law and its benefits to workers and employers.
As part of that sales effort, Trump on Wednesday welcomed to the White House seven representatives of companies that have passed on the benefits of the tax law to their employees.
"It is not crumbs," Trump said after the employees described using the bonuses they've received to fund a wedding, a vacation, and retirement. It was a subtle brush-back to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi's effort to use the word to minimize the scale of the bonuses.
Pence, at the same time, was talking up the tax cuts to workers at a manufacturing company in West Virginia.
The law provides steep tax cuts for corporations, with more modest breaks for most Americans — though some in the middle class from high-taxed states will pay more — and has suffered in the polls. But the White House hopes that is beginning to change as a parade of businesses announce additional investments in the U.S. or provide income boosts to their employers. The first benefits of the law are just beginning to be felt by everyday taxpayers.
Expect a wide-ranging sales pitch.
"The best way to look at how we are going to promote, explain and highlight the benefits of tax reform is to look at how we worked to pass tax reform," said White House spokesman Josh Raffel.
The charm offensive already is underway: First daughter and White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump traveled to South Carolina on Jan. 26 with Republican Sen. Tim Scott to highlight the expansion of the child tax credit under the law to a predominantly female audience. An official said she would engage in more of those events going forward, as she did in the run-up to the law's passage.
Inside the West Wing, the White House political office is overlaying the list of companies that have announced new investments or bonuses for their employees on a map of target races in the 2018 midterms, providing an outline for travel in the coming months. The events will be timed to coincide with filing deadlines and other opportunities to highlight how the law is affecting people, officials said.
In the coming weeks, Trump is expected to mark increases in many employees' take-home pay as the IRS withholding tables reflecting the law's adjusted rates go into effect by Feb. 15.
According to a tally of public announcements by Americans for Tax Reform, a conservative group that supported the tax law, about 3 million workers have gotten bonuses, raises or larger payments to their retirement accounts since the tax law was signed.
The nonpartisan Tax Foundation estimated that the $1.5 trillion law would increase gross domestic product by 1.7 percentage points over a decade. And fiscal hawks have expressed optimism that accelerating economic growth — and subsequent revenues — will cut into the legislation's cost.
At the White House Wednesday, Trump highlighted companies that have raised the minimum wage they pay workers or that have brought billions back to the U.S. from overseas. "We also have massive investments coming in," he said.
A White House tally shows at least 275 companies have increased wages, announced bonuses or promised new hires since the law's passage — a pace Trump said surprised him.
"We didn't know this was going to happen so much," he said Wednesday.
The White House is not actively organizing the highly publicized announcements from the likes of Apple and Walmart. Instead, the administration casts them as a "free-market response" to the law. Tony Sayegh, the assistant treasury secretary for public affairs, said the announcements are "helping shift so much of the misinformation that was put out there."
"We knew all along that this is exactly what you would see happening if we got the policy right, and we got the policy right," said Sayegh.
Outside groups that promoted the law are lining up to help the White House sell it. Jay Timmons, the president and CEO of the National Association of Manufacturers, said "now it's up to business to deliver" on the promises they made as they advocated for their tax breaks.
His group has asked its 14,000 members for data on how the legislation has improved their businesses and the lives of their employees, and is preparing to share it with the White House and congressional leadership. "Our manufacturers are feeling optimistic," Timmons said, adding that the White House effort would only help their efforts.
It's not Amazon AMZN, -0.02% Nor is it Netflix NFLX, -1.66% Or even Tesla TSLA, +0.14% Of course, all three of those stocks have certainly enriched shareholders in a big way over the past five years. But there's one, in particular, that has outperformed the rest.
And it's no tech juggernaut.
LendingTree TREE, +1.86% according to FactSet data, has surged 1,562% over that time frame. to trump all North American stocks. To weed out the penny stocks, FactSet screened global markets for stocks trading over $5 a share with a market cap of at least $500 million back in February 2012.
The online lender has ridden a healing economy and increasing loan demand to big profit growth. The stock is well off its record highs near $150 a share from last year, but it's still top dog in the region by this metric, beating out mortgage software company Ellie Mae ELLI, -2.20% and veterinary products maker Heska HSKA, -1.27% in the second and third positions.
LendingTree, however, is runner-up to Europe's biggest gainer when it comes to the world's top performer in that period, FactSet noted. Danish biotech Genmab GEN, -0.49% has seen its shares explode for a 2,568% return to dwarf all others.
Taking a tour of the leaders in the rest of the regions: Brazilian energy firm Equatorial Energia EQTL3, +0.19% is tops in South America, with a 160% gain. Over in Asia, food giant SPC Samlip 005610, +0.26% and its $1,327% jump leads the way. Internet and media group Naspers NPN, -3.01% in No. 1 in Africa with a 224% advance, while Domino's Pizza Enterprise Ltd. DMP, -7.18% is the biggest winner in the Pacific thanks to a 505% leap.
You're certainly not alone if you think that two pets are better than one, but bringing home a new pet doesn't always go smoothly when there's another animal already in the house.
Introducing your new pet to resident pets that have already been in your life can be a tricky process, one that's going to require some patience, according to guidelines from several animal welfare groups. They and experts say pets can be territorial, defensive, attached to the hierarchies they know or temperamentally different.
You may want to make the introduction over a long holiday weekend or even take some time off work to ensure that your new friend gets along with other furry family members before leaving them alone together, according to Kenny Lamberti, acting vice president for companion animals at the Humane Society of the United States. And be aware that pets need some private space to take a break by themselves.
But the best way of ensuring that all-important introduction goes smoothly comes even before you find the new pet, according to Lamberti. Telling a shelter worker about the kind of pet you already have, like a picky pooch or a clingy cat, will help them figure out which animals to show you.
“I think of it like match.com for the pet. The more information you can go with to wherever you're acquiring your new pet can help minimize the possibility of it not going well,” he said.
Once you do find a new pet and get them in the car, you may not want to head straight home, at least with a new dog. It's often recommended that you introduce them outside of the home, on neutral ground. And no matter what animal you bring home, get ready for what might be a dayslong process.
“The one really important rule is you want to spend as much time … before you start leaving them to themselves. You want to ease into that,” Lamberti said.
The Humane Society's detailed guidelines for introducing a new dog to an old one boil down to do it on neutral territory, watch their body language, go at their speed and keep a close eye on them at home, reinforcing positive interactions with treats. Read more.
PAWS, the animal advocacy group, breaks down the neutral territory meeting further, suggesting using positive reinforcement and watching body postures in case you need to intervene. Read more.
For cats, the Humane Society recommends having realistic expectations — they just may not get along — keeping the new cat in confinement for a few days while introducing the cats' smells to one another before a face-to-face meeting. Read more.
Introducing a dog and a cat? The Animal Humane Society recommends these steps: Separate the animals at first, feeding them on either side of a closed door before starting to introduce them in a place that neither considers its sanctuary area and go through those face-to-face sessions before leaving them alone together. Read more.
Should something go wrong and the animals aren't getting along, bring in a trained behaviorist or trainer to facilitate, Lamberti said. You may also have to adjust your own house rules, too.
“The process can take a few days to several months, and as much as owners can consult trusted professionals like their veterinarians and trainers, the smoother the process should go,” said Bob Vetere, chairman of the Pet Leadership Council.
But don't lose hope! Vetere took the recent movie “The Secret Life of Pets” as an example. (Disclosure: the move was produced by Universal Pictures, whose parent company NBCUniversal owns this station.)
“Max was none too pleased about his new ‘brother' Duke's arrival at first, but eventually they become the best of friends,” he said. “While understandably life isn't always like a blockbuster movie, this does happen often and things can get better with patience and persistence.”
If it all sounds daunting, remember that there are plenty of rewards for getting through it — and not just for you.
Lamberti has owned several dogs and fostered more, he said. His current dog is “an old man” now at 14, but when he'd hit middle age, a foster dog Lamberti brought home made him feel like a puppy again.
“It kind of invigorated my dog, it gave him a play partner. He got this spark of youthful exuberance,” he said.
Photo Credit: Getty Images
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Kansas residents are broadening the fight over an oil-related waste disposal well in the Flint Hills into a protest of similar wells across several counties and an effort to lobby lawmakers for regulatory changes.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
By PAUL ELIAS and JOCELYN GECKERAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A UPS employee armed with an assault weapon opened fire Wednesday inside one of the company's San Francisco packing facilities, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as employees fled frantically into the streets shouting "shooter!" and police swarmed in, authorities and witnesses said.
Amid a barrage of gunfire, some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility, while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus, witnesses said.
"They were screaming, 'Go! Go! Go!'" said Jessica Franklin, 30, who was riding s to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility. "As they got on the bus, they were all ducking."
Two other United Parcel Service employees were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in one of the city's industrial neighborhoods, about two miles from downtown San Francisco, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee. A San Francisco Police Department official identified him as Jimmy Lam of San Francisco but had no immediate details on his background, noting the name is common in the San Francisco Bay Area and finding information required significant record searches.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
Officials, UPS employees and witnesses described chaos as shots rang out during a morning meeting before drivers were sent on their delivery routes.
Police have not yet released victims' names but families and friends identified one of the people killed as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti, a UPS driver.
Lefiti's cousin, Mack Toia, told KGO-TV (http://abc7ne.ws/2sch61d) he was at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when he heard shots. He left his van and saw his cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate, Toia said.
"The police officers were right on the scene just like that. I got to touch him, but I couldn't hug him," Toia said. "They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him."
Toia said he was able to tell Lefiti he loved him.
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said he saw Lefiti, known as "Big Mike," as he arrived for work just before 9 a.m., a few minutes before the shooting started. "He was a joyful man. Always happy," Miggins said.
On social media, heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled him as a warm-spirited man devoted to his children and family. A photo on his Facebook page shows Lefiti in his brown UPS uniform holding a trophy. He also posted photos of his UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015.
Neighbor Raymond Deng said he heard up to eight gunshots.
"They were all in rapid succession," said Deng, a 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse. "It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat."
Police arrived in minutes.
"This was a frightful scene," Chaplin said. He said officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman, who was armed with an "assault pistol."
"The suspect put the gun to his head and discharged the weapon," Chaplin said, adding that police did not fire any shots.
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive and were interviewing families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led the gunman to act.
Mayor Ed Lee condemned the violence and praised authorities for a "very proactive response."
"It could have been worse," he said. "Lives were saved today."
It was not immediately clear how many employees were at the facility, but UPS said the warehouse employs 350 people. The shooter and all the victims were employees, UPS said in a statement.
UPS driver Marvin Calderon told KNTV that he recognized the gunman as a fellow employee but did not know him personally.
"I just started running out like crazy, like I've never run before," Calderon told the TV station.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw "a mob of UPS drivers" running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter."
Deng watched from his window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building. He said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
"I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings," he said. "It's crazy."
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
___
AP writers Janie Har, Sudhin Thanawala and Linda Wang in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo contributed reporting from Los Angeles.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kim Kardashian West will meet President Donald Trump today in the Oval Office
Kim Kardashian West is expected to meet President Donald Trump to discuss a potential pardon for a 63-year-old great grandmother who is serving life in prison.
Alice Marie Johnson has been behind bars for more than two decades for a first-time drug offence.
Mr Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner has also been speaking with Mrs Kardashian West about the case for months.
Johnson's daughters confirmed today's meeting to BBC News.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders also confirmed Mrs Kardashian West's meeting at the White House on Wednesday.
Why is Kim Kardashian involved in the case?
Johnson's story first caught the reality television star's eye after she saw a short video about the case posted on social media.
Mrs Kardashian West was moved to ask her longtime personal lawyer, Shawn Holley, to take a look at the case and is paying for a new legal team for Johnson.
The reality television star was also able to join forces with Mr Kushner, a senior adviser to the president who has been pushing for federal prison reform.
Mr Kushner's First Step Act, which allots $50m (£38m) for rehabilitative programmes for inmates, passed in the US House of Representatives last week.
According to Johnson's daughters, the process has sped up considerably since Mrs Kardashian West's involvement.
Wednesday is also Johnson's birthday, which Mrs Kardashian West noted in a tweet this morning.
Image copyright Courtsey CAN-Do Clemency Image caption Alice Marie Johnson
Who is Alice Marie Johnson?
Johnson was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1996 for a first-time, non-violent drug offence. She was convicted of being a "telephone mule", relaying messages between drug distributors and sellers.
According to her family and supporters, Johnson has been a model inmate who is active in many programmes, including work in the prison hospice. She fit all of the criteria for former President Barack Obama's Clemency Project 2014, but was denied just days before the end of his term.
"This is the last time I'll put my family through the heartache of expectations," Johnson told the BBC at the time.
Despite that, Mrs Kardashian West's interest appears to have revitalised the effort.
Amy Povah, the founder of CAN-DO Clemency, has been advocating for Johnson's release since 2014 and says she has collected signatures from 70 organisations who support the pardon, as well as a letter of support from the retired warden of Johnson's prison.
All of that material may be submitted to President Trump.
"She's always stood out to me as being exceptional," says Ms Povah. "She's not bitter or angry, she's this ray of sunshine."
What happens next?
The pardon process is entirely up to the president's discretion, and it is unknown at this point whether he plans to announce a decision to coincide with Mrs Kardashian West's visit.
Many on social media have been critical of Mrs Kardashian West's unlikely role as prison reform advocate and say there are thousands of cases that deserve closer examination, but Johnson's daughters remain hopeful that - at least for their family - the long wait may soon be over.
"We are praying for mercy in my mom's case… that this nightmare is finally coming to an end," Tretessa Johnson told the BBC.
One may be the loneliest number, but 29 doesn't feel too good either. Just ask any member of the Jets' defensive unit.
Defensive coordinator Kacy Rodgers gathered his charges this week in preparation for Sunday's Week 5 game at Cleveland and hit them with a cold, hard truth: When it comes to stopping the run, the Jets rank 29th of 32 teams in the NFL. It was not a “feel good” moment.
“Even though he didn't point out any specific position group for the cause of that — and we looked at our defense as a whole for the cause of that — I still took it personally,” defensive lineman Leonard Williams said. “Since I've been here, that's something our defense has prided itself on and it's something our D-line has prided itself on: stopping the run. Being ranked 29th now is definitely not a spot where we want to be.”
see also Jets take down tweet shaming Browns As if the 0-4 Browns didn't need more motivation to...
“You should take it personally. Each and every guy in this locker room on the defense should take it personally. It should make you mad,” defensive lineman Steve McLendon said. “That was a challenge: All of us have to do what's necessary to get us back to where we need to be.”
The Jets' defense gave up a lot of rushing yards and a lot of points the first two weeks of the season: 370 yards and 66 points in a pair of losses. The embarrassment over those performances appeared to bring out the best in their third game and they allowed just 30 rushing yards to Miami in a 20-6 win. It was temporary.
Though the defense played an overall better game last Sunday in the win over Jacksonville, the Jaguars ran for 175 yards — the third time in four games the Jets have allowed that many. Rodgers said Jags' back Leonard Fournette made runs where “some of those gains should have been 2 [yards], and he was turning them into 4 or 5.”
He thought it's time to challenge his unit.
“I'm just pointing out where we stood. … I know we have a lot of prideful guys in that room, and I just wanted them to know that's an area we have to improve,” Rodgers said. “Each week as a defense we talk about getting better every week, and that's an area that steadily needs to improve. … Our standard has to be high.”
And while the defensive line tends to bear the brunt of the blame in such situations, Rodgers said he was talking to everyone who plays on that side of the ball because the Jets “look at it as a whole — the D-line, inside linebackers, outside linebackers, secondary supporting it.”
“If we keep winning it's going to come down from 29 to where we want it to be, maybe the top five,” McLendon said.
The No. 29 ranking isn't the only surprising stat on the defensive side. Neither Muhammad Wilkerson nor Williams has recorded a sack. They combined for 15 two years ago and 11.5 last season. Williams believes the opportunity to record sacks may be in the offing.
“I'll definitely still have opportunities to get those numbers,” he said. “We're going against Cleveland. I've been studying them. They have a young, rookie quarterback [DeShone Kizer] that holds on to the ball a lot. I'm definitely going to try to get after it this week.”
Rodgers said he believed his message resonated with the group and clearly the players are taking it to heart. As McLendon said, “stopping the run is now the priority.”
OAKLAND — Jordan Bell's season at Oregon ended last year when he failed to corral a rebound in the last seconds of a Final Four loss to North Carolina.
Kevon Looney watched from the bench last June as the Warriors won their second NBA title in three seasons.
From those humble vantage points, Bell and Looney are now poised to play substantial roles beginning Thursday in the NBA Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers.
One of them is likely to start at center, although neither had been given the official word.
“Steve changes his rotation a lot,” Looney said of Warriors coach Steve Kerr. “You just go with the flow and stay ready.”
Bell couldn't be more ready.
“I'm used to being in moments like this at every level of my basketball career,” he said. “Obviously, this is way bigger. I'm very excited for it.”
Looney, who sat out all 17 postseason games a year ago because of a left hip injury, started four of seven games against the Houston Rockets in the Western Conference finals, contributing 3.7 points and 5.0 rebounds in 19 minutes per game.
“It's been a lot different for me,” Looney said. “Play some big minutes and try to make a difference in each game. It's been big for me. It's been a lot of fun.”
Looney said he felt part of the team a year ago, but acknowledged, “This is just a different feeling, being in the game, making a difference and them depending on me.”
Both 6-foot-9 post players earned time primarily because of their defensive versatility. Especially with wing Andre Iguodala sidelined the past four games because of a knee injury, the Warriors are relying on Bell and Looney to be able to guard post players but also jump out on switches.
“I saw a role I could play, which was switching out on screens on the defensive end, and crashing the boards on the offensive end, try to score around the basket,” Looney said.
As much as anything, it was a matter of being healthy. Looney struggled with injuries to both hips his first two seasons, which led to others casting doubt on his future.
“There was always a question if it was going to happen for me,” he said. “I stayed pretty confident in myself, even though people told me it wasn't going to happen. You might get traded, you might even get cut.
“I always had confidence in myself and my game and what I could do. I knew if I kept working hard my moment would come. On this team, Steve gives everyone an ample opportunity to play. For me to be here, I don't I think I even dreamt of starting in the Western Conference finals.”
Bell still thinks back to the Final Four, where North Carolina's Kennedy Meeks wrestled a rebound away from him after a missed free throw by a Tar Heels player with four seconds left. North Carolina won 77-76.
The lesson he learned then, and tries to apply to his budding NBA career: “Knowing that every mistake can cost you a game.”
General manager Bob Myers said the Warriors saw plenty they liked in Bell, who had 16 rebounds in the loss to Carolina.
“More for us, we saw the way the league was going. It's evolving into a lot of switching and athleticism,” Myers said. “There are a lot of things we liked in him. Bottom line, you draft players that help you win.”
Bell had a clear vision once the trade happened. He even anticipated the chance to face LeBron James in the Finals.
“To me, this was the best situation I ever could be put in,” he said. “I felt like I was the No. 1 pick in the draft.
“When I came to this team, I knew we were going to the Finals. And I knew, more than likely, LeBron was going to go because they went three years before.”
The price of wine is likely to go up, as global wine production crashed to a 60-year low in 2017.
The Paris-based International Organization of Vine and Wine said Tuesday that the world's wine production fell to 250 million hectoliters last year, down 8.6% from 2016, and the lowest level since 1957. Global wine consumption, on the other hand, rose slightly to 243 million hectoliters. A hectoliter is 100 liters, or about 133 standard bottles of wine.
The group blamed the production slump on poor weather conditions in Europe in 2017, including a late-winter frost that hampered the harvest. European wine production dropped 15% overall in 2017, the group said. Spain's wine production fell 20% last year, while France's dropped 19% and Italy's declined 17%, according to Reuters calculations.
Europe makes up about 65% of global wine production.
Other regions fared better. U.S. wine production was largely stable, despite last year's wildfires in California, which ended up doing less damage to vineyards than originally feared. Australian production also remained about even, while South American harvests largely recovered from 2016's disastrous El Niño and South African output gained despite a lingering drought.
Experts said consumers will really feel the pinch with cheaper bottles. “The wine companies that are targeting very low prices ... will be hit the worst, because their margins are very low,” Stephen Rannekleiv, a global beverages strategist at Rabobank, told CNN. “When prices go up, it puts a lot of strain on them.”
Mid-priced bottles will likely rise as well. “There will be, in some cases, lower quality wines getting blended into slightly higher value products, so everyone kind of goes down a tier in quality,” Rannekleiv told CNN.
Shares of wine, beer and spirits producer Constellation Brands Inc. STZ, -0.89% fell slightly Tuesday.
WASHINGTON — The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed major legislation Tuesday to hold employees more accountable at the Department of Veterans Affairs in the wake of numerous scandals in recent years.
The bipartisan legislation passed the House Tuesday 368 to 55. The bill already passed the Senate and it now goes to President Donald Trump who is expected to sign it into law.
Reforming the VA and increasing accountability on VA employees was a consistent theme of Trump's during the campaign.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed VA Secy. Outlines How Vets Will Benefit from New, Unified Health Records 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act would protect whistleblowers within the department and make it easier to fire federal employees.
“This has been a long time in coming,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said Tuesday, calling this legislation one of, “if not the biggest step we have taken to turn this page” following scandals within the Veterans Administration.
Related: Lawmakers Reach Agreement on Stalled Accountability Bill
“With this legislation, Secretary (David) Shulkin will have the tools that he needs to deliver the kind of change that our veterans have been demanding. And most fundamentally, it will assure veterans that when we say that we are a grateful nation, we mean it,” Ryan said Tuesday morning ahead of the vote.
This legislation - introduced by Sens. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, Jon Tester, D-Montana, and Johnny Isakson, R-Georgia, has dozens of co-sponsors in the Senate and passed by voice vote in the upper chamber on June 6.
Amazon has joined forces with Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase in a bid to slash health care costs for their 1.1 million employees — creating a possible "black swan" event that could disrupt the industry.
Together, the three partners will combine resources to create an independent company that will initially focus on “technology solutions” to provide “high-quality and transparent health care at a reasonable cost.”
“Amazon is well poised to enter, and disrupt, the health care industry as we know it," Forrester Senior Analyst Kate McCarthy said in an email. "They have the scale and digital and customer experience capacity to bring efficiencies and improvements to the industry that are long overdue."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Amazon, Chase, and Berkshire Hathaway team up to revolutionize health care 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Working out the business with their own employees first would be a smart way to test out the product before opening it up to the general market, she said — and that could be a game changer.
"I'm not going to call this a black swan event yet because there are few details and it would be making too many assumptions, but it has potential to be," said Jared Holz, an analyst at Jefferies.
The development is even "more promising than the news Amazon was getting into the prescription business," Jason Gomberg, a principal and pharmaceutical consulting actuary with Milliman, told NBC News in an email, "and the stock market seems to agree."
Wall Street responded swiftly to the news, with shares in CVS, UnitedHealth, and Aetna all seeing their shares take a tumble of up to 8 percent. Pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts fell nearly 5 percent.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Major companies changing how they handle healthcare 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The ballooning costs of health care act as a hungry tapeworm on the American economy,” said Buffett in a joint statement announcing the partnership. “We share the belief that putting our collective resources behind the country's best talent can, in time, check the rise in health costs while concurrently enhancing patient satisfaction and outcomes.”
“Our goal is to create solutions that benefit our U.S. employees, their families and, potentially, all Americans,” said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase.
The soaring price of health care has drawn a new light on an interconnected machine of players that comprise the U.S. health care system. Before a drug reaches a patient, it effectively passes through the control of the drugmaker, an insurer, a pharmacy benefit manager (or PBM), a wholesale distributor, and a pharmacist, with each taking a cut along the way. Most patients never see the real cost of a drug and have grown accustomed to paying a nominal $30 or so co-pay for many prescriptions.
But as health plans have rejiggered to control costs, more patients have gotten exposed to paying full "list price" at the pharmacy counter, which can run into the hundreds of dollars. That has patients, parents, and politicians up in arms. After the emergency anti-allergic reaction drug EpiPen raised its list prices to $600, as reported by NBC News, angry families stormed social media and contacted their representatives. The drugmaker, Mylan, ended up answering questions on Capitol Hill and was fined by the DOJ for overcharging Medicare.
During that controversy the company's CEO drew a new bead on one of the cogs in the health care system, the PBMs, suggesting they were to blame for most of the markup. PBMs negotiate prices between insurers and drugmakers and apply cost-saving techniques to the "formulary" of approved drugs.
Insurers and PBMs are frequently involved in contentious lawsuits with one another over pricing and profit, all adding to the pressure for new ways to reduce the cost of health care.
The PBM industry wishes the new partnership luck but is taking a wait and see approach, said Mark Merritt, President and CEO of PCMA, a trade organization representing American pharmacy benefit managers.
"If they have great ideas, we'd be glad to hear them. If they're good idea, we're happy to take them and run with them," said Merritt.
He also cautioned against companies getting involved in a complicated business that's not part of their core competency.
"These are three great companies with three smart CEOs, but I kind of take this in some way as if health care experts say they're going to fix the banking industry," said Merritt. "I think health care solutions are better solved on the back end rather than talking about what people's aspirations are."
(KPRC) Investigators in Harris County, Texas have recovered nearly $1 million worth of meth-laced lollipops.
Deputies were responding to a call Monday about a burglary to a home in Spring when they discovered the drugs.
Two suspects, Evonne Mick and David Salinas were caught leaving the residence and loading a vehicle with the drug-laced candy.
Deputies said the suspects couldn't even close their car door because there were so many drugs packed into the vehicle.
NEW YORK — An estimated 6.3 million people saw the premiere of Netflix's “Lost in Space” within the first three days that the streaming service made it available this month. That's a promising start for the remake, already one of the outlet's more popular series after the phenomenon of “Stranger Things.”
The Nielsen company shows that many “Lost in Space” viewers binged. The average viewer of the series watched two and a half hours a day.
Within three days, Nielsen says nearly 1.2 million people watched the premiere season's 10th and last episode — a clear indication of how many people quickly watched the entire season.
Nielsen says that roughly 10 per cent of all TV viewing now is through streaming services. Half of that streaming viewing was on Netflix.
Glenavon beat Dungannon Swifts 3-0 at Mourneview Park to reach the quarter-finals of the Irish Cup, Andy Mitchell, Stephen Murray and Marc Griffin scoring the goals.
Dungannon had Mark Patton sent-off late in the game.
Toyota announced that it has achieved more than 10 million cumulative units of hybrid vehicle (HV) sales, including plug-in hybrids, as of Jan. 31. The latest milestone was achieved just nine months after total sales reached 9 million units at the end of April 2016.
Toyota Motor North America also saw its sales of hybrids and plug-in hybrids reach a cumulative total exceeding 3 million units as of Dec. 31, 2016.
“The Prius stands as an icon for sustainability and efficiency, and is a shining example of what you can achieve when you have the right idea to help solve a problem,” said Bob Carter, senior vice president of automotive operations for Toyota Motor North America. “Hybrids remain an important part of our lineup of vehicles, with over 246,000 units sold last year, and we have seen continued demand with the release of the RAV4 Hybrid variant of the popular compact SUV, accounting for nearly 13 percent of its total sales volume in 2016.”
Takeshi Uchiyamada, known as the father of the Prius and co-chairman of the board of directors at Toyota, said, “When we launched Prius, no one even knew what a hybrid was, but, thanks to early adopters, hybrids have ridden a wave of success into the mainstream.” He added, “We are grateful to each and every one of our customers who have helped us achieve this important [global] milestone.”
As of Jan. 31, Toyota estimates that the use of Toyota's hybrid vehicles, as an alternative to conventional gasoline-powered vehicles of similar size and driving performance, has resulted in approximately 77 million fewer tons of CO2 emissions and has saved approximately 7.66 million gallons of gasoline (29 million kiloliters).
More than a numerical milestone, the company says the results demonstrate the staying power of hybrid powertrain technology, which has emerged as a mainstream solution to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and other pollutants. Toyota says it values activities to help reduce the environmental effects of automobiles. This achievement builds on its belief that widespread adoption of more environmentally-friendly vehicles can make a significant positive impact worldwide.
To learn more about the history, development and future of hybrid technology at Toyota, visit this link.
'Dog's Purpose' on-set trainers deny animal abuse "Last week, a falsely edited video was released to the media," Birds & Animals Unlimited said in a statement.
'I didn't want to choose between my wife and dog' Controversy flared on the Internet this week over a video showing what seemed a terrified German shepherd being forced into water for the movie “A Dog's Purpose.” PETA called for...
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — After the AFC Championship game, one line jumped off the stat sheet.
PENALTIES: Jaguars 6-98 yards, Patriots 1-10 yards.
It was the latest evidence this season the Patriots always seem to be the beneficiaries of the way the game is called. Whether it is flagging on the opponent, a lack of flags on them or overturned crucial calls by the New York replay official, the Patriots seem to get all the breaks.
That has led to cries this year that the officials are biased toward the Patriots and conspiracy theories about the league wanting Bill Belichick and Tom Brady to keep winning. Others argue the Patriots are simply better coached than their opponents and Belichick is a rules guru who makes sure his team is always educated on what they can and cannot get away with.
If the Patriots get a big flag or overturned call that goes their way in Super Bowl LII on Sunday against the Eagles, the howling from Philadelphia will be loud.
A look at the number shows the Patriots are one of the least penalized teams, but not the least. They had 100 penalties this season, 6.39 penalties per game, which is the second fewest in the NFL behind the Panthers, who were flagged 6.18 times. The Patriots had double-digit penalties in just one game this year and were penalized once in two games and had just two penalties three times.
No team converted more first downs by penalty (50) than the Patriots. They also had more automatic first downs (43) than any other team. Pass interference is a specialty of theirs. The Patriots gained 355 yards on defensive pass interference calls against their opponents, the most in the NFL.
On the other side of the ball, the Patriots allowed just 23 first downs by penalty, the lowest total in the league.
Beyond the statistical evidence of the Patriots' penalty prowess is the anecdotal.
Several crucial replay calls went their way this season in games the Patriots won:
An overturned touchdown by Jets tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins.
An overturned touchdown by Bills wide receiver Kelvin Benjamin.
An overturned touchdown from Steelers tight end Jesse James.
In the AFC title game two weeks ago, Jacksonville led 14-3 before three killer penalties against the Jaguars before halftime led to a swing in momentum for New England. On the other side, the Patriots had one penalty, the lowest penalty total in a playoff game since the 2011 AFC Championship, when (wait for it) New England had one in a win over the Ravens.
Against Jacksonville, there was also a whistle after a fumble recovery by Jaguars linebacker Myles jack that prevented a return by him. Video, captured at the end of the game, of an official congratulating Brady only fed the conspiracy theory.
So is it a conspiracy or another example of Belichick's coaching acumen?
If you asked the Jaguars' players after the game, they would cry conspiracy, but it's hard to find anyone else — beyond fans of opposing teams — who believes that.
“There's no bias,” said Mike Pereira, the former vice president of officiating for the NFL who now works for FOX. “If there was a bias, what about Spygate? What about Deflategate? If the league has a bias in favor of the Patriots, that's nuts. I think people need to step back and say maybe the Patriots are just better coached, maybe they spend more time in penalty prevention and maybe Bill Belichick knows the rulebook better than any other coach in the league. We all know that he figures out ways to take advantage of a rule, not break it, but take advantage of the rule.”
Ask those inside the Patriots and they will tell you how much time they spend studying the rules and teaching them to the players. Longtime Patriots offensive line coach Dante Scarnecchia said players know penalties won't be tolerated.
“I don't know if we're like anybody else,” Scarnecchia said. “I do know what our culture is there. If you jump offsides in practice, you go take a lap and that practice isn't waiting for you. As you're running around the field, you're losing your reps. That can be anybody. It can be the quarterback. It can be the wide receiver. It can be a lineman. That's not tolerated.
“You'll never hear one of our players say, and I say this from a prideful stance, our players will never say, ‘That's all right' to a guy who commits a penalty. Collectively, we can't have it. We don't say it's all right. There's a price to be paid if you're a guy who has a lot of penalties.”
Former Patriots safety Rodney Harrison believes the conspiracy theories are just another example of Patriots Envy.
“It's dumb,” Harrison said. “Everyone hates us. Everywhere I go people hate us. When you're a Patriot, you're just an enemy of everyone else. Everyone is trying to be like the Patriots.”
It's day 16 without electricity for most of Puerto Rico.
Two weeks ago, Hurricane Maria hit the island as a Category 4 storm, wiping out the whole power grid. As of Friday, only half of Puerto Rico had safe drinking water.
Related: The federal emergency response in Puerto Rico has been slow, and there's a long way to go
The federal relief effort for the island has been criticized as slow and insufficient.
“Since the storm, we haven't had much assistance,” says Heidi Orndoff, who lives in a little town right outside of Fajardo.
But the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other federal personnel are there trying to help.
The World's Jasmine Garsd met some them, on a mission to deliver food and water via helicopter.
"The crew we were with today was extremely professional, extremely kind. But the reality is, Marco [host of The World], it took about three hours of bureaucracy and red tape just to take off the ground and do one mission," says Garsd. "And I don't know how long that amount of food and water is going to last."
And there are bigger problems: How are they going to refrigerate things? How are people going to get medicine? It just felt like a drop in the bucket, says Garsd.
To hear more about the fly-along, listen to the interview, above.
Related: On the mainland, local officials offer help to Puerto Rico
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
We pick over the bones of a game that stuttered along for long periods before Johnny Sexton stamped his class over proceedings in a dramatic finale at the Stade de France.
Here is how the players fared in Paris.
Rob Kearney 6/10
Two errors detracted from an otherwise solid showing from the full-back who snuffed out danger on a number of occasions without ever getting the opportunity to threaten going forward.
Keith Earls 7/10
Always dangerous with ball in hand and another huge shift defensively, showing no fear in the face of the hulking Vakatawa. Played a crucial role in the final play to catch Sexton's initial chip to the wing that ultimately led to the match-winning score.
Robbie Henshaw 7/10
The glue in the Irish backline. Like Brian O'Driscoll before him, is the lynchpin in green with a huge appetite to close down opposition threats.
Bundee Aki 7/10
Like his midfield partner, not afraid to put his body on the line and always a threat with ball in hand as he powered to the gainline.
Jacob Stockdale 6/10
For a man with an impressive scoring rate this season, it simply wasn't that kind of game for the Ulster winger, trying to find and create openings that rarely appeared. Quick to assist at the breakdown.
Johnny Sexton 9/10
He missed one penalty in the game. There, we have the negative stuff out of the way. Courageous call in injury-time to kick to Earls on the wing, and then showed composure and no little skill to seal victory. A moment of class from a world class operator.
Conor Murray 7.5/10
Another fine showing from the Munster man. You expect no less from Murray at this stage, though was clearly frustrated by Nigel Owens' reffing at the breakdown as the French looked to slow ball at every opportunity.
Cian Healy 7/10
Repaid Joe Schmidt's faith with a solid performance in the scrum. Never took a backward step, no penalties conceded and Jack McGrath has a fight on his hands to get back into the team.
Rory Best (capt) 6.5/10
Put himself about and stayed tidy in his set-piece work. Will rue a couple of throws at the lineout.
Tadhg Furlong 7/10
Not as many of his bullocking runs, though one resulted Sexton's missed penalty attempt near the end when scores were at a premium.
James Ryan 8/10
A brilliant performance from the Leinster youngster. Gave a poor pass to Conor Murray early on and also gave away a penalty, but grew into the game and was arguably Ireland's best forward. A leader already.
Iain Henderson 7.5/10
More big carries from the Ulster man and was always quick to halt the French big hitters before they got up ahead of steam. Perhaps overshawdowed by Ryan in the second row, but gets through an amount of unseen work.
Peter O'Mahony 7/10
Worked tirelessly and again showed himself to be a threat in the lineouts. Not as conspicuous as his two fellow backrowers, but again, an amount of defensive work that is best appreciated by team-mates.
Josh van der Flier 6/10
His night was cut short by injury, but did offer himself as a carrier on a number of occasions, one of the perceived weaker points of his game.
CJ Stander 7.5/10
The South African never shied away from making carry after carry. The yards were hard earned in Paris, but the number 8 was up to the task and threw himself at every blue jersey that came his way.
Replacements:
Flanker Dan Leavy (6.5/10) looked lively stepping in before half-time for Van der Flier, though did concede a costly second half penalty. Sean Cronin (6/10) slotted in seamlessly for captain Best, while Jack McGrath, Devin Toner, Fergus McFadden and John Ryan were not on long enough to be rated.
The Utah Jazz begin an Eastern Conference road trip tonight in Brooklyn and Alec Burks could make his season debut for the Jazz.
It's been an up and down season injury-wise for the Utah Jazz, but fans have to be happy to see Alec Burks upgraded to questionable for tonight's contest against Brooklyn. Dante Exum (patellar tendinitis) and George Hill (lip laceration/concussion-like symptons) are both out, but an Alec Burks return would be exciting.
He hasn't played a single game yet this season, as he has been rehabbing his ankle. In fact, Burks has only been able to suit up for 58 games over the past two seasons. He's always been a very talented offensive player and has played solid defense during his time with the Jazz.
.@UofUHealthCare // Update QUESTIONABLE
Burks (ankle rehab) OUT
Exum (patellar tendinitis)
Hill (lip laceration/concussion-like symptoms) — Utah Jazz (@utahjazz) January 2, 2017
Last season, Burks shot a career-high 40.5 percent from three-point land. He's definitely improved his jump shot over the years and it has become a reliable weapon for him. He thrives when attacking the basket, and would give the Jazz a nice offensive punch coming off the bench. Burks averaged 13.3 points and 3.5 rebounds per game last season for the Jazz.
Burks will likely be on a strict minutes restriction when he returns to the court, but it'll be great to see him back out there and hopefully he can stay healthy for the rest of the season.
The Jazz will be without Dante Exum again, as he continues to nurse his knee. And George Hill will be out as well. He took a nasty elbow from Alex Len during the win over Phoenix last night and experienced concussion-like symptoms. Without Exum and Hill, we will continue to see a lot of Shelvin Mack as well as Raul Neto who will continue playing rotational minutes.
More from Purple and Blues
After kicking off a five-game road trip with the game tonight against Brooklyn, the Jazz will be in Boston, Toronto, Minnesota, and Memphis. It's going to be a tough road trip, so hopefully the Jazz can get some healthy bodies out there to start 2017 out right.
This article originally appeared on
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
easyseek does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Florida SEO Consultant Articles: 0 Seeds: 3438 Comments: 0 Since: Mar 2016
STILLWATER, Okla. – Standing on the edge of the 18th green, his earpiece still dangling, his Swinging Pete hat soaked with sweat, Oklahoma State athletic director Mike Holder reflected on all that he'd helped build.
This program.
This culture.
This event that now has turned into a made-for-TV drama.
After all, it was Holder, the legendary former golf coach here, who was instrumental in bringing match play to the NCAA Championship. That decision wasn't made lightly, especially since the shift away from the 72-hole, play-five, count-four, stroke-play format came at the expense of blueblood programs like his.
“Our fans like to blame me for us not having two or three more championships,” Holder said. “But something needed to happen. No one turned out to tournaments to watch other than family members. You couldn't get it on television. No one could understand the format. You needed to simplify it and get it down to what people can understand.”
Even the most casual fans could understand this Wednesday: Host Oklahoma State put on a show unlike any other in the history of college golf.
More than 3,000 orange-clad fans endured 95-degree temperatures and swarmed Karsten Creek to watch the five matches, creating roars so loud that players on neighboring holes had to back off shots. They had plenty to cheer for, as Oklahoma State – the winningest program in the modern era, the undisputed No. 1 team all season long, the subject of a behind-the-scenes reality show – hammered Alabama, 5-0, to capture its 11th NCAA Championship.
“I usually say that the dream is always better than the reality,” Holder said afterward, “but I'm not so sure in this case. It couldn't be any better.”
Perhaps neither could this team.
Oklahoma State's 10 victories tied the most in program history. The Cowboys became the first since Houston in 1977 to record double-digit wins, including an NCAA title.
Though there might not have been a superstar on this year's roster – though National Freshman of the Year Matthew Wolff almost certainly will become one – it's one of the deepest ever assembled. All five starters posted a sub-par scoring average. All five starters were inside the top 75 in Golfstat's rankings. All five starters either won or finished second in an event this season. This team was so talented, and so deep, that even the bench was chock-full of former All-Americans and players who were good enough to secure status on a pro tour but not on their own starting five.
And so, in many ways, this NCAA Championship felt like a coronation.
NCAA Men's DI Championship: Scoring
NCAA Men's DI Championship: Full coverage
After earning the top seed after stroke play, Oklahoma State outlasted No. 2-ranked Texas A&M in the quarterfinals and then convincingly dispatched SEC champion Auburn in the afternoon semifinals.
No top seed had ever gone on to win the match-play portion, but the Cowboys drained all of the drama out of the championship match by the end of the front nine.
Leading off, sophomore Viktor Hovland was 7 under and won, 4 and 3.
In the anchor spot, junior Zach Bauchou went out in 29 and rolled, 8 and 7.
And in the middle, Wolff was 7 under and holed the clinching putt, a 20-footer for birdie on 15 that elicited a defeaning roar usually reserved for PGA Tour events.
In total, the Cowboys played the front nine in 14 under and trailed for just seven holes overall. It's the first time in the match-play era that a team swept its opponent and didn't reach the 17th hole in any match.
Their mission all season long was to dominate – assistant coach Donnie Darr even said they had a pre-tournament goal of securing all 15 points in match play, or going 5-0 in the three matches – and they put on a clinic in the final.
“Wow,” Alabama coach Jay Seawell said. “They were just really good today.”
The Cowboys, of course, have been really good since they captured their first NCAA title in 1963, with Labron Harris at the helm. Ten years later, Holder took over the program and experienced unrivaled success, winning a national title in four different decades (and eight in all) and establishing a winning culture.
“Playing for Mike Holder,” said current Oklahoma State coach Alan Bratton, “I had an example of excellence every single day. If he did something, he did it great. That wears off on people.”
All of that success breeds expectation, though. Holder dismissed popular coach Mike McGraw in 2013 after a few seasons that weren't up to his lofty standards. In came Bratton, who was part of OSU's 1995 NCAA title team that knocked off Stanford and its head-turning freshman, Tiger Woods.
But for all of its glitz and glamour, Oklahoma State had gone a dozen years without a title, and ironically, some of those close calls stemmed from the Holder-led switch to match play.
Since 2009, Oklahoma State has on multiple occasions boasted the best team in the country, but with no national titles to show for it. That included a few heartbreakers: the 2010 season, when the Cowboys lost in the championship match; the '11 campaign, when they dropped their semifinal match to tiny Augusta State, here at home; and then in '14, when a thousand OSU fans bused two-and-a-half hours to Prairie Dunes, only to watch a dynastic Alabama team capture its second consecutive title.
“Why wouldn't you want that pressure to perform?” Bratton said. “Why would you compete if you don't expect to do well? Everybody should expect to win or they shouldn't be in the game.”
The anticipation was at an all-time high this season.
The Cowboys were the preseason No. 1. They returned a team with proven All-Americans and welcomed a pair of freshmen who were highly prized recruits. They were playing nationals on their home course. And while hoping for some exposure (and perhaps a DVR keepsake of their championship run) they agreed to appear on a four-part mini-series that took a behind-the-scenes look at the program and their rivalry with Oklahoma.
“You'd be crazy to think there wasn't any pressure,” Darr said. “But I think it helped us get better. We were experienced with the cameras and comfortable on the big stage.”
It helps, too, that Oklahoma State can rely on its fraternity of former players. This team had unprecedented support in its quest for a title, with alumni on-hand from every era, including two players from the 1963 team all the way through four of the five members of the '06 squads, all sporting their championship rings. They hollered all afternoon as the boys poured in putts.
“Every single one of them was here,” Holder said. “If they weren't here physically, they were spiritually.”
Those who made the trip down the street or up the highway or across the country were treated to the most dominant performance in the match-play era. And when it was over, when Wolff dropped in the birdie putt and the crowd exploded, the Oklahoma State players donned NATIONAL CHAMPION hats and whirled T-shirts above their heads.
“This feels like relief in a lot of ways,” Darr said. “I think that tells you a lot about the pressure we were experiencing.”
And the payoff was worth it.
Arriving at the 18th green in carts, Oklahoma State's five starters received a hero's welcome, greeted by hundreds of sunburned fans who waited on a hillside just to witness a trophy presentation that, for them, probably took 11 years too long.
Looking around at the delirious scene unfolding around him, Holder marveled at what his program and this sport have become.
“I've always said that when you get the right elements together and you embrace it, when you don't shy away from the pressure, then you can do magical things that you only dream of,” he said. “And there's nothing quite like this that I've seen.”
Families of 9/11 victims are outraged that a climactic scene involving a greedy hedge-funder in the season finale of Showtime's “Billions” was filmed at the Ground Zero Memorial. The May...
A sky-typing plane crashed in a wooded area of Long Island on Wednesday afternoon, killing the pilot, authorities said.
The SNJ-2 plane — which had the words “U.S.S. Intrepid” on the fuselage, and was part of the Geico sky-typing and air show team — was one of some flying in formation shortly before it plummeted from the sky just off Northcote Drive in Melville around 1:55 p.m., officials said.
The “propeller-type” plane appeared to break into pieces before it hit the ground, according to a spokeswoman for the Town of Huntington.
A photo posted on Twitter showed emergency responders working to extinguish the flaming wreckage, with the plane's red-and-white striped tail visible in the smoke.
Officials confirmed one fatality — with sources adding that the victim was the pilot, the only person aboard the plane.
The pilot's identity wasn't immediately released.
It remains unclear what caused the craft to go down.
A message left with the Farmingdale, LI-based Geico Skytypers wasn't immediately returned.
Messages left for The Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum also went unanswered, and it's not clear if or how the plane was affiliated with the Manhattan military museum.
Whitby Town's play-off hopes were as good as ended, on Monday, after a 5-1 humbling by champions Blyth Spartans at Croft Park.
With barely a minute on the clock, Luke Armstrong broke the deadlock for the champions. He battled well up against May, and slotted home low to Bland's left.
The disastrous start continued for the Blues, and just ninety seconds later, the hosts doubled their advantage, with Dan Maguire bundling a loose ball off the crossbar into the net.
The Spartans weren't to be stopped either, and increased the lead further, on 13 minutes.
A ball headed out by Andrew May found ex-Blue David McTiernan, who rifled an unstoppable volley into the top corner from 25 yards.
Whitby, despite the dominance of their hosts, did have chances.
Kieran Weledji was thwarted by a low save from Paul Woolston, before Dale Hopson attempted a chip from 25 yards, though he could only find the roof of the net.
Hardy's men were made to rue those missed chances further, just a couple of minutes before half-time.
Armstrong, who recently signed for Middlesbrough, showed his quality again. Lee Bullock was caught flat-footed after a poor touch, allowing the forward to get in behind the Blues' defence and finish one-on-one into the bottom left corner.
Whitby looked brighter after the break, but with the game gone they were playing almost just for pride.
Hopson did look to find a way back in for his side, and produced his 30th goal of the season, with another goal of top quality, chipping first time over Woolston from a tight angle.
The Seasiders did almost make a game of it, and could have been in with a shout of making a tense final few minutes.
The ball found a way through to Mikey Roberts, who, with his back to goal, could only put wide with a bicycle kick.
Blyth restored the four goal advantage soon after to kill off any chance of Whitby getting back into the game, with Jarrett Rivers' cross into box finding a sly way into the back of the net.
Call it a win for both history buffs and food lovers.
Prominent South Bay restaurateur Jordan Trigg has leased one of the oldest buildings in San Jose's Japantown and plans to reopen it as JTown Pizza. He and his Dipsomania Inc. already own properties nearby in Japantown (7 Bamboo, Jack's) as well as in downtown Campbell (boilermaker, Spread) and Willow Glen (20Twenty).
For Carol Chen and Max Soloviev, who spent $2 million renovating the North Sixth Street landmark as Wenzhou Fish, Noodles & More, it's the answer to their quandary.
The first-time entrepreneurs — he's a computer engineer, she's in real estate — found that running a restaurant was challenging for their family, so they had been searching since early this year for an operator who could offer both restaurant savvy and an appreciation for the building's historic significance.
“Our restaurant was originally part of Chinatown, which is now more known as Japantown,” Chen told Mercury News columnist Sal Pizarro in January, “and we feel that if someone could take it to the next level, e.g. upscale fusion cuisine style, he or she would have high chances to make the business grow and help us maintain this beautiful landmark.”
According to Soloviev, Trigg will keep the remodeling to a minimum and keep intact much of what the couple brought to their initial renovation.
Related Articles Around Town: Wenzhou noodle restaurant closes; what's next for historic Japantown building?
New restaurant in landmark San Jose building The architectural gem, estimated to have been built between 1890 and 1905, served as a boardinghouse for Japanese workers before being transformed into a chop suey restaurant. The eatery, Ken Ying Low, thrived for years in what was then part of Heinlenville, San Jose's Chinatown. After the 1950s, the building became a Filipino restaurant and then a Cuban one.
So while the new menu won't be the one that Chen had been initially hoping for — she wanted to preserve the focus on Chinese cuisine — the building is no stranger to cultural evolution.
Plus, she noted, “Everyone knows Jordan in Japantown.”
Posing for a selfie, at first glance of this image you would think it is pop princess Taylor Swift.
But in fact, the girl in the picture is a lookalike that is an absolute dead ringer for the singer – even her most hardened fans have been fooled.
April Gloria, from Kansas is a cosplayer and often posts sultry selfies for her 70,000 Instagram followers.
But with her blonde bob hairstyle with swept over fringe, blue eyes and a love of wearing red lipstick, she looks exactly like “Shake It Off” hitmaker.
And even her poses are exactly the same as the singer's and she often posts selfies with her pet cats – similar to Taylor.
On one of her pictures, one of her followers wrote: “Omg she looks just like Taylor swift!”
While another said: “Could she look any more like Taylor swift?”
And one added: ‘Ummm this girl looks more like Taylor than Taylor.”
Taylor is thought to be taking a break from the limelight at the moment after telling fans at a concert in Texas last week they were attending her one and only gig of 2017.
It is unclear what the Blank Space star will think of her doppelganger April.
I got a ring light so I, too, can have white rings around my pupils 🎉 I'm slowly collecting things to make an amateurish photo studio in my house A post shared by April (@april_gloria) on Jan 19, 2017 at 2:15pm PST
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on The Sun.
The Presidents Cup wasn't the only thing Tiger Woods touted this weekend.
While serving as team captain Steve Stricker's assistant at the annual golf tournament at Liberty National Golf Club in Jersey City, the PGA pro was joined by lady friend Erica Herman. Identified on TigerWoods.com in February as the general manager of the golfer's Jupiter, Fla., eatery The Woods, Herman, 33, kept close to the father of two as the pair walked along the green.
According to Golf.com, the petite brunette also wore a “player spouse” credential, as she mingled with Jordan Spieth's girlfriend, Annie Verret.
Team USA walked away with another easy victory.
Though the nature of their relationship has yet to be confirmed, it appears Woods, 41, has bounced back following a summer of personal turmoil. Woods was found asleep at the wheel about 15 miles from his South Florida home in late May. He was arrested after failing multiple sobriety tests.
Woods split from girlfriend Kristin Smith last year, following a long-term relationship with Lindsey Vonn in May 2015. He shares daughter Sam and son Charlie with ex-wife Elin Nordegren.
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) – A 27-year-old woman faces a federal charge of attempted sex trafficking of a child after the FBI interviewed a Eugene man in a child pornography investigation.
Kelsey Christine Wheeler was arrested Friday by the FBI and is likely to make her first appearance in federal court in Portland Monday.
The FBI interviewed the man at his Eugene home on April 13. He told agents he responded to a sex ad online and met with a woman in January, then reportedly went from Eugene to Portland on a Monday night, documents show.
Using an alias, Wheeler told the man she could arrange an “encounter” between him and a 3-year-old who is known to her, the man told the FBI.
Last Friday, the FBI and Portland police got hold of Wheeler to check on the child. Documents showed she admitted using the alias the man said she used and that she'd been a prostitute off-and-on since she was 15.
Wheeler also said the man wanted a “mother-daughter” sexual experience and offered to pay $6000, documents showed.
Investigators found a Child Protectives Services report from Nevada that included a caller who said Wheeler was found in an apartment bedroom with another man and a child, all who were wearing minimal clothing.
Wheeler disputed that Nevada report and said someone was just being vengeful. When she was shown the evidence, documents revealed, Wheeler said it looked “very bad” for her.
Investigators also searched the Eugene man's phone and found a number associated with Wheeler.
At this time, there is no record of the man from Eugene being arrested.
After 76 seasons and 1,822 games, St. Francis Brooklyn has the opportunity to finally join college basketball's big party Tuesday night. Beat No. 2-seed Robert Morris at the tiny 1,000-seat...
For the third straight year, Central Connecticut guard Kyle Vinales saw his season end in Staten Island. As the clock counted down to an already-determined conclusion of the Northeast Conference...
NEW YORK (AP) — Hackers continue to pester HBO, but didn't release any material related to the network's hit show “Game of Thrones” in their latest leak.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have been doling out stolen information for the past several weeks, released more unaired episodes, including several of the highly anticipated return of “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” which debuts in October.
The latest dump includes Sunday night's episode of “Insecure,” another popular show, and what appear to be episodes of other lower-profile shows, including “Ballers,” the unaired shows “Barry” and “The Deuce,” a comedy special and other programming.
The network acknowledged the hack in late July, and the thieves have been dribbling out stolen video and documents since then while demanding a multimillion-dollar ransom .
They have leaked “Game of Thrones” scripts, sensitive internal documents like job offer letters and a month's worth of emails from a programming executive. But the intrusion has so far fallen well short of the chaos inflicted on Sony when the studio was hacked in 2014.
Still, the criminals may be holding on to more damaging data — both intellectual property, like unaired programming, and sensitive personal information of HBO employees — that they can use as leverage to try to get money from HBO, said Gartner analyst Avivah Litan.
“It's kind of like kidnap and ransom and torture,” she said. “Eventually HBO may have to give in.”
In an emailed statement Sunday, HBO said it's “not going to participate” in what it described as attempts to generate attention by dropping “bits and pieces of stolen information.” The company added that it was not in communication with the hackers. It has said previously that it doesn't believe its email system as a whole was breached.
Premier League is too good for old ideas A refusal to evolve is hurting a number of Premier League teams this season.
Examining Tottenham's window for success What the latest North London derby tells us about its participants.
Nothing can capture the insanity of United's win over Arsenal Matches between top six teams rarely live up to the hype. Manchester United versus Arsenal exceeded it. Both teams came out to play. Both teams executed their game plans. Both...
Arsenal shows the weakness in Tottenham's rise Tottenham's takeover of north London was put on hold, at least for one weekend, by an Arsenal team that was supposed to be in crisis. Following an opening thirty minutes...
Liverpool's attack more than makes up for its defensive weakness With attacking options like those at manager Jürgen Klopp's disposal, who cares about defense
Losing to Arsenal turns Jose Mourinho's world upside down Jose Mourinho smiled at the final whistle, content in the spring sunshine that enveloped the Emirates stadium in north London. The normally fiery Manchester United manager looked relaxed as he...
Don't underestimate this Tottenham milestone Even before this weekend's North London derby, it was all but assured Tottenham would finish ahead of Arsenal in the table for the first time in 22 years. Sunday's game...
With only hours to go before the first of seven death row inmates were scheduled to be executed, the Arkansas Supreme Court halted the procedures, putting yet another legal roadblock in the state's plan to conduct an unprecedented number of executions before the end of the month.
Monday's move grants stays for Bruce Ward and Don Davis.
Lawyers for the men wanted the stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a case on access to independent mental health experts by defendants.
The Supreme Court is set to hold oral arguments in the case on April 24 – putting a serious time constraint on Arkansas, which is trying to fast-track the lethal injections before one of the three key execution drugs expire on April 30.
There was a flurry of activity over the executions this past weekend.
A federal judge on Saturday temporarily blocked plans by the state to push through the executions, claiming that Arkansas' rush to execute is reckless and unconstitutional. In response, state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said all the issues being raised previously had been dealt with and claimed it was a stalling tactic.
“Appellees have had multiple opportunities to challenge their convictions, sentences, and – critically – their method of execution,” Rutledge said in a court brief. “Their guilt is beyond dispute.”
The inmates are all convicted murderers, including one found guilty of raping and murdering a mother of two and another convicted in the torture-killing of a 15-year-old boy.
The unprecedented pace of executions sought by the state stems from a practical dilemma – its supply of midazolam, one of three drugs used in its lethal injection procedure, is set to expire at the end of the month. Since 2013, at least four botched executions have been traced back to midazolam.
The executions had originally been expected to start on Monday. But even before the federal judge decision over the weekend, a state judge on Friday blocked the use of one of the drugs used in the three-drug lethal cocktail after a complaint from a drug distributor — though the company said Saturday it was withdrawing its complaint due to the federal order.
ARKANSAS EXECUTIONS: WHO'S ON DEATH ROW
The ongoing court battles are part of a remarkable push; no state has tried to execute so many people in such a short period – or with so much controversy over how the punishment is carried out.
Robert Dunham, president of the Death Penalty Information Center, told Reuters that midazolam is an “inappropriate drug under any circumstance and carries an inherent risk of something going wrong.”
Arizona, Kentucky and Florida have abandoned the use of the drug.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican, is pushing back on criticism and says the state has waited long enough – in some cases, more than two decades, for justice.
During a press conference in February, Hutchinson defended his actions, saying it wasn't his “choice” to schedule the executions so close together.
“I would love to have those extended over a period of multiple months and years, but that's not the circumstances that I find myself in,” he said.
Initially, eight men were on the calendar to die in 11 days but a federal judge on Thursday ordered a stay for Bruce Ward following a recommendation from the Arkansas Parole Board that he be granted clemency. Ward was set to be put to death on Monday.
The death row inmates scheduled for execution are all men — four are black, three are white and all were convicted of murder.
Arkansas has not had an execution in more than a decade. If the state gets its way, it could perform three pairs of dual executions, though critics warn this increases the chances of something going wrong.
Defense attorney Jeff Rosenzweig, who represents three of the men the state is looking to execute, argues Arkansas' rush to complete the executions is unconstitutional and “reeks of an assembly line.”
“The kindest word I can say is that it's unseemly,” he told Fox News during a phone interview.
The race for the state to beat the drug expiration deadline has set off protests from corrections officers, human rights groups and religious leaders, as well as last-minute legal challenges from the inmates and pharmaceutical makers.
Protesters started flooding the state capitol in Little Rock on Friday to urge Hutchinson to block the executions.
The 9-year-old boy was “slobbering at the mouth” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him, according to police in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
When he was discovered around 1 p.m. in a Home Depot parking lot, the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes, according to police. The heat index that day hit 94 degrees, FOX 8 reports.
“There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up,” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call, which was obtained by FOX. “I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door.”
The 911 caller said he found the car's rear driver-side door unlocked when he tried to open it. He also said that, when the child was still in the car, he appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick, WKYC reports.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid,” the caller told dispatchers.
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive, WKYC reports. Police found the boy with his hair drenched in sweat, and his face "extremely flushed.” The boy was autistic and seemed “confused about how to get out of the car," News 5 reports.
Paul Bayer, 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy, another officer went into the store looking for the child's guardian. Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer, the boyfriend of the child's mother, ran out of the home improvement store, according to police. Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges. He apologized for the incident.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?," police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX.
"He got real quiet,” Bayer responded, FOX reports. “I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him."
The child was treated at the scene and his condition improved. Authorities then returned the child to his 36-year-old mother, News 5 reports. After he was booked, Bayer was released on bond, police said.
But before he was booked, Bayer may have had a heat incident of his own, police said: Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car, saying he needed a drink of water, Patch reports. Police said Bayer was flushed as well. Bayer eventually was able to sit upright, and was given water at the police station.
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney, FOX reports.
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs.
“The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death,” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook.
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
San Jose Sharks' Brenden Dillon, Sharks mascot Sharkie, and team physician Christopher Fowler visited students for the Kaiser Permanente's Stick to Fitness Street Hockey Program at Sunrise Middle School in San Jose on Tuesday. During the Stick to Fitness Program, students were able to participate in a question-and-answer session with Dillon and learn healthy habits.
WINNIPEG — There was an unexpected twist to the Winnipeg Jets' injury update after Monday's practice.
Coach Paul Maurice said defenceman Dmitry Kulikov decided not to have back surgery planned for Monday after meeting with surgeons.
“It's never clearly one way or the other that he should go (for surgery),” Maurice said. “So when he met for his final consult, again it's the player's choice with what he wants to do.
“He's going to forgo the surgery. There are other remedies with this so he didn't have surgery today.”
The team will have an update on Kulikov in three or four weeks. He was supposed to be out a minimum of eight weeks if he'd had surgery.
The injury happened in Winnipeg's 3-2 victory over New Jersey on March 8 right as he fired a shot.
Kulikov, 27, injured his back last season when he played for the Buffalo Sabres. He had been hit into an open door in a pre-season game and was limited to 47 games.
Maurice also updated the status of defenceman Jacob Trouba, who collided with Dallas Stars captain Jamie Benn in the third period of Winnipeg's 4-2 victory Sunday.
The pair made head-to-head contact and Trouba fell down. He was wobbly as he was helped off the ice and began undergoing the NHL concussion protocol.
Maurice said Trouba was going to see a specialist to get a diagnosis. The Dallas game had been Trouba's second after he missed 20 games with an ankle injury.
Winnipeg hosts the Los Angeles Kings on Tuesday.
From Port Royal Speedway
PORT ROYAL, Pa. (December 10, 2017) – The 2018 Port Royal Speedway schedule of events is taking shape with numerous high-profile events dotting the slate of events.
Opening day is slated for Saturday, March 10 at 5 pm featuring the 410 sprints and the super late models.
The Stars Circuit of Champions Keith Kauffman Classic will pump up the month of April on Saturday the 14th followed by the second appearance in as many years by the Lucas Oil Dirt Late Model stars on Sunday, April 22.
And then summer kicks off in a massive way when for the first time in history, a super late model back-to-back, doubleheader is coming to Port Royal Speedway in 2018 as part of the prestigious Bob Weikert Memorial holiday weekend program on May 26 and 27.
Sanctioned by the Northeast Ultimate Super Late Model Series, the mighty stock cars will race in $3,000 to win and $5,000 to win events respectively, both paying $400 just to start.
The Saturday May 26 NUSLMS show will be part of the Weikert Memorial weekend Fallen Heroes Championships at Port Royal when the Weikert Memorial 410 sprints compete for $5,000 to win
Sunday's NUSLMS event will be spun off as a companion to the big $10,000 to win 410 sprint Weikert Memorial main.
Early June will find the track hosting a $3,000 to win super late model main on the 2nd as part of the 2018 KRS Graphics Tri-Track Late Model Challenge Series.
As part of the annual Eastern Storm tour, the USAC Sprints will join the 410 sprints on Saturday, June 16.
For the first time in many seasons, 358 sprint racing will return to Port Royal on Saturday, June 30 when the K1 RaceGear Summer Series for 358s visits the oval.
A pair of Pennsylvania Speedweek events for 410 sprints will take place at the oval in 2018 with the first on Independence Day Wednesday, July 4 and another on Saturday, July 7.
The Living Legends Dream Race, again featuring the 410 sprints and super late models is planned for July 28.
The World of Outlaws Late Models will race for $10,000 to win at the track on Saturday, August 18, in action along with the Port Royal 410 sprint cars.
And then the annual Juniata County Fair will host the 410 sprints and super late model Butch Renninger Memorial paying $4,000 to win on Saturday, September 1.
Racing returns to the track with the annual sprint Labor Day Classic on September 3 followed by the granddaddy of them all at Port Royal, the two-day Tuscarora 50 for the Stars Circuit of Champions Sprints on Friday and Saturday, September 7 and 8 with the Saturday finale paying $51,000 to win and being aired on MAVTV.
October finds a special Friday night program being billed as the Speed Showcase taking place on the 12th featuring the 410 sprints and the Short Track Super Series big block and small block modifieds.
The month of October also features the very popular Open Wheel Madness program on October 20 offering action for the 410, URC and 305 sprints before the entire season closes on Friday and Saturday, October 26 and 27 with the two-day Nittany Showdown for the World of Outlaws Sprint Cars.
Stay up to date with all the latest Port Royal news and information by visiting the oval's official website at www.portroyalspeedway.com or by following the track on Facebook or Twitter.
It's the greatest fake news story of all time.
Grieving reporters gathered in Ukraine on Wednesday evening for a press conference about an anti-Kremlin Russian journalist who'd been gunned down in his home a day earlier.
Veteran war correspondent Arkady Babchenko — who'd fled Moscow for Kiev last year due to fears for his life — was surely just the latest person to meet a grisly end after crossing President Vladimir Putin, and news outlets across the world were hungry for more information.
Yes, the head of Ukraine's security service told the press — and authorities had now arrested a man who'd received $40,000 from Russian intelligence to organize a hit on Babchenko.
see also Ukraine faked journalist's assassination to catch hitmen An anti-Kremlin journalist who reportedly was gunned down outside his...
And that's when Arkady Babchenko walked into the room — sheepish but very much alive.
His “death” had really been an elaborate ruse to foil the very real assassination plot against him, he explained, “I'm still alive, and I'm not going anywhere,” the 41-year-old told the stunned room.
The stunt had been in the works for two months, Babchenko explained — when the Ukrainian Security Service first learned there was a bounty on his head. The agency contacted him a month ago.
“We were in touch the whole time, thinking things through and working them out,” he said Wednesday.
They finally went into action Tuesday, when Ukrainian authorities announced that the high-profile reporter's wife had found him bleeding out inside their apartment — and he'd later died on the way to a hospital.
A gunman had been lying in wait outside their apartment, and pumped three bullets into Babchenko when he left to buy bread, police had said.
The authorities went all-out making it seem like a real investigation.
Graphic photos of the reporter apparently lying facedown in a puddle of blood with three gunshot wounds in his back were released to the public.
The government circulated a police sketch of his alleged assassin — a bearded man in his 40s wearing a blue baseball cap, denim jacket and jeans.
It worked.
Friends and colleagues posted tributes online, while weeping neighbors laid a makeshift shrine of flowers and photos outside his home.
Vigils were in the works and people had begun fundraising for the futures of his six children.
The slaying made headlines around the world, and set off a diplomatic spat between Moscow and Kiev — with the Ukrainian government pointing the finger at the Kremlin for the “murder” while Russia hit back that its former ally “is becoming the most dangerous country for reporters.”
The whole hoax lasted 20 hours, before the big reveal at Wednesday's surreal press conference.
Babchenko apologized to his wife for “putting her through hell over the past two days” — although she and their kids were in on the scheme.
“Only people who had to know about this operation knew about it,” said Vasiliy Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service.
Friends and coworkers weren't among them. In Babchenko's own newsroom at Ukrainian television station ATR, some colleagues erupted in exuberant cheers while others covered their mouths in shock as they watched the scene play out on TV, footage of the moment shows.
“I should probably apologize for putting everyone through this, because I've buried friends and colleagues many times, and I know the sickening, disgusting feeling when you have to bury your colleagues,” he said.
“I'm sorry that you were forced to go through all this, but there simply was no alternative.”
Babchenko and Gritsak didn't explain specifically why the mastermind behind the assassination needed to believe the journalist was dead before he could be arrested — but the security chief insisted it was necessary.
The man, who officials dubbed Citizen G, had allegedly approached several acquaintances to carry out the hit — and one of those people had tipped authorities off to the plot, the BBC reports.
Citizen G ultimately recruited a Ukrainian war veteran for the job, and promised to pay him $30,000. The middleman was set to pocket $10,000 for his own efforts.
Authorities released footage of two men exchanging money inside a car — and of Citizen G's arrest on a public street.
Citizen G was also paid to stockpile weapons for larger terror attacks in Ukraine, including hundreds of Kalashnikovs, bullets, grenade launchers and explosives, authorities said.
After the slaying, he planned on fleeing Ukraine for Russia, Gritsak said.
Babshenki said it was clear Russia was behind the plan because the would-be killers had received information on him that could only have come from the Kremlin — including a photo from a decades-old passport.
“As far as I know, this information could only be obtained by the intelligence agencies and only at the passport office,” he said.
They were also given negative comments Babchenko had made about Putin annexing Crimea, such as, “Putin is an usurper who got power through force. There are no elections. Because elections are the FREE will of the people,” according to Buzzfeed.
The story may sound like something out of a bad thriller novel — but Babchenko had very real reasons to fear for his life.
The Moscow native had begun his adult life as a soldier, drafted into the Russian Army at 18 and sent to first in the first Chechen War before volunteering for the second.
But he became an outspoken critic of Putin when he started working as a war correspondent — railing against military action in Georgia, Syria and Ukraine.
“It was hard for him to justify the endless repetition of his Chechen experiences for others,” Russian reporter Leonid Bershidsky wrote in a column for Bloomberg.
But in December 2016, Babchenko really pissed off the regime when a Red Army plane carrying a military choir to sing for troops in Syria fatally crashed — and he wrote a Facebook post saying he felt no sympathy for the dead.
“After all these wars and deaths, I felt only one thing when I heard that the representatives of Russia's military had died: indifference. But for some, expressing this on Facebook was not patriotic enough. And so it began,” he later wrote in another post explaining why he was leaving Russia.
Politicians and state media said he should be deported, his home address and phone number were published online — and he was inundated with death threats, he wrote.
“A pro-government ultranationalist TV channel, Tsargrad, recently released a list of the — I'm number 10, and I fought twice for this country. A country I no longer feel safe in,” he wrote in the post.
He fled to Ukraine months later in early 2017 — but still feared he wasn't out of reach of the Kremlin.
Former Russian politician Denis Voronenkov had escaped to Kiev after speaking out against Putin in 2016 only to be gunned down in public last March — leaving Babchenko wondering if he'd be next, friends said.
“Today we got the answer to that question — he was right, famous Russian public figures are vulnerable in Ukraine,” Moscow-based BBC report Ilya Barabanov told the Daily Beast before Babchenko's fake-out was revealed.
After Babchenko's remarkable return from the dead Wednesday, reporters gathered in Kiev's Maidan square to crack open champagne.
“That was the best news conference in my life,” Olga Musafirova told Reuters.
“I have never experienced such emotions at any official event. We watched … at a studio of a TV channel and I realized that I burst into tears and it was tears of joy.”
But the news was met with scorn from Russian officials, who denounced the whole episode as a “propagandistic effect” — as well as press advocates.
“[Reporters Without Borders] expresses its deepest indignation after discovering the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services, this new step of a war of information,” the group's secretary tweeted.
“It is always very dangerous for a government to play with the facts, especially using journalists for their fake stories”
Bill Gross's Janus Henderson Global Unconstrained Bond Fund dropped more than 3% on Tuesday, an unusually big decline for a mutual fund that invests in corporate bonds and other fixed-income securities.
The fund fell 3.04% on Tuesday, and is now down 5.94% for the year, according to data by Morningstar. Similar funds have returned, on average, a 0.22% decline in 2018, Morningstar said.
“Even for unconstrained bond funds, it's rare for such a sharp decline,” said Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF & Mutual Fund research at CFRA.
Rosenbluth said Gross may have been caught flat-footed during Tuesday's selloff of Italian TMBMKIT-10Y, -5.22% Fearful of an escalating political crisis, investors fled to safer U.S TMUBMUSD10Y, +2.89% and German credits TMBMKDE-10Y, +41.94%
An expanded version of this article appears at WSJ.com
Popular at WSJ.com
ABC cancels ‘Roseanne' after stars racist tweet
Red flags are suddenly rampant in markets
Polar vortex made for a 'Most' miserable 34 days of filming Oscar Isaac sported long johns under his suit and Jessica Chastain wore a huge coat during filming of "A Most Violent Year."
Grimy 1981 NYC atmosphere fuels ‘A Most Violent Year' A single brief image of blood and oil intermingling seems to be the point of “A Most Violent Year,” but this isn't yet another exposé of grubby dealing in the Middle...
Barrett's picked up on a particular bad habit of Karson's: biting his own nails. Even though Karson has told him not to, Barrett's been learning by example.
Listen to find out which ones of us also have the bad habit of biting our own nails!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The brother of Croydon murder victim Scotty Kouebitra has been found guilty of attempting to kill a schoolboy.
Daryl Kouebitra was unanimously found guilty of attempting to murder a 16-year-old in Addiscombe by a jury at the Old Bailey on Tuesday (May 29) after two and a half hours of deliberation.
The 20-year-old, of Fox Hollow Drive, in Bexleyheath, is facing jail for trying to kill Kallum Gadd, who was a “close associate” of one of Scotty's killers, Jack Harvey.
Kallum, the court heard, was “cornered, chased and stabbed” with a machete by a pair on a moped in October 2017 and when he was asked who was responsible, he said: “Selhurst did it”.
Part-time student Scotty was found in a Selhurst front garden “soaked in blood” on Halloween, in 2016, after he was stabbed with a screwdriver and a knife in his neck and heart.
A 21-year-old man, Jahliel Rose and Jack Harvey, 17, were convicted for the 23-year-old's death.
Before Scotty's death, Harvey had received a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) and one of the conditions was not to see Kallum.
(Image: The Metropolitan Police)
Nicholas Dunham, prosecuting, said Daryl Kouebitra attempted to murder Kallum as he “repeatedly” stabbed him in the chest, arm and leg.
Kallum had been sat on the estate in Longheath Gardens, in Addiscombe, on October 6 when he saw a moped “driving at about 20pmh” approach him.
Kouebitra and a then 15-year-old boy were on the moped.
This youth, who is now 16 and cannot be named because of his age, has pleaded guilty to wounding with intent and admitted he was on the moped, but denied he was involved in the stabbing.
Mr Dunham said: “[The youth] drove Kouebitra to Long Heath Gardens and when they arrived, Kouebitra chased him through the estate before cornering him and stabbed him with a machete four times to the chest, his side, his leg and arm.”
He added: “Gadd was a close associate of Jack Harvey, who killed Daryl Kouebitra's brother [Scotty]. One of the stab wounds was to the chest and if you stab someone to the chest, what could you possibly by trying to do?”
Two men, who were on the estate at the time of the stabbing, desperately tried to help Kallum by applying pressure to his wounds before the emergency services were called.
When helping him they asked him if he knew who had stabbed him, to which Kallum replied “Yes, Selhurst”.
Kallum was taken to hospital, where he remained for five days, before coming home with “no significant disabilities” and made a “good recovery”.
Kouebitra had previously been at a police custody suite earlier that day, for an unrelated crime.
The court was told that he then left, changed his clothes and was picked up by the youth to go and collect a knife.
Kouebitra denied attempting to kill Kallum, having pleaded not guilty at an earlier hearing.
The jury unanimously found Kouebitra guilty of attempted murder and guilty of possessing an offensive weapon.
They could not reach a verdict on a charge relating to wounding with intent, however.
He will be sentenced at the same court on Thursday (May 31). It is not currently clear if the 16-year-old has already been sentenced.
Presiding Member (PM) for the Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly (KMA), has bemoaned what he calls increasing political interference in the operations of the Assembly.
Abraham Boadi is worried such developments could derail the development of the metropolis if it persists.
The Ridge-Nhyiaeso Assembly Member who spoke to Adom News after a meeting with members of the Kumasi Traditional Council (KTC) at the Manhyia Palace, called for an end to the practice where the hierarchy of the ruling party in the Ashanti region meddles in the programs and projects being rolled out by the Assembly.
He said party members in the region must allow the Chief Executive to implement the decisions of the Assembly for the progress of the metropolis.
“So we are saying the party should allow the Chief Executive as an authority to implement the decisions of the Assembly. If we all accept and agree that is the city that we need to develop, we will be okay. Either than that when the party is saying stop this, don't do that, if you do this it will affect us, and if we try to block him from all these things, then how are we going to be successful and develop the city?”
Mr. Boadi indicated that, it was high time the Kumasi Mayor gathered political will to implement the Assembly's decisions, since such practices also affect development at the various sub-metros and electoral areas within the metropolis.
He revealed that the Assembly's quest to decongest parts of the city and also stop the improper location of some container shops within the city has been met with stiff opposition by some members of the ruling party.
Mr. Boadi appealed to the traditional leaders to help the Mayor implement key developmental decisions without the interference of members and supporters of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in the region.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The Jefferson County Coroner's Office is looking for the next of kin of a woman who recently died.
Andrea Peake, 73, of Louisville, died March 17. Peake lived in the 8000 block of Gainsborough Dr.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Henryville Schools reopen after employees contract Hepatitis A
+ Graffiti suspects caught on camera outside Louisville bar
+ 6-year-old hit by car in California neighborhood
Anyone with information about Peake's family should call Deputy Coroner Anthony Wight at 502-574-6262 or 502-574-1971.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A Queens man swiped more than 100 cellphones from fans at the Coachella music festival in California and was nabbed after victims activated their “Find My iPhone” app, cops said Monday.
Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, 36, did most of his sticky-fingered work Friday night at the Sahara Tent of the massive music, arts, food and culture event in the Southern California desert, about 130 miles east of Los Angeles, Indio police Sgt. Dan Marshall said.
Once people started losing their phones, they used Apple's app to locate their missing devices — and all dots allegedly led back to the 6-foot, 250-pound suspect.
“A bunch of people activated their `find my phone' and pointed at, ‘Hey, it's that guy, my phone, my dot, it's moving with that guy,' ” Marshall said.
Security guards grabbed Henao for Indio cops, who found more than 100 presumably stolen cellphones in his backpack, officials said.
At least 20 of the phones have been reunited with their owners while others are still with the festival's lost and found, Marshall said. Henao was booked on suspicion of grand theft and receiving stolen property, according to jail records.
It wasn't immediately clear if the suspect had traveled to the famed two-weekend-long event just to rip off cellphones, Marshall said.
A black teenager has been arrested for assaulting a stranger allegedly for being white, police said Friday.
Devon Ahmad, 18, of Amityville, LI, was riding an elevator with a 65-year-old man at 257 W. 39th St. in the Garment District around 5:15 p.m. Thursday when he allegedly first began a verbal attack.
“White people suck. I hate white people. White people are the source of my problems,” said Ahmad, who is black, to the white man, according to cops.
When the elevator reached the ground floor and the doors opened, things turned physical. Ahmad punched the victim multiple times, causing swelling and bruising to the right side of his face, police said.
Ahmad was picked up a little while later at the commercial building. He was charged with assault as a hate crime.
The teenager was arrested previously for assault in December 2016. Several other arrests are now sealed, police said.
The victim was treated for his injuries at the scene.
OKLAHOMA CITY — Anthony Davis scored 43 points to help the New Orleans Pelicans beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 114-100 on Friday night.
Davis made 17 of 34 shots and had 10 rebounds, and E'Twaun Moore added 26 points for the Pelicans.
New Orleans had lost two straight since All-Star DeMarcus Cousins was lost for the season with a left Achilles tendon rupture. They righted the ship by shooting 51 per cent from the field against the Thunder.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook had 16 points, 14 assists and 10 rebounds for his 16th triple-double of the season. Steven Adams had 23 points and 12 rebounds for the Thunder, who lost their third straight after an eight-game winning streak.
Westbrook approached a triple-double in the first half with nine points, nine assists and seven rebounds to help the Thunder take a 58-54 lead at the break.
The Pelicans seized momentum early in the third quarter. New Orleans led 97-89 in the fourth when Westbrook checked back in after a rest.
Westbrook made a 3-pointer with just under two minutes remaining to cut the lead to seven, but Davis hit a 3-pointer at the other end, then made another shortly after that to put the game out of reach.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: Coach Alvin Gentry was called for a technical foul in the second quarter. … Gentry said during his pregame media session that Cousins had been putting up MVP-type numbers. Cousins averaged 25.2 points, 12.9 rebounds and 5.4 assists per game before his injury. … New addition Nikola Mirotic did not play.
Thunder: Adams scored 13 points on 6-for-9 shooting in the first half. … Adams reached 3,000 career points. He joined Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka as the only Thunder players with at least 3,000 career points and 350 career blocks. … G Raymond Felton was called for a technical foul in the fourth quarter.
UP NEXT
Pelicans play at the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday.
Thunder host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday.
——
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP .
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
This image taken from video, early Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, shows an armoured vehicle driving down a street after an attack in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years. @Yabsi1er via AP)
The woman stood in her roadside stall in a quiet neighbourhood in the Indonesian city of Yogyakarta, chopping tomatoes, beans and spinach, plus one red chilli. Mixing everything in a peanut sauce, she handed the salad, called lotek, to customers who puttered up on motorbikes and waited on blue plastic stools. She was curious about me, full of questions, and the feeling was mutual. It was to chat with people like her that I had moved to Indonesia and enrolled in intensive language study. Yet after hundreds of hours of classes, I couldn't understand what she was saying.
Everything she said sounded to me like it had half a syllable. I did make out familiar words, but painfully rarely. I wondered what her life was like in this city, how she felt about escalating political and cultural tension in this young democracy and the world's most populous Muslim-majority nation. But I wasn't to find out.
She handed me my meal wrapped in newspaper, the text of which I could understand. ‘Bahasa Indonesia baku', I thought to myself – textbook Bahasa Indonesia. My teachers had referred to the language as ‘baku', or ‘standard', in class, emphasising that it was this version of Indonesian, the nation's official language, we were learning. The addendum hadn't struck me as overly important, but it should have.
You may also be interested in:
• The Asian language designed to unify
• The pidgin language uniting 83 islands
• The island that forever changed science
Bahasa Indonesia's antecedent, Malay, evolved and spread during the last millennium because of the need in maritime South-East Asia – where hundreds of languages are still spoken across the thousands of islands that now comprise the modern nations of Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore – for a lingua franca for trade and other exchanges. Malay was seen to be grammatically simple, non-hierarchical and easier to learn than other regional languages. It was the mother tongue of few, but as people travelled around the region, it became their accepted means to communicate.
Then, in the early 20th Century, Indonesian nationalists, plotting independence from Dutch colonial rule, agreed that a reformed version of Malay, with an expanded vocabulary and a new name – Bahasa Indonesia – should become the official language of the soon-to-be independent nation. Malay, according to Cornell University Indonesian scholar Benedict Anderson, was “simple and flexible enough to be rapidly developed into a modern political language”.
The goal for Bahasa Indonesia was to break down communication barriers and facilitate inclusion of more than 300 ethnic groups in the new nation, whose independence was officially recognised in 1949. Because no major ethnic group, including the Javanese (whose highly complex language was at the time spoken by about 40% of the population), would have its mother tongue as the official language, inequality would not be created or reinforced. Bahasa Indonesia would help draw unity out of diversity.
But in reality, things aren't so simple. Today, standard Bahasa Indonesia, which hasn't evolved too drastically from Malay, is rarely spoken in casual conversations. People think it's too ‘kaku', meaning rigid and stiff, my language teacher Andini told me after I admitted my difficulties at the roadside stall. Moreover, people sometimes find Bahasa Indonesia inadequate to express what they want. Andini confessed she often shares this frustration, wanting to use words and expressions from a sub-dialect of East Javanese spoken in her hometown.
People sometimes find Bahasa Indonesia inadequate to express what they want
Part of the problem lies in the language itself: Bahasa Indonesia has fewer words than most languages. Endy Bayuni of The Jakarta Post has written that foreign translations of Indonesian novels tend to read better, while Indonesian translations of foreign novels sound ‘verbose and repetitive'. But there's also a political dimension. Because Indonesians learn Bahasa Indonesia in school, then hear it as adults primarily in political speech, they associate it with homogeneity, according to Dr Nancy J Smith-Hefner, associate professor of anthropology at Boston University. This is exacerbated because Bahasa Indonesia was heavily promoted during the Suharto dictatorship that ruled from the mid-1960s until 1998 and stifled many forms of individual and cultural expression. Because of this, those who speak it risk looking “theatrical, bookish or pompous”, explained Nelly Martin-Anatias of the Institute of Culture, Discourse and Communication at the Auckland University of Technology.
It turns out that a means to linguistically unite the Indonesian nation has instead, due to the language's simplicity and rigidity, created a new barrier that prevents communication on a deeper level – one that Indonesians circumvent by employing their own particularised speech, tailored to their specific regions, generations or social classes.
People dissatisfied with Bahasa Indonesia have plenty of options. There are hundreds of regional languages and dialects, sometimes spoken intact, sometimes blended with Bahasa Indonesia. In Yogyakarta, where I am – located in the centre of Java and the traditional heartland of Javanese culture – Javanese is commonly spoken, partly as a reflection of cultural pride. A food vendor who pushes his wooden cart along my street every morning selling soto ayam (spicy chicken soup) often breaks into Javanese, making our conversations difficult for me to follow. He recently asked me something three times before I understood. The question, when I got it, revealed a pride in his heritage: had I yet seen wayang kulit (shadow puppet play), the quintessentially Javanese cultural performance?
Meanwhile, Indonesia's youth continue to form their own, cooler language variants, gleefully challenging older ears, with the internet becoming colloquial Bahasa Indonesia's new frontier. The country has close to the freest speech in Asia, and young Indonesians are fanatical fans of Twitter, Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram, using the platforms to evolve their own language with new and borrowed words. As Andini and I scrolled through Indonesian Twitter feeds during class one day, road-bumps of slang brought me to abrupt and frequent halts.
By supplementing various informal and regional speeches, Martin-Anatias told me, young Indonesians “establish intimacy and identity” when conversing, so that they can more accurately convey emotions, express needs and tell jokes.
Yet standard Indonesian – Bahasa Indonesia baku – remains the best way I have to communicate here, and for me, the language serves its original purpose. As I operate in standard Bahasa Indonesia, I'm pleased to find plenty of people happy to meet me there. When someone speaks to me in a way I easily understand, I read significance into it, knowing they are likely tailoring it for me, adapting themselves, breaking things down as a conscious act of inclusion.
By supplementing various regional speeches, Indonesians can more accurately convey emotions, express needs and tell jokes
This happened when I took a motorbike taxi home from class. I understood my young driver near-perfectly. His questions were simply phrased: “In your country what season is it now?”; “In your country are there transport apps?”. My own questions he answered in a way designed to ensure clarity. I awkwardly said some just-memorised slang, and he offered a thumbs-up.
Knowing when to scale up speech styles and when to scale them back, and how to successfully balance differing impulses to unity and diversity – that is Bahasa Indonesia's and this country's challenge.
Lost in Translation is a BBC Travel series exploring encounters with languages and how they are reflected in a place, people and culture.
Join more than three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Travel, Capital, Culture, Earth and Future, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
All that talk that NASCAR would take more cars after Sunday's Cup race at Michigan to see how they compared?
A ruse.
So said Steve O'Donnell, NASCAR executive vice president and chief racing development officer, Monday on “The Morning Drive.''
“We actually found it kind of comical this weekend,'' O'Donnell said of the chatter that NASCAR would take more cars after Michigan. “We put a little bit of the rumor out there, and candidly it worked.
“If anyone had done some serious research, the wind tunnel that we would use for this is under construction this week so it would have been impossible.''
Brad Keselowski said Friday that Toyotas were sandbagging at Michigan because of the expectation that NASCAR would take more cars after the race. Toyotas led 88.2 percent of the laps in the five races leading up to Michigan.
“We had a strong suspicion that those guys (Toyota) would kind of tune it down this weekend, so not to post a pretty big number in inspection that maybe balanced back out the competition,” Keselowski said after winning the pole. “And potentially that's right because our team hasn't done much differently and those guys are just not as fast as they've been the last few weeks.”
Kyle Busch responded to Keselowski's comments by telling ESPN on Saturday: “Brad's a (expletive) moron. We don't just turn it down. We actually have a new engine package here this week. He's a moron.''
Keselowski told NBCSN before Sunday's race that Toyota's performance last weekend at Michigan seemed “fishy.''
“NASCAR typically takes the cars from the field, the best cars from the field and checks to see where everybody is at performance-wise about three or four times a year,'' Keselowski told NBCSN. “Usually those weekends are either Indianapolis, Pocono or Michigan. Well they couldn't do it at Indianapolis because most of the field wrecked and there weren't any cars to check, and I don't know why it wasn't done at Pocono.
“So the whole field knows today that the cars are probably going to be pulled and go through a little bit of extra inspection. That doesn't mean that anyone is cheating by any means. This is a chance for NASCAR to level the playing field and see who is where in the development cycles. I think everybody knows that.''
NASCAR did not take any additional cars.
“We're not going to telegraph when we're going to do that at a certain race track,'' O'Donnell said on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “We always want to make sure that we've got the best information possible, particularly the aerodynamics of the car, so we'll continue to do that.
“A lot of politicking going out there and I think that will continue as it gets closer to the playoffs. There's a lot on the line, a lot of different winners, and that's actually kind of cool to see because people care and they want to do all they can to win.''
Keselowski led a race-high 105 laps before finishing 17th. Kyle Larson passed Martin Truex Jr. on the restart in overtime to win. Truex led Toyota by finishing second.
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Nassir Little might turn out to exceed his considerable expectations when he arrives at North Carolina next year. He might not. What matters now, though, isn't what Little might eventually become.
It's what he already is: the Tar Heels' most important recruiting victory in years.
Little, a 6-7 wing forward from Orlando, Fla., announced on Wednesday, in a post on Twitter, that he had committed to UNC. He's the No. 9 prospect in the class of 2018, according to 247sports.com, and he ends UNC's futility in recruiting prospects held in similarly-high regard.
It has been a long time, by its own standard, since UNC received a commitment from a prospect of Little's caliber. Before Little, the most recent top-10 prospect to commit to UNC was Justin Jackson, who did so in 2013. That's not to say that UNC hasn't been recruiting good, or even very good, players in recent seasons.
Clearly, based on UNC's success, the Tar Heels have. Tony Bradley, for instance, played an important role on the Tar Heels' national championship team during his freshman year last season, but he was considered a top-25 or top-30 prospect when he arrived. Luke Maye and Kenny Williams, the only members of UNC's 2015 recruiting class, were lesser-regarded prospects but both played important roles, at various times, last season.
Bradley's commitment, which came about two years ago, ended another long recruiting drought. It had been a while, by then, that any player at all had committed to the Tar Heels. All the while, UNC coach Roy Williams attempted to recruit the best of the best high school prospects.
And all the while, UNC had been striking out with top-5 and top-10 high school players – and doing so at such an alarming rate that it raised the obvious question of why. Why had one of the most traditionally successful programs in the country, long a preferred destination of the best high school players, gone dry at the highest levels of recruiting?
The recruiting difficulties frustrated UNC fans. The problem bothered Williams, especially, and he often cited the “junk” – the NCAA investigation, and the long-term uncertainty that has come with it – to explain why top prospects had shunned the Tar Heels.
In a strange twist, Little's commitment came amid his own “junk,” as Williams might describe it. Little is believed to be one of the high school players caught in the middle of the nefarious scheme involving AAU coaches, adidas representatives and college basketball coaches. The Department of Justice revealed the alleged corruption after a two-year FBI investigation.
Little is not named in the federal investigation but his AAU coach, Jonathan Augustine, is one of 10 men charged in the case. Based on context clues in the federal documents detailing the case, at least two schools, believed to be Arizona and Miami, were willing to pay $150,000 for Little, who, along with his family, has denied knowledge of the scheme.
Little perhaps alluded to the swirl surrounding him when he announced his commitment to UNC. He did so through a video he posted on Twitter. In the video, he carries on a text-message-like conversation with his father who, at one point, writes: “It's a lot of stuff going on right now.”
“Fact!” Little writes in response. “But lions don't lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.”
Moments later a graphic appears, with Little wearing a Carolina blue No. 23 UNC jersey, that makes his intentions clear. The announcement, and the fanfare that followed, came in contrast to UNC's other high-profile recruitments in recent years, just about all of which ended in disappointment for the Tar Heels.
Since Jackson's commitment in 2013, UNC had been spurned by a long list of top-10 prospects, including several who grew up in North Carolina. UNC during those years lost out on Brandon Ingram and Harry Giles in-state, and many others held in similarly-high regard out of state. All of which led to the questions, some of which Williams raised himself, about UNC's recruiting.
Aside from the NCAA cloud, other theories emerged, too: That other schools, primarily Duke and Kentucky, had become to top prospects more culturally relevant – perhaps “cooler,” for lack of a better way to put it – than UNC; that Williams had lost his recruiting touch; that UNC simply wasn't attractive for players who hoped to play only one season in college before departing for the NBA.
Little's commitment puts an end to all of that talk, at least for now. He is the first top-10 prospect to commit to UNC in four years.
Jackson, the most recent to do so before Little, helped lead UNC to the national championship last season before leaving school to enter the NBA draft. Like Little, Jackson was also considered to be ninth-best prospect in his class. He earned ACC Player of the Year honors last season, as a junior.
Little may follow a similar path during his time at UNC. He may not. He may arrive with the goal of leaving as quickly as possible to pursue his professional aspirations. He may stick around and spend more than one season in college. All of that is yet to be determined.
Yet without setting foot on campus, and much less a basketball court, Little has already become an important part of the next chapter of Williams' program, however it's written.
President Donald Trump said Tuesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been “very honorable” ahead of an anticipated face-to-face meeting, as he warned Iran it would face bigger problems if it left a nuclear deal, and met with French President Emmanuel Macron.
FROM ‘LITTLE ROCKET MAN' TO ‘HONORABLE' LEADER
Trump reversed his harsh rhetoric on Kim, whom he once derided as “little rocket man.” Before a meeting at the White House with Macron, Trump said the North Korean leader “has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing.” Trump said his planned meeting with Kim would be “very soon,” but didn't offer a date or place. During a news conference with the French president, Trump said he wants North Korea to “get rid of their nukes.”
Also read: Trump to North Korea: Nuclear dismantlement must happen before sanctions lifted.
‘BIGGER PROBLEMS' FOR IRAN IF IT RESTARTS NUCLEAR PROGRAM
Trump warned Iran it would face “bigger problems” than ever if it restarts its nuclear program. The Iran nuclear deal was a major subject in talks between Trump and Macron, with the French leader saying he wanted a new agreement to block Tehran's nuclear activity. Trump appeared open to the idea but didn't tip his hand about continued U.S. participation in the current deal. He has set a May 12 deadline to “fix” the deal or walk away from it.
“There is a chance, and nobody knows what I'm going to do on the 12th — although, Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea, but we'll see,” Trump said at the news conference. “But we'll see also if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations.”
Speculation that U.S. sanctions will be reimposed on Iran in May gave some support to crude oil CLM8, -1.38% futures on Tuesday. U.S. stocks DJIA, -1.74% dropped sharply, though other factors also were at work.
See: Oil prices pull back after tapping the highest levels in more than 3 years.
VA NOMINATION UP TO JACKSON
With his pick to head the Veterans Affairs Department under fire for allegations of overseeing a hostile work environment and possibly drinking on the job, Trump gave him cover to withdraw. Trump said Dr. Ronny Jackson, the White House physician, would be “making a decision.” Trump called Jackson “one of the finest people I have ever met,” but questioned why he would want to go through the process and take abuse from “vicious” people.
“If I were him, I wouldn't do it,” Trump said.
ENDORSEMENTS FOR LESKO, RENACCI
Trump tweeted support for Republican Debbie Lesko in the special election for a House seat in Arizona, as well as for GOP Rep. Jim Renacci, who is vying to take on Democrat Sen. Sherrod Brown this fall. Renacci faces a May 8 primary. Trump said the congressman has his full endorsement and he “will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio.”
Lesko is facing Democrat Hiral Tipirneni on Tuesday, in another race that's being closely watched for clues about November's midterm elections. Arizona's 8th congressional district is typically safely Republican. The winner will fill the seat vacated by Rep. Trent Franks, who resigned after he reportedly offered to pay a female staffer $5 million to carry his child as a surrogate.
Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2018
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – For Macon-Bibb County residents who own guns or are looking to obtain a license, knowing when to use it and when not to can be a difficult call to make in the heat of the moment.
That's why the Bibb County Sheriff's Office is hosting a citizen's gun safety class. The course began on Monday and will continue into Tuesday evening.
- Advertisement -
Residents can learn about gun safety, current law, and even fire their weapon at tonight's meeting.
The class is from 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. at the Bibb County Sheriff's Office Training Facility located at 1166 Jackson Street.
The Mets have been battling self-inflicted wounds for years. But even for them, this was different.
A foul popup with the bases loaded and one out fell to the ground in the fourth inning of Thursday's 2-1 loss to the Brewers when third baseman Wilmer Flores was interfered with by a ball boy for the opposing team, who just so happens to be a Mets employee.
Initially, Eric Sogard was called out and the play ruled as interference. But after huddling together, the call was reversed, because the umpires decided it was unintentional. Mets manager Terry Collins came out to argue and got tossed, though Sogard grounded into a double play after the ejection.
Flores was in position to make an easy grab of the foul ball near the Brewers' dugout, when the ball boy hit Flores's arm while attempting to get out of the way.
“My issue was it's a routine catch. It would be one thing if it's a difficult play,” Collins said. “That was my argument. We might have three or four guys next week running in all different directions.”
The ball boy, a Mets employee described as a “regular” by visiting clubhouse manager Tony Carullo, wasn't made available to the media. According to Carullo, his name is Mendy. The Mets wouldn't give out his last name.
“The kid's embarrassed,” Carullo said. “He tried to get out of the way. Honest mistake.”
Fortunately for the Mets and their employee, the play didn't hurt them. After Collins was ejected, Zack Wheeler induced Sogard to hit into a 6-4-3 double play, ending the threat.
“Ball don't lie,” Flores said with a smile. “We got a double-play ball.”
“You can't get mad at him,” Flores added. “He was trying to get out of the way. But he was going the wrong way. … I do know him. I'm sure we'll talk about it later. We'll joke about it. We didn't get hurt in that inning, so it was good.”
It wouldn't matter, though, because the Mets only could muster four hits. One of those was a Flores solo homer in the eighth off Brewers reliever Jacob Barnes that continued his torrid stretch.
Over his past 20 games, Flores is hitting .400 with 10 RBIs. And with the way third baseman Jose Reyes is struggling at the plate, now batting just .193 and in the midst of a 3-for-29 drought, Flores could start seeing more time at the hot corner.
“I'm not the one who makes that choice, but I'm ready to play,” Flores said.
Blythe Masters' startup exceeds $50M fundraising goal Once the top woman on Wall Street, now Blythe Masters is moving in on tech. Digital Asset Holdings, the financial tech company led by Masters, announced Thursday it raised more than...
Blythe Masters' startup seeks $35M financing round Blythe Masters is walking a tightrope to her next career in high finance. The 46-year-old finance whiz, once the most powerful woman on Wall Street, is in high-stakes negotiations with...
Ex-JP Morgan exec seeks to raise $25M for bitcoin-like business The most powerful woman on Wall Street is tapping the biggest banks to back her new tech venture, The Post has learned. Blythe Masters, a former commodities bigwig at JPMorgan...
ItBit makes New York bitcoin history Wall Street is bullish on bitcoin. New York regulators on Thursday granted the first bitcoin exchange charter to itBit, a barely three-year old company with a deep bench of Wall...
Ex-JPMorgan exec staffing up new Bitcoin business Blythe Masters is hiring. The former JPMorgan executive — who left the bank last year amid a government inquiry into the commodities division she once helmed — hired Beth Shah,...
JPMorgan braces for 20% drop in trading revenue JPMorgan Chase could be hurtin' without Blythe Masters. The biggest bank in the US is projecting its trading revenue will fall 20 percent in the current quarter from last year,...
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Image copyright Hayley Fisher
A 19th century Edinburgh murderer who killed a widow with a garden spade has been unmasked using special forensic techniques - nearly two centuries after he was hanged.
The face of John Howison has been forensically reconstructed for a new exhibition in Cramond where the murder took place.
He killed local woman, Marta Geddes, on 21 January 1832.
His body was the last sent to Edinburgh University's medical school by court.
The life-like profile of the killer is on show next to a replica of his skull in a free display at Cramond's Maltings Interpretation Centre.
Image copyright City of Edinburgh Council
Ian Campbell, Edinburgh's depute culture and communities convener, said: "Edinburgh's history never fails to amaze, shock and, in this case - scare.
"By putting a face to the Cramond murderer, we have been able to piece together the story of the man behind the crimes.
"The project has combined the council's archaeological findings with forensic techniques; Edinburgh University's scientific research and remains, and the brilliant local knowledge of the Cramond Heritage Trust.
"It is fantastic to see the city collaborate and the result is a fascinating new display in the heart of the Cramond community."
John Dods from the Cramond Heritage Trust, said: "Cramond may be a small district but its history packs more incredible events and findings than many parts of Edinburgh.
"The trial of John Howison is one of the area's lesser known tales, but it was an important event in scientific history.
"I hope our display at the Maltings educates and provides visitors with an insight into Cramond's colourful and sometimes unsavoury past."
'Especially captivating'
As the capital's last criminal to be dissected before the Anatomy Act of 1832 abolished the practice, Howison is in Edinburgh University's anatomical museum.
His articulated skeleton is still displayed next to the remains of William Burke.
Dr Janet Philp, of Edinburgh University's deanery of biomedical sciences, said: "It's fascinating to be able to link the Anatomical Museum to local stories, which in turn enables our history to become increasingly accessible to others.
"A reconstruction like this, even with a measure of artistic license, helps us to increasingly appreciate and understand our museum collection and the significant role it has played in our city's history."
John Lawson, City of Edinburgh Council archaeologist, said: "This has been a rare opportunity to put a face to one of Edinburgh's lesser-known perpetrators.
"We often focus on the history of the city centre, but our communities are just as interesting.
"The story of John Howison, the Cramond murderer, is especially captivating."
DENVER–The Giants are temporarily sending their Opening Day starter and top pitching prospect to the bullpen as the team prepares for its final game of the month.
Manager Bruce Bochy announced that right-hander Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder tightness after Samardzija left Tuesday's game after one inning.
“He did have an MRI done today so he's going to miss a start,” Bochy said. “That's why we're putting him on the disabled list. We don't think it's going to be long, but at least one start.”
The Giants promoted prospect Tyler Beede to replace Samardzija and will have Beede available out of the bullpen for the final game of a three-game series in Colorado. Beede will be joined by Ty Blach, who made his first appearance as a reliever this season in the eighth inning of Tuesday's contest.
Beede was scheduled to start for Triple-A Sacramento Saturday but came out of the bullpen for the first time in his professional career because ace Madison Bumgarner joined the River Cats for his first rehab start. Beede tossed the final four innings on Saturday and said a mechanical adjustment helped him record his best fastball velocity of the season as he bumped up his four-seamer to 96 miles per hour.
Get San Francisco Giants news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Giants HQ newsletter.
Blach lasted just three innings on Sunday in Chicago and failed to reach the fifth inning in his fourth straight start. The Colorado native was told he'll be used as a reliever for the foreseeable future before Tuesday's game, but Samardzija's injury will force the Giants to reevaluate their plans.
Bochy said Blach will not make his scheduled Saturday start at AT&T Park as rookie Andrew Suárez will pitch on regular rest, and it doesn't sound as if he'll take Samardzija's spot on Sunday against the Phillies.
Instead, rookie Dereck Rodríguez will likely start Sunday if he's healthy enough to throw a bullpen this week. Rodríguez left his major league debut on Tuesday after taking a 108-mile per hour line drive off the shin, but the injury isn't serious enough to land him on the disabled list and Bochy indicated the Giants are leaning toward offering the right-hander an opportunity to start this weekend.
Blach was scheduled to open the season in the bullpen but was called on to start the Giants' season-opener against the Dodgers after Bumgarner fractured his pinky. Should Suárez or Rodríguez struggle this weekend, Blach could find himself back in a starting role.
“We told him he was going to help out in the bullpen and the next thing you know he's our Opening Day pitcher,” Bochy said. “These things change, we lost a pitcher yesterday.”
Janoris Jenkins says he is fully healthy after undergoing ankle surgery last season and playing a career-low nine games, but he can't promise that an injury-free season is ahead.
What the Giants' top cornerback can — and did — guarantee is a season free of any drama, unlike last year, when he failed to return to the team following the bye week and/or alert the Giants of his whereabouts, and was given a one-game suspension.
“I promise y'all that Jackrabbit says it won't happen this year what happened last year,” Jenkins said Tuesday. “There won't be any animosity between players, no disrespecting the coach. There will be none of that. New York Giant football is back.
“I learned a lot, just facing adversity. Whether it's me not showing up to practice or us losing, everybody not on the same page and just ready to kick off and pile energy all year.”
Jenkins' play was solid before his season was cut short, though not as spectacular as his first year with the Giants in 2016.
The 29-year-old said his ankle was an issue all season.
“I came into [the season] with it, but I didn't let anybody know until it got worse,” Jenkins said. “It's a fresh start for everybody. We've got a new coaching staff, new general manager and everybody is clean. You just come in with positive energy, focused and ready to go.
“Everybody is ready. Everybody knows what is expected around here.”
The only players missing from the start of minicamp were offensive lineman Ereck Flowers, defensive lineman Damon Harrison and safety Landon Collins, who underwent a second surgery on his right forearm Monday.
The sessions are voluntary, but new coach Pat Shurmur said, “I tend to believe it is very necessary.”
Odell Beckham Jr. was limited to work on the side with the training staff, but fellow receiver Sterling Shepard can't even tell the superstar fractured his ankle last season.
“I think the training room is kind of saving him from himself right now,” Shepard said. “He wants to get out and run around and do a whole bunch of stuff, but they're kind of holding him back. I've been with him and have been training with him a bit and, to be honest, I forget that he got hurt sometimes.”
Despite being kept off the field, Beckham's presence has made an impact with the team.
“You can tell the difference around the facility whenever that guy is in the building,” Shepard said. “You get a happy feeling. He's always making people laugh everywhere you go, so it's good to have him in the building.”
Running back Paul Perkins also did not participate due to a pectoral injury, which required his left arm to be in a sling.
Jenkins campaigned on social media for the Giants to sign Dez Bryant. The cornerback believes the former Cowboys star would be a valuable addition, following the release of Brandon Marshall.
“He's a great player,” Jenkins said. “It's not that I want him here, I just feel like depth is key. Whatever decision the organization makes it's on them.
“I just think that everybody deserves a second opportunity, and we'll see how that goes.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United boss Garry Monk has hailed a great response from his side to back defeats after they beat Bristol City 2-1 at Elland Road this evening.
It was an even start at Elland Road as both sides started to feel each other out and moved the ball well, with Leeds especially looking to get at Bristol City down the flanks.
Leeds pulled ahead in the 27th minute when Chris Wood shrugged off attention from opposing defenders to make sure a free-kick whipped in by Pablo Hernandez ended up in the back of the net.
Bristol City were rocking, but Leeds were unable to add another before the break and went in 1-0 up.
The Whites did not need long after the restart to double their advantage as Hernandez shot from the edge of the box, an effort which took a deflection, and made it 2-0 in the 47th minute.
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER and SARAH SKIDMORE SELL
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo, freezing the bank's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls. In addition, bank agreed to replace four board members.
It's the latest blow against the San Francisco bank that has had its reputation tarnished by revelations it opened phony customer accounts and sold auto insurance to customers who did not need it.
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last day at the central bank.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," Yellen said in a statement. "The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers."
The Fed said it is restricting the bank's assets to the level where they stood at the end of last year until it can demonstrate that it has improved its internal controls.
The announcement came after the close of trading on Wall Street Friday. Wells Fargo's stock fell more than 6 percent in after-hours trading.
"We take this order seriously and are focused on addressing all of the Federal Reserve's concerns," CEO Timothy Sloan said.
Wells Fargo said that it is confident it will satisfy the Fed's requirements and reiterated that it remains "open for business."
The bank said it will continue to meet customer's financial needs, including saving, borrowing and investing.
It said it has the flexibility on its balance sheet to pull back from certain activities to meet the Fed's growth limits, although its exact steps have not been determined.
Sloan also emphasized that the order is related to prior issues, not any new matters.
"While there is still more work to do, we have made significant improvements over the past year to our governance and risk management that address concerns highlighted in this consent order," he said.
The company has agreed to replace three directors by April and another one by year-end. It did not specify which board members would be affected.
The Fed's new order marked the latest chapter in a series of scandals which have rocked the bank in recent years.
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas. It ended up paying $185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $142 million.
It also has admitted it signed up hundreds of thousands of auto loan customers for auto insurance they did not need. Some of those customers had their cars repossessed because they could not afford both the auto loan and insurance payments.
And Wells Fargo also offered refunds to customers last year after acknowledging that its mortgage bankers unfairly charged them fees to lock in interest rates on mortgages.
The Fed's action came on a 3-0 vote. Randal Quarles, who is the Fed's vice chairman for supervision, has recused himself from participating in matters involving Wells Fargo.
___
Skidmore Sell reported from Portland, Oregon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Cubs shortstop a perfect under-the-radar fantasy play In a world in which a 30 percent success rate is considered good, you would think the fantasy baseball community would be a more patient and forgiving group. It is...
Cubs star's wife wants divorce, stonewalls MLB after abuse accusations Addison Russell's wife has filed for divorce, while saying she declined to be interviewed by Major League Baseball in response to allegations the Cubs shortstop had been abusive. Melisa Reidy-Russell...
Cubs star under investigation for hitting wife: 'I'm here to stay' CHICAGO — Addison Russell returned to the Chicago Cubs on Friday, one day after Major League Baseball began an investigation of the shortstop. He had been accused of hitting his...
Cubs shortstop accused of cheating on, abusing wife Chicago Cubs shortstop Addison Russell was bombarded by a slew of increasingly troubling accusations on Wednesday. His wife, Melisa, accused him in an Instagram post of cheating on her, and...
You're dreaming if you think this middle infielder is a fantasy stud Sometimes, drafting players coming off big years is like trying to buy a car on Craigslist. Sure, the price on the BMW being sold by “CaptainRipOff” seems right and the...
Look out, Mets: Cubs and Joe Maddon are talking dynasty One down, how many more to come? Even before the spilled champagne had dried in the visitor's clubhouse at Progressive Field early Thursday morning, the Cubs were talking like a...
Addison Russell: From Cubs afterthought to October legend CLEVELAND — On this ultra-talented Cubs team, he can be an afterthought. If the Cubs finish off the Indians in Wednesday night's World Series Game 7, though? Addison Russell will...
Cubs-Indians: Two tortured franchises in winner-take-all Game 7 CLEVELAND — It's just supposed to end this way, right? After 17 combined decades of waiting by two tortured fan bases, either the Cubs or Indians will win the World...
This young SS crop is sensational — but who's the best? CHICAGO — Between Nov. 11, 1993, and Sept. 22, 1994 — a span of 315 days — they were born. Between April 21, 2015, and Sept. 3, 2015 — a...
NFL Network suspended Pro Football Hall of Famer Marshall Faulk and two other former National Football League players as analysts on Monday after they and a former network executive were alleged to have sexually harassed a female colleague.
Faulk and fellow on-air analysts Ike Taylor and Heath Evans, along with former executive producer Eric Weinberger and former network analysts Donovan McNabb, Warren Sapp, and Eric Davis, were named in an updated lawsuit against NFL Enterprises by Jami Cantor, a former wardrobe stylist for the network. The amended complaint was first reported by Bloomberg News.
NFL Network analyst Marshall Faulk before the Cincinnati Bengals' game against the Houston Texans in Cincinnati on Sept. 14. Frank Victores / AP
None of the seven is named as a respondent in the lawsuit, which was originally filed in October in Los Angeles County Superior Court. The original complaint alleged inappropriate actions by 50 people whom it identified only as John Does 1-50.
The amended complaint accuses Faulk and Evans of having groped Cantor while she was at the network, while it accuses Taylor and McNabb of having sent her sexually inappropriate communications.
The communications from Taylor allegedly included video of him masturbating, while the alleged communications from McNabb, who now works for BeIN Sports and ESPN Radio, were text only, according to the complaint.
The complaint alleges that Sapp, who was fired from the network after he was arrested on charges of assault and soliciting a prostitute in 2015, made inappropriate sexual remarks and sent Cantor sex toys as Christmas gifts. The criminal charges charges against Sapp were dismissed.
It alleges that Davis, who now works for Fox Sports 1, groped Cantor and made sexually explicit remarks to her.
Alex Riethmiller, a spokesman for NFL Network, told NBC News in a statement Monday night: "Marshall Faulk, Ike Taylor, and Heath Evans have been suspended from their duties at NFL Network pending an investigation into these allegations."
Weinberger left NFL Network in 2015 to become president of Bill Simmons Media Group, publisher of the sports website The Ringer. The amended complaint accuses Weinberger of both having touched Cantor inappropriately and having sent her sexually inappropriate communications.
Related: The growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct
A spokesperson for The Ringer told NBC News: "These are very serious and disturbing allegations that we were made aware of today. We are placing Eric on leave indefinitely until we have a better understanding of what transpired during his time at the NFL, and we will conduct our own internal investigation."
NBC News reached out to Faulk, Taylor, Evans, McNabb, Weinberger and Davis for their responses to the allegations, but had not received any replies. NBC News was still attempting to reach Sapp for a comment.
The original suit alleges that Cantor was fired in October 2016 after having falsely been accused of stealing clothes from a network employee.
The suit seeks unspecified damages for wrongful termination, sexual harassment, retaliation, defamation and age discrimination, alleging that the person who was hired to replace Cantor is 21 years younger than she.
Related: Mario Batali steps away from 'The Chew,' businesses after misconduct allegations
Faulk, 47, a running back for the Indianapolis Colts and the then-St. Louis Rams for 12 seasons, was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2011. He rushed for 12,279 yards, 11th most in NFL history.
Evans, 38, played for four NFL teams as a running back, winning the Super Bowl with the New Orleans Saints after the 2009 season.
Taylor, 37, won two Super Bowls in a 12-year career as a cornerback with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Sapp, 44, played 13 seasons as a defensive tackle for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Oakland Raiders, winning the Super Bowl with Tampa Bay after the 2002 season, He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2013.
McNabb, 41, played 11 years as a quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles, the Washington Redskins and the Minnesota Vikings. He led the Eagles to the Super Bowl after the 2004 season, which was won by the New England Patriots.
Davis, 49, played 13 seasons as a defensive back for four teams, most notably the San Francisco 49ers, with whom he won the Super Bowl after the 1994 season.
All-Tournament Teams
Here are the Conference 1A-6A all-tournament teams from the state baseball tournament, which took place in Austin and Round Rock last week.
The Texas High School Baseball Coaches Association made the selections, and tournament most valuable players were named by the media.
Conference 1A
Pitcher: Hunter Pope, Abbott; Catcher: Damon Gerik, Fayetteville; 1B: Trace Richey, Gail Borden County; 2B: Lane Fritsch, Fayetteville; 3B: Matthew Pevehouse, Abbott; Shortstop: Payton Hemmitt, Fayetteville; OF: Weston Cantrell, Abbott; Braden Rohde, Fayetteville; Steven Carrillo, Gail Borden County; Utility: Gabe Nelson, Gilmer Union Hill
Championship Game MVP: Brent Mynar, Abbott
Conference 2A
Pitcher: Austin Hendrix, Dallardsville Big Sandy; Catcher: Carson Cheaney, Muenster; 1B: Dax Neece, Albany; 2B: Clay Stevens, Muenster; 3B: Parker McGrew, Muenster; SS: Chance Coker, Groveton; OF: Kagen Dangelmyer, Muenster; Bryce Holmes, Big Sandy; Broch Holmes, Big Sandy; Utility: Brian Hamilton, Albany
Championship Game MVP: Blayne Jones, Muenster
Conference 3A
Pitcher: Ryan Gully, Wall; Catcher: Dryden Virden, Wall; 1B: Skyler Hill, Georgetown County; 2B: Will Haley, Nacogdoches Central Heights; 3B: Scout Sanders, Whitesboro; SS: Grayson Rodriguez, Central Heights; OF: Gage Weishuhn, Wall; Braden Thomas, Central Heights; Brock Rosenquist, Wall; Utility: Rowan Arrant, Central Heights
Championship Game MVP: Cade Watson, Central Heights
Editor's Note: See the complete list and all of the tournament scores in the June 14 Bowie News.
University Interscholastic League. (Logo provided by the UIL, used with permission)
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – So much for the Warriors sweeping the Spurs out of their first-round playoff series.
Warriors' coach Steve Kerr joked Monday that he should have called a timeout three minutes into Game 4 and broken a clipboard to snap his team out of what he called a purposeless performance that led to a 103-90 loss to San Antonio on Sunday.
If the Warriors had won that game, they would have gotten six or seven days of rest before the Western Conference Semifinals against New Orleans start on Saturday or Sunday. Instead, they will play the Spurs in Game 5 at Oracle Arena on Tuesday while the Pelicans relax in their slippers.
But is playing another game truly a disadvantage? After all, it could mean that the Warriors will stay in rhythm while the Pelicans get a little too comfortable.
Kerr was asked Monday if that's the silver lining to a Game 5.
“I'm always for looking on the bright side,” Kerr said. “So I'm good with that. But that only works if you take care of business tomorrow. So let's take care of business and then, after the fact, I'll tell you how great it was that it went five instead of four.”
Warriors' assistant Mike Brown, who was a head coach for Cleveland in two stints (2005-2010 and 2013-14) and the Los Angeles Lakers (2011-2012), said there's no magic formula in terms of whether it's better for a team to rest or play more before the next round.
“I've been on teams where we've swept and we've had a long time and it was good for us,” Brown told the Bay Area News Group. “But we've swept and we've had a long time and it was bad for us. Or where it's gone all the way into the last second, but because you have rhythm, you're right back at it. I don't think there's any true rhyme or reason to trying to sweep somebody or winning in five, six, seven games. I've seen it both ways.”
The Warriors swept every series leading up to The Finals last year. They then beat Cleveland in five games to win their second championship in three seasons.
But in 2015, they had a tougher path to the title. After sweeping their first-round playoff series against New Orleans, it took them six games to get past Memphis in the Conference Semifinals, five games to beat Houston in the Conference Finals, and six games to win The Finals against Cleveland.
So even though the Warriors obviously would've preferred to sweep the Spurs on Sunday, Brown said there's not necessarily a better or a worse way to advancing to the next round — so long as the Warriors advance.
In fact, Brown pointed out that a sweep can sometimes hurt a team.
“Having that much time off, it's just human nature where you can kind of ease into the first game because you haven't had the contact,” Brown said. “You haven't had the effects of playing in a high-level game in a while. It's hard to simulate it in practice, even if you do scrimmage one or two of the days that you have off. You have to somehow know that that first game, it's more about energy than anything else.”
That being said, among the disadvantages of not sweeping, there's one really glaring and obvious one.
“Every game that you lose after being up 3-0 gives your opponent more confidence,” Brown said.
Klay Thompson, who is one of the most low-key, easygoing players in the NBA, argued both the pros and cons of playing a Game 5 after Monday's practice.
“Obviously, a sweep would've been nice, but they're hard to come by,” Thompson said. “We can keep our rhythm instead of taking seven days off. Seven days off would've been great too.”
All things considered, Thompson said he'll be happy as long as the Warriors win Tuesday. In fact, that would even come with an advantage.
“This is a pretty good consolation prize to be able to finish it off on your home floor,” Thompson said.
Like our Warriors Facebook page for more Warriors news, commentary and conversation.
ST. PAUL, Minn. — Lou Lamoriello spent Tuesday's game in the press box instead of on the bench, but it didn't make a difference for the Devils. Thomas Vanek scored...
After a summer of intensely negative reaction from the public over Centrelink's disastrous automated debt notices scheme, two government backbenchers bizarrely decided this week it would be time to congratulate the government on its digital agenda and for “fixing” Centrelink. MP for Fisher Andrew Wallace moved a motion on Monday in the Federation Chamber congratulating the government's technology reform agenda and actions the government was taking to renew ageing Centrelink IT.
Then new MP for Mackellar Jason Falinski got up to congratulate the Digital Transformation Agency, an agency that has not much to show for its two years in operation, and whose former CEO left under a cloud and now strongly criticises the government on its digital policy. Labor's spokesman on the digital economy Ed Husic was having none of it:
“My question to the Deputy Speaker is, is there a provision in the standing orders for either irony or grand self-delusion? Because that is the only way this resolution can be debated here now. You cannot be serious! It is such a bizarre resolution.”
Husic said that DTA had essentially become a think tank in government, and due to its own internal warfare, it was not actually doing any of the digital transforming it was designed to do. Husic dared the two Coalition MPs to post their speeches on their Facebook pages to see what reaction they got from the public. Perhaps unsurprisingly, both MPs — who often upload their speeches to Facebook — have not done so yet.
This morning in Oslo, the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to ICAN, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons. The Geneva-based organization, which has drawn support from Nigeria to Australia, made headlines this year when it spearheaded a United Nations effort to ban nuclear weapons.
Among those who celebrated the news was Ari Beser, an anti-nuclear activist with a personal connection to the story. His grandfather, Jacob Beser, was the only man in the world to fly on both planes that dropped nuclear bombs on Japan. PRI featured his story earlier this year, as part of our series about people who have kept the world safe from nuclear weapons.
Related: His grandfather helped bomb Hiroshima. Today, he's friends with a nuclear bomb survivor.
“I woke up this morning, and I checked my Facebook,” said Ari Beser, who felt energized and optimistic when he learned the news. “There it was.”
Beser attended the UN meeting where 122 nations signed a treaty that could ban nuclear weapons worldwide. It currently awaits ratification. Still, the noted absence of nuclear-armed powers at the meeting led to widespread skepticism about the ban's effectiveness.
“What I believe it is doing is creating this international pressure,” Beser said. He hopes the Nobel Peace Prize could lend legitimacy to the ban and force nuclear-armed nations to enter a dialogue with ICAN.
The award, he added, could create a “new stigma” around nuclear arms, similar to the stigma attached to biological and chemical weapons.
Beser recalled learning, in 2015, that a group of atomic bomb survivors had been nominated for the prize. At the time, he was interviewing survivors of Hiroshima and Nagasaki while writing a book called, "The Nuclear Family."
He asked Sumiteru Taniguchi, a famous survivor and activist, what he would say if he were to win the prize. Beser remembers Taniguchi saying, “We have to heed the warning of atomic bomb survivors. Because if we don't, there could be entire countries left uninhabitable by a nuclear war.” Taniguchi was instrumental in the effort to ban nuclear weapons, but he never learned that his fellow activists had won the Nobel Peace Prize. He died in August.
Beser said that his own generation of activists now feel energized to carry on the work. “This award doesn't abolish any of the nuclear weapons,” he said. “This is the rallying call, but it's not the end of the chapter.”
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
2:37 Witness to Mike Wallace beating testifies in court Pause
2:49 Police identify suspect in 2013 fatal stabbing
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:27 HB2: A timeline for North Carolina's controversial law
Televangelist asks his followers for $54m for private jet
Televangelist Jesse Duplantis says that God told him he needed a fourth private plane and he's asking his followers to foot the bill for $54 million.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins, says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' her at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
A Dover man was arrested on drug charges Monday after a traffic stop. 36-year-old Devron Powell was pulled over just before 11 a.m. near North State and Division Streets after police noticed his suspended license. Police searched his car and turned up 5,200 bags of heroin, a gram of marijuana and $1,000 in drug money. Powell was charged with multiple possession counts and driving with a suspended license.
By BY SETH BORENSTEIN
AP Science Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - A new study finds that a major trigger of man-made earthquakes rattling Oklahoma is how deep - not just how much - fracking wastewater is injected into the ground.
Scientists analyzed more than 10,000 wastewater injection wells where 96 billion gallons of fluid - leftover from hydraulic fracturing - are pumped yearly. The amount of wastewater injected and the depth are key to understanding the quake outbreak since 2009, they reported in Thursday's journal Science . The quakes included a damaging magnitude 5.8 in 2016, the strongest in state history.
State regulators could cut about in half the number of man-made quakes by restricting deep injections in the ground, said lead author Thea Hincks, an earth scientist at the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom. Companies drilling for oil and gas should not inject waste within 600 to 1500 feet (200 to 500 meters) of the geologic basement. That's the stable harder rock deep underground usually made of metamorphic and igneous rocks.
That region is usually crisscrossed with earthquake faults. The closer you get to the faults, the more likely you are to trigger them, said Stanford University geophysicist Matthew Weingarten, who wasn't part of the study.
Lab experiments show basement rocks are more susceptible to earthquakes because "having fluids in a rock is going to weaken the rock," said co-author Thomas Gernon, a geologist at the University of Southampton.
Previous studies had pinpointed the amount of fluids injected into wells as an issue. Gernon said volume does trigger earthquakes, but when volume levels were reduced the number of quakes didn't drop as much as had been expected. That's because where the stuff is put matters slightly more, he said.
The findings only apply to quakes in Oklahoma, researchers said.
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears . His work can be found here .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DeVos: There is an 'urgency' in solving gun violence Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, whom President Trump is naming to helm a task force on school safety, says there is a “sense of urgency” in solving gun violence after the...
Feds probing how MSU handled Nassar sex assault allegations The feds said Monday that the Education Department had opened an investigation into how Michigan State University handled allegations of sexual assault against Dr. Larry Nassar — the longtime employee...
Why Trump should make school choice his next big fight Few members of President Trump's Cabinet are as reviled by liberals as Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. That may seem strange, given the relatively small impact that department has on the...
DeVos may only forgive some loans of defrauded students WASHINGTON — The Education Department is considering only partially forgiving federal loans for students defrauded by for-profit colleges, according to department officials, abandoning the Obama administration's policy of erasing that...
The bad history of Ken Burns' ‘Vietnam' and other comments Libertarian: Puerto Rico's Problems Don't Include Trump Things “are pretty bad in Puerto Rico,” concedes Glenn Harlan Reynolds at USA Today, but “the problem here isn't presidential,” even though the...
The beginning of the end for campus kangaroo courts Good news for college men: You're welcome again on campus. On Friday, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos ripped up the Obama administration's one-sided rules on how colleges and universities handle accusations...
Trump's 'lazy' anthem tweets and other comments Trump's Anthem Tweets Show Lazy Thinking There are three problems with President Trump's tweets attacking players who kneel during the national anthem and calling for them to be fired, says...
DeVos revokes Obama-era campus sex assault policies Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on Friday scrapped Obama administration rules on how colleges should deal with accusations of sexual assault and issued new interim guidelines on the hot-button issue. Earlier...
Conservative law professor Kevin Walsh, in an intriguing new article, makes the case for repealing the “natural born” citizenship requirement for the presidency. Next month it will be 150 years since such a proposal for a constitutional amendment was first put before Congress. Today it really makes no sense to discriminate against naturalized citizens when it comes to the presidency, assuming it ever did in the first place.
I can think of three further reasons that the timing is right. For one, between election cycles, it isn't about possible candidates who were born abroad: Arnold Schwarzenegger or Jennifer Granholm or Ted Cruz (who probably isn't barred anyway). It's about the principle on its own.
For another, repealing the natural born requirement would free us once and for all of the ridiculous “birther” debate, which would be in effect repudiated as racist and xenophobic.
Above all, changing the Constitution to allow immigrants to become president would send a profoundly resonant pro-immigration image at a moment when it is desperately needed. Presumably, President Donald Trump would (or at least should) have a hard time opposing an amendment that would allow his wife, Melania, to run for president without anyone questioning her loyalty.
Article II Section 1 of the Constitution says that “No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President.”
There are competing views of what exactly the words “natural born citizen” meant to the founders. The conventional view is that it means anyone born in the U.S. or considered a citizen by birth under the naturalization laws that existed at the moment of his or her birth. That would cover Cruz, born in Canada to a father who was born in Cuba and an American mother.
Others think the term included only U.S.-born children plus children of U.S. officials born abroad. The legal historian Tom Lee argues compellingly that British law at the time gave the term a slightly broader meaning, including also children of U.S. businessmen born abroad on temporary sojourns.
The original purpose of the provision is also a bit obscure. On July 25, 1787, while the Philadelphia constitutional convention was in session, John Jay, who was not a delegate, wrote George Washington a letter offering the “hint” that the drafters “provide a strong check to the admission of Foreigners into the administration of our national Government, and to declare expressly that the Command in chief of the American army shall not be given to, nor devolved on, any but a natural born Citizen.” Lee astutely suggests this was a reference to blocking the Marquis de Lafayette from becoming commander in chief.
Notably, Jay was focused on the commander in chief, not the president -- and he did not know that the two jobs would be fused into one. Most likely, Washington took Jay's worry about the commander in chief to heart, and when the president was also made the commander in chief, the natural born requirement came along with it.
However created, the natural born requirement now deserves to go. Loyalty can be established by citizenship and residency. Adding birth is archaic at best, and flat-out discriminatory at worst.
It will necessarily be hard to make the change when one or the other party has a good potential presidential candidate born outside the U.S. and naturalized later. Politics will motivate the other party to drag its feet. Much better to act now, when no obvious naturalized candidate is in play.
The clause hasn't done us any identifiable good in U.S. history. No dangerous potential candidate has been headed off by being born abroad.
But it has done a lot of harm -- in the form of the birther conspiracy about Barack Obama to which Donald Trump gave life, and which hasn't disappeared. The whole premise of the theory was that Obama wasn't qualified to be president because he was born abroad.
The falsehood of the charge notwithstanding, things would have been far better had there been no way to say Obama was barred from the presidency by foreign birth. The principle should be clear: All citizens are equal in the eyes of the law when it comes to the presidency.
Trump supporters might see a proposed amendment as a great opportunity to push a xenophobic, nativist agenda. But the national Republican Party could not afford to allow itself to be seen as so overtly anti-immigrant.
In any case, Democrats should push the issue -- now. It's the right thing to do. And we might even improve the quality of our presidents over the long run.
A full moon is set behind the Mount Agung volcano in Karangasem, Bali, Indonesia, on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. More than 140,000 people have fled from the surrounds of Mount Agung since authorities raised the volcano's alert status to the highest level on Sept. 22 after a sudden increase in tremors. It last erupted in 1963, killing more than 1,000 people. (AP Photo/Firdia Lisnawati)
JAKARTA: Indonesian authorities are urging people not to climb the active Mount Agung volcano on Bali after a video of a foreigner standing at the edge of its smoking crater circulated online.
Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said Friday that the volcano is “very dangerous” and could explode anytime. It's been at its highest alert level since Sept. 22, sparking an exodus of more than 140,000 people from the area.
The video posted on Facebook shows a middle-aged man speaking French while plumes of steam rise from the crater he is perched above.
Nugroho said an exclusion zone that extends to 12 kilometers (7 miles) from the crater in places should not be entered.
An eruption would release lava and superheated ash and gas clouds that would speed down the mountain's slopes, he said.
Last week, four Hindu priests angered authorities by posting a video of the crater after climbing the peak to pray.
Mount Agung last erupted in 1963, killing more than 1,100 people.
JAKARTA: Indonesian authorities are urging people not to climb the active Mount Agung volcano on Bali after a video of a foreigner standing at the edge of its smoking crater circulated online.
Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said Friday that the volcano is “very dangerous” and could explode anytime. It's been at its highest alert level since Sept. 22, sparking an exodus of more than 140,000 people from the area.
The video posted on Facebook shows a middle-aged man speaking French while plumes of steam rise from the crater he is perched above.
Nugroho said an exclusion zone that extends to 12 kilometers (7 miles) from the crater in places should not be entered.
An eruption would release lava and superheated ash and gas clouds that would speed down the mountain's slopes, he said.
Last week, four Hindu priests angered authorities by posting a video of the crater after climbing the peak to pray.
Mount Agung last erupted in 1963, killing more than 1,100 people.
The state's junior senator, Kamala Harris, has not been to Iowa yet — or New Hampshire or South Carolina, for that matter; a trip last month to Nevada is her only one to a traditionally early-voting state. But she has been building her national profile through her work in the Senate, and will travel often to support fellow Democrats with visits like last weekend's to Detroit, where she headlined a major Michigan Democratic Party dinner.
“[We] will fight each and every day for the ideals of our country and that is what is at stake right now,” she told what was her biggest political audience of the year to date. “It is about being patriots.”
None has formally launched a campaign yet, of course. Garcetti told reporters he was in Iowa to “listen,” and was focused seeing what lessons he's learned running the nation's second largest city that could be applied elsewhere. Swalwell, who like Schiff has drawn national attention for his work as on the House Intelligence Committee's Russia investigation, cast his latest Iowa visit as focused on 2018, not 2020.
“I came here because if we win Iowa this November, we win Congress,” he said at the Davenport dinner.
It's been more than two decades since a California Democrat waged a serious campaign for the presidency — then former-Gov. Jerry Brown, in 1992. But it's no surprise that it may field multiple candidates this time. The state has been a chief antagonist of President Trump, challenging administration actions in court and fueling the so-called resistance movement.
The president in turn has described California as “out of control,” especially for immigration policies he says have put the nation at risk. He tweeted about California five times in the last week alone. And the pipeline of rising stars from there seem eager to take the fight to Trump beyond its borders.
Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif. Tom Williams / AP file
“I think California scares him,” Garcetti said of the president in an interview with NBC News this month as he made his first waters-testing visit to Iowa. “I think cities that embrace a sense of belonging for everyone scares him. We know it works.”
Garcetti arrived here one day after scoring a victory against the president in court. A federal judge sided with the city as it argued the Trump administration couldn't link eligibility for grant money to cooperation in immigration enforcement policies.
“I've been battling MS-13 long before we had a president who wanted to join the fight,” he told reporters after his first Iowa stop, a tour of a Carpenters Union training facility in Altoona. “I don't think Washington knows how to keep local communities safe as much as the people in those local communities.”
Dianne Feinstein's decision to seek a fifth full term in the Senate in 2018 cut off one potential path for ambitious California Democrats. And in an unpredictable political climate, the Democrats' overall 2020 field could be larger even than the 2016 Republican crop that produced Donald Trump as its nominee. In such a climate, many are asking, why not?
Asked in the interview if there was room in the field for so many Californians, Garcetti said there was enough “room for as many patriots that look at this country and say, we need to go in a new direction.”
Swalwell told NBC News he thinks it would be good for the party to have a large field, regardless of where they come from.
“I think people in our country are hungry for new voices, new energy, new ideas, and they don't really care where those voices come from,” he said. “California's a big state, so naturally it doesn't surprise me that people from California are giving it some consideration.”
The controversial Mossend International Railfreight Park looks set to go ahead at last after a second thumbs-up from the Scottish Government.
The project backers have said it will create nearly 5000 jobs — a figure disputed by critics — but it was stopped in its tracks a year ago after North Lanarkshire Council took legal action.
The Court of Session backed the council's stance and the issue was sent back to the Government for further consideration, but it has stuck to its original decision.
Peter D Stirling, the family firm which operates Mossend Railhead, is behind the expansion plans which have outraged residents. They are angry at the loss of greenbelt and the impact of traffic and noise.
The council refused planning permission and the Scottish Government reporter who conducted an inquiry was also against it. His recommendation was not acceptd by the Government which upheld an appeal by Stirling, but a second reporter has now said the development should be allowed.
He conceded that the issue was “very finely balanced”, but cited a number of factors in favour of the project including the site now being more accessible due to the completion of the M8 and the lack of a realistic alternative site.
Councillor Paul Kelly, depute leader of the council, was disappointed at the decision and didn't rule out a further attempt to halt the project.
He said: “We listened to our communities who completely opposed the further development of the Mossend facility.
“More than 1,000 written objections were submitted, several petitions were put forward and all parties in this council took on board the significant strength of feeling by local people that this large-scale development would have a detrimental impact on their lives and on the local landscape and green space.
“Although the reporter acknowledges the residential environment and natural heritage between Bellshill and Coatbridge will be diminished, the sheer weight of the railfreight park's economic benefits appears to have been the deciding factor. Our local communities will be devastated that local, democratic decision-making has not been taken into account.
“The council will be reviewing the decision in detail and will explore all available options.”
Bellshill Tory councillor Colin Cameron was also angry at the outcome. He said “This decision will not only bring more disruption to areas that have only recently recovered from the construction of the new M8, but more industrial traffic and, consequently, pollution to the residential areas around North Road.”
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have developed a paper that can track touch, which, among other applications, could lead to an inexpensive way to digitize writing. They're presenting their work this week at the ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems.
The paper itself is your typical, run-of-the-mill paper, but conductive material is applied to the back. While looking for the best conductive material to attach to the paper, the researchers wanted to make sure it was as inexpensive as possible and could be applied in a high-volume production scenario. Many materials were eliminated due to high costs, non-scalability and poor interaction with paper, but the researchers found two that were suitable -- a carbon-loaded plastic sheet that can be adhered to the paper and carbon-loaded paint that can be silk-screened, brushed or sprayed on.
Terrelle Pryor made the full-time switch to wide receiver this season after playing quarterback since his days at Ohio State. Needless to say, it went extremely well. In the Browns' unexciting offense, Pryor hauled in 77 catches for 1,077 yards and four touchdowns.
By reaching the 1,000-yard mark in terms of receiving, Pryor made NFL history for his versatility. He became just the second player ever with 1,000 receiving yards in one season and 1,000 yards passing in another. Marlin Briscoe is the only other player to accomplish that feat.
Terrelle Pryor is a 2nd player in NFL history w/ 1,000 rec yds in 1 season & 1,000 pass yds in another, joining Marlin Briscoe (@EliasSports) pic.twitter.com/LPXLoy7gQL — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) January 2, 2017
Pryor had 1,798 yards passing and seven touchdowns for the Raiders in 2013. It was a rough season that saw him complete just 57.4 percent of his passes with 11 interceptions, but he still reached the coveted 1,000-yard mark.
As for Briscoe, he had 1,589 passing yards in 1968 as a rookie before switching to wide receiver like Pryor. In 1970, he had 1,036 receiving yards and eight touchdowns, making his first and only Pro Bowl.
How accurate is it? And how does it work? All your questions answered
In or out? It's one of the most important questions that'll be asked during this year's Wimbledon Championships and one that could be decided by the Hawk-eye electronic line judge.
Advertisement
But how exactly does it work? And how can players use it?
Here's everything you need to know…
How does Hawk-eye actually work?
Despite its name, this piece of umpiring sadly doesn't rely on Wimbledon's harris hawk/pigeon deterrent Rufus. The job instead goes to a network of 10 cameras spread around the court that capture 60 high-resolution images per second. At least five cameras cover every ball bounce.
A centralised computer system rapidly processes the images, triangulates the position of the ball and calculates a flight path (that's the yellow streak you see behind the ball in the Hawk-eye graphics) with many mathematical calculations.
Hawk-eye collects data for every shot taken in the match, not just the close calls. This is to make sure all 10 cameras are doing their job – as well as providing plenty of talking points for analysts and pundits.
The 26-strong Hawk-eye team ensure the cameras are calibrated to the courtlines, and they have to do this when faded lines are repainted throughout the tournament.
During games, a team of four work from a commentary booth: two Hawk-Eye team members, one big-screen operator and one review official (a certified umpire).
How many times can players use Hawk-eye?
Here's some good news for players: they're given unlimited opportunity to challenge a call in each set at Wimbledon. However, there's a catch: once three incorrect challenges are made, that player can't challenge again until the next set.
If the set goes to a tiebreak, an extra challenge is awarded to each player.
It rarely happens, but the umpire can reject a challenge if it is an “unreasonable request or that it was not made in a timely manner”, according to the International Tennis Federation rules.
When was Hawk-eye introduced to Wimbledon?
After it was first tested in 2004, the system, invented by Paul Hawkins, was implemented on Centre and No.1 courts in 2007. The system is now used across Centre Court, and courts 1,2,3,12 and 18.
Players on courts without Hawk-eye have to solely rely online umpires to make the right calls.
How accurate is it?
Not 100%. In fact, the Hawk-eye system has a 2.2mm margin of error, with some research claiming the system can be as much as 10mm off. Why? The ball may move too quickly to be properly captured on camera as all cameras have a finite frame-speed. As one University of Cardiff paper says, “if the frame-speed is, say, 100 frames per second, and the ball is moving at about 100 mph it will travel about 1.5 feet between frames”.
This margin of error can cause controversy during big points. For instance, in the 2007 Wimbledon final between Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer, a ball that appeared to be out was called in by 1mm.
There are other occasional problems with the system. During a 2017 match between Rafael Nadal and Borna Coric, the Hawk-eye graphic failed to show on screen, with Nadal appearing to be sceptical about the final call.
Advertisement
But despite the problems with Hawk-Eye, it's a lot more reliable than human line judges. Studies have suggested 8.2% of all line calls involving balls within 100mm of a court line will be called incorrectly by line judges. This means you can expect line judges to make four errors per set.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — For most of Saturday's game against Coastal Carolina, South Carolina point guard Hassani Gravett was in Gamecock coach Frank Martin's doghouse.
Despite struggling on both ends of the court, Gravett stepped up with 6.5 second remaining to make a 3-point play to give the Gamecocks an 80-78 come-from-behind victory over Coastal Carolina.
The play allowed USC to earn a victory in a game it trailed throughout much of the second half. The Gamecocks survived Coastal Carolina getting two shots off as time ran out. The win, which improved USC's record to 8-2, was its third straight since returning home.
“Obviously we were fortunate to win that game, lucky to win that game actually,” Martin said. “It is what it is. I'm not worried about the score of games.I've got two, three, maybe four guys that have been pretty consistent with listening right now but, outside of that we've got a lot of room for improvement.”
Gravett has made just two of eight shots prior to the winning play when he banked in a short jumper following a drive, then hit the accompanying free throw.
“I just had to do whatever coach wanted of me,” Gravett said. “We came down. He called a play and we tried to execute it. I saw I had the open drive so I just drove the ball. (Martin) is going to get on you for making mistakes and he should. But you have to keep your head in there and be ready whenever you name is called.”
The win, which improved USC's record to 8-2, was its third straight since returning home following a loss to Temple in Madison Square Garden.
Martin was pleased Gravett made the winning shot, but believes he must improve if the Gamecocks are to be successful.
“Good for him,” said Martin. “He made a shot to help us win the game. He's got a lot of growing up to do. We've got to figure out what we need to do to get him to be more consistent with his approach, his focus.”
The loss dropped the Chanticleers to 5-5. Coach Cliff Ellis was pleased with the performance of his team, however.
“It's really disappointing,” said Ellis. “We had an opportunity to win, but I can't say enough about the effort of our team or (South Carolina).We did what we needed to do. We just came up short.
“It will be a tough bus ride back. We thought we should have won, but give credit to South Carolina.”
Martin has built his coaching reputation on defence. He has been frustrated that this year's team has not displayed toughness on that side of the court.
The Chanticleers exploited South Carolina's perimeter defence throughout, making 10 of 24 3-point attempts. When Coastal wasn't scoring from long range, its guards managed to beat defenders off the dribble.
The Chanticleers continued to take advantage of USC's defence in the second half, earning its largest lead (69-64) with 7:56 remaining on an Arthur Labinowicz jumper.
The Gamecocks pulled within one on several occasions, but appeared unable to re-gain the advantage until Gravett's play.
BIG PICTURE
Coastal, which entered Columbia with a 5-4 record, returns home with confidence after struggling early in the season. The Chanticleers placed four players in double figures, led by Demario Beck with 20. He was followed by Jalen Shaw (17), Ajay Sanders (14) and Zac Cuthbertson (11). Shaw began his career at USC before transferring to Coastal.
“I have been excited about this game since the end of last season,” said Shaw. “I looked at it as any other game. We were trying to get out of here with a win. I just wanted to play my heart out and try to get better.”
Frank Booker paced USC with 19. Chris Silva (15) and Justin Minaya (13) were also in double figures.
UP NEXT
Following s break for exams, South Carolina goes on the road to take on instate rival Clemson on Dec. 19. Following a holiday break it hosts Limestone on Dec. 27.
Coastal Carolina begins a five-game home stand, starting with Montreat Dec. 16.
If you're looking to take your business public, you'd better first learn how to keep it private. That's the hard lesson for Ashley Madison as stolen data about its adulterous...
Get the Mach newsletter.
A fast-moving asteroid the size of a city block gave Earth a close shave today, zooming safely past at 6:05 p.m. EDT at a distance of about 126,000 miles. That's about half the distance from the Earth to the moon and the closest approach the asteroid has made in nearly 300 years, EarthSky.org reported.
The space rock, known as 2010 WC9, was moving at almost 29,000 miles per hour as it passed. It has a diameter of 60 to 134 meters, or roughly 200 to 400 feet — "as big across as a city block," Dr. Erin Ryan, an asteroid expert at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, told NBC News MACH in an email.
Big as it is, the asteroid was too faint to be seen with the naked eye even during the flyby. But Northolt Branch Observatories, an astronomy group in London, England, livestreamed telescopic views of the asteroid on its Facebook page in the days leading up to the flyby.
The first time Northolt Branch Observatories observed 2010 WC9 was on May 9, when it was still known by its provisional designation ZJ99C60 (and thought to be a "new" asteroid). Northolt Branch Observatories
Dr. Paul Chodas, director of the Center for Near-Earth Object Studies at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, and a noted expert on asteroids, said astronomers affiliated with the NASA-funded Catalina Sky Survey discovered 2010 WC9 in 2010 and quickly determined that it posed no threat to Earth. "We knew enough not to be worried," he said.
But what if an asteroid the size of WC9 were to strike Earth? If it were made of rocky material, Ryan said, it might create a small crater and shatter windows — as happened in 2013, when a meteor entering the atmosphere blew up over Chelyabinsk, Russia. But some asteroids are made of metal, and if one the size of WC9 were to hit us, she said, "you'd get a crater about as big as Meteor Crater."
Meteor Crater, about 19 miles west of Winslow, Arizona, is about 4,000 feet in diameter and about 600 feet deep.
That might sound scary even to contemplate, but astronomers say there's no need to be overly concerned about an asteroid strike.
An asteroid roughly the size of 2010 WC9 collides with Earth only about once every 6,000 years, Chodas said. And as Dr. Amy Mainzer, another asteroid expert at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, told MACH in December, “There are no objects that have been identified that are known to be on a collision course with Earth.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Image caption The former cinema was sold for £530,000 in 2014
A derelict cinema which has been empty for 13 years is to get a new lease of life as a church.
Ipswich Borough Council's planning committee gave the green light for the conversion of the town's former Odeon.
The five-screen cinema closed in 2005 and will become a new place of worship for Hope Church, which is currently based in Fore Hamlet.
The church is in negotiations to buy the building, which is owned by the same firm which owns Empire Cinemas.
Hope Church lodged the application to turn it into a place of worship as it said it had outgrown its current premises.
Under the plans, there will be a cafe that will be open to the public, two auditoriums for congregations and separate rooms for children's workshops and activities, office space, events and conferences.
The church hopes to complete the move within the next 12 months.
'Ipswich flourish'
Liz Harsant, Holywells ward councillor, who spoke on behalf of the church at the committee meeting, said: "Hope Church has been in Ipswich over 25 years and played an active part in the community for much of that time."
She said it was pastor Tom Scrivens's desire "and that of the church to see Ipswich flourish and they wish to play their part in that".
The building was used as a cinema from 1991 to 2005.
An application was lodged in 2006 for multi-leisure use to create a nightclub, bowling alley and restaurants, but this never came to fruition.
The building was sold in 2014 for £530,000.
The 2017 local plan had designated it for leisure use, but it was considered by planning officers that a place of worship was acceptable.
MK Moti Yogev was justifiably upset Sunday, just two days after a Palestinian terrorist in Mevo Dotan rammed a car into a group of soldiers, killing Capt. Ziv Daus, 21, and Sgt. Netanel Kahalani, 20.
Perhaps Yogev's aggravated emotional state explains his extended diatribe against the Supreme Court during an interview with Radio Darom.
Yogev claimed that by weakening Israel's deterrence against terrorists, like the one who murdered Daus and Kahalani, Israel's highest court had become an accomplice to terrorism. He claimed that Supreme Court justices lived in an alternative universe, detached from reality – “la la land.” And he referred to them as a “pillar of butchery” rather than a “pillar of democracy,” a play on words in Hebrew that implied the court was encouraging murder by restraining the IDF and its soldiers from doing everything in their power to fight terrorism.It was an impassioned but very misguided speech. For as retired Supreme Court justice Elyakim Rubinstein noted, “In the majority of cases involving [punitive] house demolitions, the courts do not interfere with IDF orders.” In fact, according to a 2002 Supreme Court ruling during the Second Intifada, a house demolition can even be carried out without allowing recourse to appeal, if such a delay would “endanger the lives of Israelis.” Ammesty International criticized the court at the time, saying the decision was “a virtual green light” to demolish without warning.Even if the court did, as Yogev claimed, prevent the IDF from demolishing homes “within 48 to 72 hours” – contrary to what he would like to see happen – it is not at all clear that house demolitions deter terrorist attacks, particularly when the perpetrator is fully prepared to die. One study by Efraim Benmelech of Northwestern University, and Claude Berrebi and Esteban F. Klor of Hebrew University of Jerusalem, titled “Counter Suicide Terrorism: Evidence from House Demolitions” that was published in 2015 in The Journal of Politics, found that there were shortterm effects after the demolition – for about a month.In contrast, an internal IDF report from 2005 that analyzed the effectiveness of the policy during the Second Intifada – during which 3,000 civilian homes were demolished without the Supreme Court stopping those demolitions – found that terrorist attacks actually increased as a result of the policy. Hatred for Israel was stimulated, the damage outweighed benefits, and it was recommended that the practice be stopped.Not only were Yogev's claims made against the Supreme Court wrong (the court usually does not prevent house demolitions), but even if they were right, he would still be off base by claiming that by preventing demolitions, the court was encouraging more terrorism. Perhaps the opposite is true.But Yogev did not let the facts get in the way of his argument. Indeed, it is fashionable on the Right to attack the Supreme Court. Lashing out at the justices and their “leftwing agenda” has become increasingly common – and politically expedient.In a number of recent high-profile cases, Supreme Court justices have rankled right-wing politicians and their constituents. The court has repeatedly disqualified or delayed legislation – which sought long-term detention or expulsions for foreigners from Eritrea or Sudan who infiltrated into Israel illegally – because it was seen by its justices as a violation of the foreigners' basic human rights. Similarly, the court has intervened in issues seen as security-related, such as a government decisions whether or not Israel should return the bodies of Palestinian terrorists.While a majority of Israelis (58%) still believe the Supreme Court should retain the power to annul laws passed by the Knesset, according to the Israel Democracy Institute's annual public opinion survey, more than half of right-wing Israelis (53%) believe it should not. So it is a very popular among Yogev's constituency to attack the Supreme Court for its purportedly excessive liberalism.We would argue, however, that as long as Israel has no constitution that clearly protects individual basic rights, it is important that Israel maintain a strong, outspoken judiciary. Democracy is not just the rule of the majority. That can lead to the tyranny of the majority. A robust democracy must also have an independent judiciary that rules – not in accordance with political trends, but with democratic principles – including the principle that men like Yogev have the right to speak their mind, even if what they say is not true.
By Maria Sacchetti | Washington Post
WASHINGTON – A federal judge in Washington delivered the toughest blow yet to the Trump administration's efforts to phase out an Obama-era program for undocumented immigrants known as “dreamers,” ordering the administration to continue the program and accept new applicants for the first time.
U.S. District Judge John Bates called the government's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program “virtually unexplained” and therefore “unlawful.” However, the judge gave the Trump administration 90 days to provide a more solid reason for ending the program before his ruling will take effect.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
In his decision, Bates said the Trump administration's decision to phase out the program starting in March “was arbitrary and capricious because the Department failed adequately to explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful.”
If the government does not come up with a better explanation within 90 days, he said, the administration's order to rescind DACA will be vacated and “DHS must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications.”
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Costa Rica is among central American countries hit by storm Nate
US states in the Gulf of Mexico are again on a state of alert as Hurricane Nate barrels towards them.
Parts of the city of New Orleans, devastated by Hurricane Katrina 12 years ago, are being evacuated.
Nate killed at least 23 people as it passed through Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Honduras as a tropical storm.
It has since strengthened to a Category 1 hurricane which, though not as strong as last month's Maria and Irma, will still bring strong winds and surges.
A hurricane warning has been issued for parts of the Gulf Coast from Louisiana to Alabama, amid warnings of life-threatening storm surge flooding.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards has declared a state of emergency ahead of the hurricane, which is due to make landfall on Saturday night local time.
He said more than 1,000 National Guard troops had been mobilised with a number sent to New Orleans to monitor the drainage pumps there. "Anyone in low-lying areas... we are urging them to prepare now," he said.
A mandatory curfew from 18:00 (23:00 GMT) is in place in New Orleans.
"Our greatest threat... is not necessarily rain, but strong winds and storm surge," the city's Mayor Mitch Landrieu said.
Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula - home to the popular beach resorts of Cancun and Plana del Carmen - was braced for the storm on Friday night.
The governor, Carlos Joaquin, said that although the worst of the storm was expected to pass just east of the peninsula it could still bring torrential rains and flooding.
Oil companies were evacuating staff from platforms in the Gulf of Mexico that lie along the predicted path of the storm.
Nate caused heavy rains, landslides and floods which blocked roads, destroyed bridges and damaged houses as it tore through central America.
At least 11 people died in Nicaragua, eight in Costa Rica, three in Honduras and one in El Salvador.
Thousands have been forced to sleep in shelters and some 400,000 people in Costa Rica were reported to be without running water.
