South Korean prosecutors indicted former President Park Geun-hye on Monday as they wrapped up a six-month probe into the corruption and influence-peddling scandal that brought her down last month.
Park has been charged with bribery, abuse of power, coercion and leaking government secrets in 18 suspected crimes, mostly involving her long-time friend Choi Soon-sil and former key aides.
She was taken into custody on March 31, Yonhap News Agency reported.
Park became the country's third former President to stand trial over corruption allegations, after Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo.
If convicted, she could face a prison term ranging from 10 years to life.
In addition to allegations that Park colluded with her friend Choi Soon-sil in coercing conglomerates to donate 77.4 billion won ($68 million) to two non-profit foundations — Mir and K-Sports, the former leader is also accused of soliciting bribes from Lotte and SK groups.
Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin was put on trial on charges of giving 7 billion won to the K-Sports Foundation, allegedly controlled by Choi.
SK Group avoided prosecution as it did not give 8.9 billion won in donations sought by the former President.
Prosecutors suspect that Park promised favours in relation to the conglomerates' bids for duty-free shops and other business projects.
The retail giant Lotte was selected by the Korea Customs Service (KCS) to operate the lucrative shop in Seoul, together with Hyundai and Shinsegae, in December.
Park reportedly denied all the charges during her five rounds of questioning in jail.
Woo Byung-woo, senior presidential secretary for civil affairs from 2015 to 2016, was also indicted for allegedly neglecting his duty in preventing Choi from meddling in state affairs and abusing his authority.
Prosecutors have been accelerating the investigation to conclude it before Monday's launch of the official campaign for the May 9 presidential election.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up his specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where he works.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. He doesn't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, he acknowledges.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes herself as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says she no longer recognizes her neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. He says bureaucrats keep telling him to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, he says.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though he only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Her work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even she has not applied for work permits for her Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," she says. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged his feet too. When he arrived four years ago, he thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," he says.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
He still dreams of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
Uproxx
Years ago, if you were tired and wanted a quick burst of energy, you would brew a cup of coffee. After waiting for it to cool a bit, you'd then drink it down and go about your day. It was simple, easy and pretty much the only way to get a dose of caffeine in the US for decades. That is, until Jolt Cola was introduced in the mid-80s. It was touted as having double the caffeine content of a normal cup of coffee. Since then, countless energy drinks have stomped into the marketplace with frosted tips and a radical ‘tude, including: Red Bull, 5-Hour Energy, Monster, and Nos. It's easy to open your fridge, grab a can, pop it open, and guzzle it down. Bam! Instant energy. But, just like with coffee, we start to build up tolerances to energy drinks and we eventually need more and more high caffeine drinks to achieve the desired, wired effects. Where does it end? Cocaine, obviously. Don't believe me? A startling new study linked the two and it's not good news for habitual energy drink imbibers.
Back in October, we wrote about a study that claimed that combining alcohol and energy drinks was the equivalent of doing a few lines of cocaine. It was based on a study from Purdue University in which mice were given a combination of alcohol and energy drinks. While this new study from the University of Maryland School of Public Health (published in the journal of Drug and Alcohol Dependence) doesn't go into greater detail on this, it does make a strong correlation between energy drink use and the potential of future drug use. Instead of just getting the effects of cocaine, regular energy drink users might actually turn to hard drugs.
Researchers studied 1,099 adults between the ages of 21-25 over a period of five years and found that participants who regularly drank energy drinks were much more likely to move on to hard drugs like cocaine as well as prescription stimulants, and were more likely to abuse alcohol than those who didn't partake in energy drinks.
“The results suggest that energy drink users might be at heightened risk for other substance use, particularly stimulants,” lead researcher Dr. Amelia Arria told UMD Right Now. “Because of the longitudinal design of this study, and the fact that we were able to take into account other factors that would be related to risk for substance use, this study provides evidence of a specific contribution of energy drink consumption to subsequent substance use.”
All of the participants were college students (pretty much the main demographic for energy drinks). They were asked to complete a survey at various times throughout the five years. More than 50% of the participants continued to drink heavy quantities of energy drinks throughout the study. Researchers referred to this as “persistent trajectory” and they were shown to have a much higher risk of drug and alcohol abuse by the time they turned 25. It should be noted that neither cigarettes nor marijuana usage were shown to increase based on the amount on energy drinks the participants consumed.
Researchers noted that more studies need to be done to fully understand just why this correlation between energy drinks and cocaine exists. “Future studies should focus on younger people, because we know that they too are regularly consuming energy drinks,” said Dr. Arrias. “We want to know whether or not adolescents are similarly at risk for future substance use.”
This is definitely something to keep an eye, especially as you're reaching for your second Red Bull of the day.
Small businesses created fewer jobs during May, joining larger companies in a slowdown that may be due to a lack of qualified candidates.
Payroll company ADP said Wednesday it counted 38,000 new jobs at its customers with 49 or fewer employees. That's down from an average of nearly 59,000 in the first four months of this year.
ADP's tally of new jobs at companies of all sizes fell to 178,000 from a four-month average of nearly 229,000.
Some companies have said in surveys they want to hire but struggle to find candidates with the right skills. A survey released Wednesday by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and MetLife showed that 32 percent of the 1,002 small business owners questioned between late March and late April expect to hire.
Arutz Sheva was on site at the 242nd US Independence Day celebration that took place last night at the Avenue Convention & Events Center at Airport City, and spoke with Israeli officials, who congratulated the US and emphasized the strength of the American-Israeli alliance during the Trump administration.
MK Ofir Akunis (Likud) said, “Happy birthday to the United States of America, we are glad to be at an all-time peak in the alliance between our countries. Both of us [share] one great future, and I'm glad to be here. Mazal tov, America.
Deputy Minister Michael Oren, “In our 70-year history, we've never known an administration so friendly. The friendliness is not just from the president and his relationship with the State of Israel, but it's his entire administration: The secretary of state, national security adviser, defense minister, ambassador to the UN. This is an administration that is with us on issues vital to Israel's future and security, on Iran and Syria, on Gaza, in the UN, and that is definitely a reason to celebrate.”
Marc Zell, Co-chair of Republicans Overseas in Israel, “This is the second time we celebrate American independence during the Trump administration, but this is coming in a year of great achievements for this president, here in the Middle East specifically, with the moving of the embassy to Jerusalem and the declaration of Jerusalem, and the renewal and reinvigoration of the American-Israeli alliance, the whole change of American in the Middle East, America's stature in the world, and of course the great success of the American economy at home. This is a year of wonders.”
Dr. Dore Gold, former Israeli ambassador to the UN and president of the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, “If you notice, it's the 242nd anniversary of American independence. This should remind us of resolution 242, which never mentioned Jerusalem, which did not call for a full withdrawal from the territories, and reminds us what our rights are under international principles and that we have to protect them. I think, considering that President Trump has recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, has moved the embassy to Jerusalem, and has gotten us out of that treacherous Iran agreement, we have much to be thankful for.”
MK Amir Ohana (Likud), “This is one of the happiest moments. We have such a close relationship with the current administration, and finally after so many years, it is not only Israel that considers Jerusalem its capital city, but also the USA. Not only this, we also had the nuclear deal which we considered a disaster not only for the safety of Israel, but for the safety of the world. This administration shows a lot of courage, and it is standing alongside its allies. As Vice President Pence said, under Donald J. Trump, if the world knows nothing else, it will know this: America stands with Israel.”
MK Yuval Steinitz, Minister of Energy, “Israel has no greater friend than the US since 1948. The US has always been Israel's most supporter, strategic backer, and it's not just about Israel - the US is really the true and only leader of the free world. Therefore, we cherish the US, we share its values, and we are here to celebrate the fourth of July with the knowledge that a strong United States is the best guarantee for a stronger Israel, and a stronger free, democratic world for all human beings.”
Loading....
Since migrating from the cornfields of central Iowa to the mountains of Northern Nevada in August, Wells Fargo Nevada Northern Region Bank President Yanus Nelson has been wide-eyed — and not just at the striking scenery.
For Nelson, he's been equally amazed at the current and projected economic growth in the region, as well as the diverse business community. After all, in 2017 alone, 29 companies — from logistics to technology to manufacturing — moved into the area, bringing more than 3,000 jobs, according to the Economic Development Authority of Western Nevada.
"Being in a growth market is always a big plus," said Nelson, who has 25 years of financial services industry experience, the last 15 with Wells Fargo. "Being new to Northern Nevada, just hearing all the growth that's happened over the last seven years, and what they're projecting to continue to grow … obviously, in the banking industry, that's music to our ears."
Indeed, the continuous economic uptick, like the clacking of a roller coaster that only goes up, is a sound banker in Northern Nevada — and everywhere — like to hear.
"It's growing into a diverse economy," Nelson said. "It's not relying on only gaming. It's not heavily relying on the gaming/entertainment industry, which is very susceptible to quick changes in the economy.
"Now, the diversity of jobs here … Switch. Tesla. That brings a strong solid base and consistent base of employment, which is what you want. Obviously for banks, that's attractive. The credit quality is going to be higher when you don't have that risk of the economy going up and down."
Recommended Stories For You
Small business boost
What's more, lending opportunities for banks will continue to grow throughout Northern Nevada as businesses — especially small businesses — consistently drop anchor in the region.
Notably, there were 49 new companies that launched in Northern Nevada in 2017, according to EDAWN. Zooming out, since the recession there has been roughly 100,000 jobs created statewide by small businesses.
"Small businesses are critical to the growth of any economy," Nelson said. "So in Northern Nevada, that's good for all banks. We have money to lend, so that will help fund some growth."
While there has been an influx of small business owners seeking loans, not enough are taking advantage of the bank industry's assistance, Nelson said. Instead, many are leveraging their personal finances or their home equity line of credit in an effort to fund their business.
Truth is, many small business owners don't know about the opportunities that banks have to help them with financing, he added.
"I think part of it is educating the small businesses," Nelson said. "Whether it's the funding, processing payments, helping them with their cash flows … there are resources out there for them, but they don't know where to go."
Nelson said Wells Fargo, for example, could help clients connect with the University of Nevada, Reno's Small Business Development Center. The statewide business outreach program provides expertise and training in the starting, growth and development of a business.
"They can go down there and learn how to put together a business plan," Nelson said. "When clients come to us for lending, we're going to ask them for a business plan."
With that in mind, Nelson, who leads a team of more than 500 branch team members, said a top priority for Wells Fargo Nevada Northern in 2018 is helping its small business customers grow.
"That's going to be a big opportunity," he said. "Obviously, there's going to be new consumer clients coming in, as well. But, I see there's a great need in helping small business customers."
The computer maker Dell Technologies said on Friday that it was considering a public offering of its common stock or a combination with its publicly held subsidiary VMware, a maker of business software, as it seeks new avenues for growth.
Dell, the world's largest privately held technology company, is under pressure to increase profits after its debt-laden, $67 billion acquisition of the data-storage provider EMC Corporation in 2016.
Dell also faces increased competition in its core hardware businesses — personal computers, servers and storage equipment — from cloud-based services provided by Amazon, Microsoft and others.
“As part of our ongoing multiyear strategic planning, Dell Technologies is evaluating a number of potential business opportunities,” Michael Dell, the company's founder, said in a blog post.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Reuters reported on Thursday that Dell planned to consider a possible reverse merger with VMware among other options, including an initial public offering or sales of assets.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Dell, which is based in Round Rock, Tex., went private five years ago in a $24.9 billion deal with private equity firm Silver Lake Partners. The company said on Friday that nothing had been decided and that the company might end up continuing to operate under its current structure.
Shares in VMware, 82 percent of which is owned by Dell, were essentially flat in trading as of midday on Friday.
AP Photo/Jim Mone
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night. Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play. Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s. James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels. He said that as long as he's on the floor, the Cavs will always have a chance to win, and no one doubts him. He took his time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. He threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night. The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. He hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth. Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made his surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them his best punch. He entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, his highest scoring average against any team in the league. The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit his from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to hold off the Wolves. TIP-INS Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted him No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards. Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in his left knee. He is expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field. UP NEXT Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break. Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Comments
comments
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Why This Woman Didn't Say a Word After She Caught Her Husband "in the Act"
A failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland in 2001 may have doomed the leadership dreams of the half-brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, who was assassinated this week in an airport in Malaysia.
Banished from his dictator father's favor, the exiled Kim Jong Nam frequented casinos, five-star hotels and traveled around Asia, with little say in North Korean affairs. That ended Monday when he was killed in the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Officials in South Korea say they believe the attack was carried out by North Korean agents.
Despite multiple reported assassination attempts over the years, Kim Jong Nam was still a member of the most important family in North Korea, a direct blood descendent of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung.
Estranged for years from his relatives, the 45-year-old gambler and playboy played a key, if complicated role in the dynasty that has ruled for three generations since North Korea's foundation in 1948.
Here's a look:
——
PARENTS
Kim Jong Nam is the eldest son of Kim Jong Il, the second member of the Kim family to rule North Korea. Kim Jong Il had three known sons with two different women. Jong Nam was born from his father's unofficial relationship with North Korean actress Sung Hae Rim.
Kim Jong Il forced Sung to divorce her first husband and live with him, but Kim Il Sung — the first leader of North Korea and Kim Jong Il's father — never accepted Sung as his daughter-in-law. Kim Jong Il reportedly kept Kim Jong Nam's 1971 birth a secret from his father for several years. Sung was reportedly forced to leave North Korea and died in Moscow in 2002.
Despite his mother's exile, some foreign experts believed that Kim Jong Nam would end up inheriting power because of a traditional Korean value system that favors the eldest son as heir.
Unlike his mother, Kim Jong Nam eventually won the affection of his grandfather, who died in 1994, according to South Korean media reports.
——
BROTHERS AND SISTERS
Kim Jong Nam's two younger brothers share a mother: Kim Jong Il's Japan-born mistress, the dancer Ko Yong Hui.
Ko's links to Japan, which colonized the Korean Peninsula in the early part of the 20th century, led some to believe that Kim Jong Nam would outpace his siblings in the succession race. Ko immigrated to North Korea in the 1960s from Japan, where she had lived among the ethnic Korean minority. She died in Paris in 2004.
Kim Jong-un eventually won the succession race and became the North's supreme leader in late 2011 upon the death of his father. Believed to be in his early 30s, Kim Jong-un has carried out a series of high-profile executions and purges, and outside experts say few can now challenge his rule.
Kim Jong Nam's other half-brother, Kim Jong Chol, was once viewed by some outsiders as a potential candidate for leader. But a former sushi chef of Kim Jong Il said the late leader derided the middle son, known as a huge fan of rock guitarist Eric Clapton, as "girlish."
The brothers also had at least two known sisters. One is Kim Yo Jong, who shares a mother with Kim Jong-un and who is currently working as a top propaganda official.
Another sister, Kim Sol Song, was born from Kim Jong Il's relationship with another woman, Kim Yong Sok. There has been little information about Kim Sol Song, but unconfirmed rumors in the South say she is being detained.
——
AUNT AND UNCLE
Kim Jong Nam's aunt, Kim Kyong Hui, is Kim Jong Il's younger sister. She was reportedly behind the expulsion of Kim Jong Nam's mother to the then Soviet Union in the 1970s. Kim Kyong Hui and her husband Jang Song Thaek then acted as Kim Jong Nam's caretaker.
But Jong Nam gradually lost favor with his father. He reportedly spent too much money at a Pyongyang hotel and made wild shopping excursions to China. When he was detained in Tokyo for trying to enter the country with a fake Dominican passport, he sported a diamond-encrusted Rolex watch and carried wads of cash.
Kim Kyong Hui and Jang were believed to have played a major role in grooming Kim Jong-un as the next leader. After Kim Jong-un took power, the two initially enjoyed great power. Jang was seen as the country's No.2 until he was stripped of all posts and executed in a sudden purge for alleged treason in 2013. Kim Kyong Hui, who was reportedly seriously ill, disappeared from the public eye.
——
Follow Hyung-jin Kim on Twitter at twitter.com/hyungjin1972
Former NHL star Mike Comrie — once married to Hilary Duff — is under investigation by the LAPD for allegedly raping a woman at his L.A. home, but he claims it was consensual … TMZ has learned.
Related: Harrison Ford FAA Investigation Delayed By Heavy Traffic
Law enforcement sources tell us the woman claims she met up with Comrie at a bar Saturday night and went back to his West L.A. condo. She claims he raped her multiple times.
The woman says she almost immediately went to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center nearby, and a rape kit was administered.
Related: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: Valentine's Night Stampede in NYC
Sources connected with Comrie say he's known the woman for a long time and acknowledges he had sex with her, but insists she gave full consent. The sources also say the encounter was a 3-way and the other woman has not filed any complaint.
We're told so far Comrie has not spoken to cops.
One of the men was a seminarian at the time, and the others were young clergymen. He was said to have had an enduring relationship with one of them.
After initially denying their accounts, Cardinal O'Brien issued a statement that March acknowledging, “There have been times that my sexual conduct has fallen below the standards expected of me as a priest, archbishop and cardinal.”
He added, “To those I have offended, I apologize and ask forgiveness.”
An inquiry by the Vatican's top sex-abuse prosecutor revealed other complaints against him, as well as evidence that he had quashed a proposed investigation of child abuse by priests since the 1950s.
Photo
Pope Francis, Benedict's successor, ultimately permitted him to retain the title of cardinal but, in effect, stripped him of all privileges associated with that rank, including the right to vote in any Vatican conclave.
Other leading Catholic clerics around the world have resigned for turning a blind eye to sexual abuse; others were convicted of abuse themselves; and some vaguely sought absolution. But few approaching the stature of Cardinal O'Brien have publicly admitted sexual conduct that is frowned upon by the church and that contradicted their own preaching.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While he left Scotland in disgrace, originally living in northern England incognito, Cardinal O'Brien's legacy went well beyond the scandal. He had fiercely criticized the Act of Settlement, a 1701 British law preventing Catholics from ascending to the British throne; he said it encouraged sectarianism. He also favored Scottish independence.
Before his elevation, Cardinal O'Brien was considered a potential reformer and even a borderline liberal, but during the next decade he rarely veered from Vatican doctrine on such matters as prohibiting artificial contraception, barring women from the priesthood and declaring homosexual behavior immoral.
Cardinal O'Brien once described same-sex marriage as a “grotesque subversion of a universally accepted human right.”
In 2005, though, he said he had no objection to gay teachers in Catholic Schools. “I don't have a problem with the personal life of a person,” he added, “as long as they are not flaunting their sexuality.”
And the day before the Observer article was published in 2013, he said, without elaboration, “It is a free world and I realize that many priests have found it very difficult to cope with celibacy as they lived out their priesthood and felt the need of a companion, of a woman, to whom they could get married and raise a family of their own.”
Keith Michael Patrick O'Brien was born on March 17, 1938 — St. Patrick's Day — in Ballycastle, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
His mother was the former Alice Moriarity. His father, Mark, was a member of the Royal Navy in World War II and, after his discharge, moved the family to Scotland, having found it difficult to get a job in Northern Ireland after the war because of anti-Catholic bigotry there.
Keith O'Brien earned a bachelor of science degree in chemistry and mathematics from the University of Edinburgh in 1959 and a diploma in education in 1966. He was ordained a priest in 1965.
He was appointed archbishop after serving as spiritual director of St. Andrew's College in Drygrange and rector of St. Mary's College in Blairs. Both Catholic seminaries have since closed.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He is survived by his brother, Terry.
“In life, Cardinal O'Brien may have divided opinion,” his successor, Archbishop Leo Cushley, said in a statement. “In death, however, I think all can be united in praying for the repose of his soul, for comfort for his grieving family, and that support and solace be given to those whom he hurt and let down.”
Photo
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, who is accused of killing 17 people last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., was arrested on a trespassing charge at the school on Monday afternoon, the authorities said.
Deputies with the Broward County Sheriff's Office stopped the brother, Zachary Cruz, at about 4:30 p.m. after he rode a skateboard onto school property. Mr. Cruz, 18, told the deputies that he decided to visit the school to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” according to the sheriff's office.
Mr. Cruz was arrested on one count of trespassing on the grounds or facility of a school, a misdemeanor. The sheriff's office said that school officials had ordered Mr. Cruz to stay away from Stoneman Douglas High. It was not immediately clear when Mr. Cruz had received those warnings.
On Monday night, Mr. Cruz was being held with bail set at $25 in the same Broward County jail where his brother, who faces 17 counts of premeditated murder, is being held without bond.
Photo
Broward County Public Schools did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Monday night. It was not clear whether Mr. Cruz had a lawyer yet.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Zachary Cruz, who, like his brother, was adopted, had a strained relationship with him. Mr. Cruz has lived with a guardian since his mother's death in November 2017. Two days after the school shooting, he told deputies from the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office that he regretted that he and his friends had bullied his older brother.
The Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo was suspended for five matches on Monday by the Spanish soccer federation for shoving a referee who ejected him from a Spanish Super Cup match against Barcelona on Sunday.
The ban means Ronaldo will miss a second match against Barcelona on Wednesday, as well as the first four games of the Spanish league season that opens this weekend, unless it is overturned or reduced on appeal.
The incident that led to Monday's punishment occurred in the 82nd minute of Sunday first-leg Super Cup match at Barcelona's Camp Nou stadium. Ronaldo, running alongside Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti at the edge of the penalty area, fell into the box after the players collided and appealed to the referee, Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea, for a penalty.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But De Burgos Bengoetxea deemed the tumble a dive, and awarded Ronaldo a yellow card for simulation. Since it was Ronaldo's second yellow of the match, De Burgos Bengoetxea then pulled a red card from his pocket and sent off the forward.
LEXINGTON, Kentucky (AP) — Malik Monk had 20 points and a career-high eight rebounds, Derek Willis had 16 points and No. 13 Kentucky made 10 of its 11 3-point attempts in the first half to roll past Tennessee 83-58 on Tuesday night.
Seeking to stay atop the Southeastern Conference, the Wildcats avenged last month's 82-80 road loss to the Volunteers with their best performance in a while. Long-range shooting provided the biggest lift as Kentucky (21-5, 11-2) made 11 3s, its first double-digit effort from behind the arc in a month, as Monk and Willis each made four in the first half.
The Wildcats held Tennessee (14-12, 6-7) to 35 percent shooting and led by as many as 28 points in handing the Volunteers their third loss in four games.
De'Aaron Fox had 13 points and six assists and Bam Adebayo grabbed 12 rebounds in Kentucky's third straight win.
Admiral Schofield had 17 points and Jordan Bone added 15 for Tennessee.
___
No. 15 FLORIDA 114, AUBURN 95
AUBURN, Alabama (AP) — Canyon Barry scored a season-high 30 points for Florida.
The Gators (21-5, 11-2 Southeastern Conference) blew past their previous scoring high of 106 points en route to a seventh straight win. They dominated after going into halftime locked in a 50-50 tie, coming out of the locker room on a 13-3 run and never looking back.
Florida shot 56 percent from the field and made 11 of 19 3-point attempts and 37 of 42 free throws.
Anfernee McLemore led Auburn (16-10, 5-8) with 19 points, T.J. Dunans had 13 and Ronnie Johnson 12.
___
No. 16 PURDUE 74, RUTGERS 55
WEST LAFAYETTE, Indiana (AP) — Center Isaac Haas had 24 points and 11 rebounds, and power forward Caleb Swanigan added 12 points and 17 rebounds for Purdue.
Purdue (21-5, 10-3 Big Ten) led only 45-39 with just over 12:30 remaining, but from the 11:15 mark until he left the game with 2:20 to play, Haas scored 16 points, and the Boilermakers pulled away for their fourth consecutive victory.
Nigel Johnson scored 23 points to lead Rutgers (13-14, 2-12), which had no answer for Purdue's big men.
___
No. 25 NOTRE DAME 84, BOSTON COLLEGE 76
BOSTON (AP) — Bonzie Colson scored 20 points and Matt Farrell had 19 as Notre Dame overcame a 13-point first-half deficit to send Boston College to its 10th straight loss.
V.J. Beachem had 16 points and Steve Vasturia added 15 for the Fighting Irish (20-7, 9-5 Atlantic Coast Conference). It is coach Mike Brey's 13th time winning at least 20 games with Notre Dame.
Ky Bowman led Boston College (9-18, 2-12) with 29 points and Mo Jeffers had 12.
BC had sliced it to 78-76 on Bowman's two free throws with just under a minute to play, but Beachem grabbed an offensive rebound and was fouled on the ensuing possession. He hit both free throws with 24.1 seconds to play.
FILE PHOTO: Former U.S. Army sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins, who deserted to North Korea decades ago, faces reporters at a town hall of his Japanese wife Hitomi Soga's hometown Sado on the Japan Sea coast December 7, 2004. REUTERS/Eriko Sugita/File photo
By Elaine Lies
TOKYO (Reuters) - A U.S. soldier who deserted to North Korea more than half a century ago, but who was eventually allowed to leave the secretive state, has died in Japan aged 77.
One of the Cold War's strangest dramas began in 1965 when Charles Robert Jenkins, then a 24-year-old army sergeant nicknamed "Scooter" from tiny Rich Square in North Carolina, disappeared one January night while on patrol near the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
At an emotional court martial in Japan in 2004, Jenkins - who had never gone to high school - said he deserted to avoid hazardous duty in South Korea and escape combat in Vietnam.
"It was Christmas time, it was also cold and dark. I started to drink alcohol. I never had drunk so much alcohol," he said in a thick Southern accent, choking back sobs.
He drank 10 beers, took his men on patrol and told them to wait while he checked the road below. He then walked towards North Korea, holding a rifle with a white t-shirt tied around it. He said he had planned to go to Russia and turn himself in, and had not expected North Korea to keep him.
While in North Korea, where he taught English to soldiers and portrayed an evil U.S. spy in a propaganda film, Jenkins met and married Hitomi Soga, a Japanese woman 20 years his junior who had been kidnapped by North Korea to help train spies.
Fear for his safety and the family he built with Soga made it impossible to refuse any demands made on him, Jenkins said.
"You don't say no to North Korea. You say one thing bad about Kim Il-sung and then you dig your own hole, because you're gone," Jenkins told his court martial, referring to the founder of the secretive state.
Soga was allowed to return to Japan in 2002 and Jenkins followed with their two North Korean-born daughters in 2004.
After serving a token 30-day sentence for desertion, Jenkins moved with his family to Sado, Soga's rural hometown, late in 2004. He subsequently worked in a gift shop and wrote a book about his experiences in North Korea.
A Sado town official confirmed his death, but could give no further details.
(This version of the story fixes typo in first paragraph)
(Reporting by Elaine Lies; Editing by Michael Perry)
Video captured the moment gunfire rang out at an Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field this morning, injuring Rep. Steve Scalise, R-Louisiana, the House majority whip, and four others.
Over dozens of gunshots can be heard in the video, as well as people yelling.
The gunfire at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park broke out around 7 a.m. this morning when the suspect, identified by police as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire as lawmakers were practicing for the annual charity congressional baseball game set for Thursday. Only Republicans were at this practice; Democrats practiced earlier in the morning.
Scalise, a lobbyist, a congressional staffer and two Capitol Police officers were injured.
Officers returned fire at Hodgkinson and the suspect died from his injuries.
Hospital officials said this afternoon that Scalise was in critical condition. Scalise's office said he was shot in the hip and underwent surgery.
"Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," his office said in a statement. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues. We ask that you keep the Whip and others harmed in this incident in your thoughts and prayers."
Matt Mika, who works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, was also injured and is in critical condition and was undergoing surgery, his family said in a statement.
Zachary Barth, a legislative correspondent working for Texas Rep. Roger Williams, was among those shot as well, according to a statement from Williams. Barth has since been released from the hospital, the family spokesperson said. He is expected to make a full recovery, Williams said.
The two injured Capitol Police officers are David Bailey and Crystal Griner, according to House Speaker Paul Ryan. U.S. Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa said Griner was shot in the ankle and is in good condition, while Bailey was treated for a minor injury and released.
Loral Langemeier, one of today's pioneering money experts and founder of international coaching company, Live Out Loud, Inc., has opened Your Nevada Workspace, a new co-shared workspace offering full-service amenities alongside educational and networking opportunities to help businesses accelerate growth.
"Having cross-border options is the ultimate luxury," said Weldon Wulstein, CPA, owner and president of Weldon Financial Services. "As a CPA, I realized the tax benefits, and they're unbelievable."
Located near South Lake Tahoe, Calif., Your Nevada Workspace enables businesses from any location to legally obtain a residency address in the tax-friendly state of Nevada. Businesses gain the benefits of a Nevada presence along with management and consulting services designed to quicken the journey to profitability.
"We created this facility to address an unmet need for the ultimate coworking space," said Loral Langemeier, founder of Your Nevada Workspace. "In addition to full-service amenities such as video, photography, conference rooms, and furnished private office space, we offer better education and business consulting through scheduled workshops with our millionaire team. You're not just coming to work here, you're going to make money here."
Your Nevada Workspace offers:
A Nevada address and rental lease
Private offices and common areas
High-speed wireless internet
Phone service
Mail and package handling
Video and photography services
On-site security
Educational workshops
Networking and marketplace events
Personalized coaching and business consulting services
Pricing starts from $50 per month to plans offering private company offices. Your Nevada Workspace will host a grand opening on Tuesday, April 25 from 5 to 7 p.m. at 195 Hwy 50, Zephyr Cove where Loral Langemeier will present on the benefits of doing business in Nevada and strategies to accelerate your business. Attendees will have an opportunity to tour the workspace and learn more about services and amenities offered. To learn more about Your Nevada Workspace or RSVP to this event, contact Marketing Manager Stephanie Hylton at Stephanie.Hylton@liveoutloud.com or call 775-461-1377
The Met Office has issued a warning of snow and ice covering the entire North East coast today and overnight.
The yellow warning covers the period from 3pm today until 11am tomorrow.
It says: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from mid-afternoon Monday, and overnight into Tuesday morning.
"Wintry showers may also bring some fresh snowfalls, mostly to higher ground.
"Accumulations of 2-5 cm area possible, again mostly above 100-150 m in places in eastern Scotland and eastern England. Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with some journey times taking longer.
"There will probably be icy stretches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries from slips trips and falls."
Motorists nationwide are being warned of havoc on the roads today as snow turns into ice following a weekend wintry blast.
Hundreds of schools are due to be closed at the start of the working week following a cold night which saw temperatures drop as low as -11.6C (11F) in Chillingham Barns, Northumberland.
A chilly day is forecast - and yellow warning for ice is in place for most of Wales and central parts of England - while on Monday night temperatures could drop as low as -15C (5F).
Met Office meteorologist Alex Burkill told the Press Association: "It was chilly in Chillingham Barnes, but it wasn't the coldest night of 2017 - that was Saturday night when temperatures went down to -12.4C.
"We could well beat that tonight and could go as low as -12C and even -15C."
The cold weather has brought disruption to flights, with dozens cancelled at Heathrow, and train services are also likely to be impacted into Monday.
Western Power Distribution said engineers worked through the night as they aimed to restore power to 10,000 home in the Midlands, South Wales and South West.
SSE said they restored power to 48,000 customers on Sunday and that 2,900 remained without power as of 11pm last night.
As a result of the snow and freezing conditions, Birmingham City Council has been forced to cancel all council-run school and related transport services on Monday, the authority said.
More than 200 schools will be closed in Gloucestershire, and more than 100 in Shropshire.
In Wales, 71 schools are closed in Flintshire, 11 in Wrexham and 49 in Denbighshire.
Pete Williams, the RAC's road safety spokesman, said they were expecting 11,000 breakdowns today , 20% above the seasonal norm.
"I think the big thing is people are not going to leave enough time," he said.
"Journeys will take two to three times longer.
"It's going to be treacherous driving conditions."
He said low overnight temperatures could cause black ice and urged people to drive slowly, leaving plenty of space between them and the car in front.
More than a foot of snow fell in Sennybridge in Wales which saw 32cm (12.5 inches) on Sunday.
By Steve Holland and Richard Cowan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump knew for weeks that national security adviser Michael Flynn had misled the White House about his contacts with Russia but did not immediately force him out, an administration spokesman said on Tuesday.
Trump was informed in late January that Flynn had not told Vice President Mike Pence the whole truth about conversations he had before Trump took office with Russia's ambassador to the United States, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said.
Pence learned of the "incomplete information" that he received from Flynn when news reports surfaced late last week, spokesman Mark Lotter said on Tuesday.
Flynn quit on Monday after Trump asked for his resignation, and the president hopes to pick a new national security adviser by the end of the week, Spicer said.
The departure was another disruption for an administration already repeatedly distracted by miscues and internal dramas since the Republican businessman assumed the presidency on Jan. 20.
U.S. lawmakers, including some leading Republicans, called for a deeper inquiry into not just Flynn's actions but broader White House ties to Russia. Trump has long said that he would like improved relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said Trump only moved against Flynn because of news media attention, not concern about any wrongdoing.
"The reason they lost faith or trust in General Flynn only last night when they knew for weeks that he had been lying was that it became public," Schiff told MSNBC.
A timeline of events outlined by Spicer and a U.S. official showed that Trump had known for weeks about Flynn misleading the vice president.
Trump, a former reality TV star whose catchphrase was "You're fired!" has often boasted of his eagerness to get rid of subordinates. He was not quick to fire Flynn, a strong advocate of a better relation with Russia and a hard line against Islamist militants.
The Justice Department warned the White House in late January that Flynn had misled Pence by denying to him that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, a potentially illegal act, a U.S. official said.
Flynn did talk about sanctions with the diplomat, whose calls were recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, the official said. But Pence went on television in mid-January and denied that Flynn had discussed sanctions.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation interviewed Flynn in his early days as Trump's national security adviser regarding his conversations with the Russian ambassador, a White House official confirmed.
Spicer stressed that the administration believed there was no legal problem with Flynn's conversations with Kislyak, but rather an issue over the president's trust in his adviser.
The turning point, Spicer said, was a Washington Post story published on Thursday in which Flynn, through a spokesman, said for the first time he could not say with 100 percent certainty that he had not discussed sanctions with Kislyak.
Spicer said the Justice Department sought to notify the White House counsel on Jan. 26 about the discrepancies in Flynn's accounts.
"The White House counsel informed the president immediately. The president asked them to commit a review of whether there was a legal situation there," Spicer told reporters, saying it was a "trust issue."
Flynn's conversations with the ambassador took place around the time that then-President Barack Obama imposed sanctions on Russia, charging that Moscow had used cyberattacks to try to influence the 2016 presidential election in Trump's favor.
A U.S. official familiar with the transcripts of the calls with the ambassador said Flynn indicated that if Russia did not retaliate in kind for Obama's Dec. 29 order expelling 35 Russian suspected spies and sanctioning Russian spy agencies, that could smooth the way toward a broader discussion of improving U.S.-Russian relations once Trump took power.
LEGAL FALLOUT?
Flynn's discussions with the Russian diplomat could potentially have been in violation of a law known as the Logan Act, which bans private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments about disputes or controversies with the United States. There have been no modern prosecutions using the 1799 law.
A Preston mum admits she is still learning about her son's rare condition, which affects one in 5,000 children.
Three-year-old Noah Walton, of Broughton, showed no signs of being ill when he was a baby, but when he was losing weight, his parents, Janet Kidd and Alan Walton, took him to Royal Preston Hospital.
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at 12 days old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital
After the third visit the three-month-old began vomiting green bile and was transferred to Alder Hey Children's Hospital, where he was diagnosed with Hirschsprung's disease, a condition that affects the large intestine (colon) and causes problems with passing stool.
Janet, 43, says: “Noah showed no signs of being ill and was happy feeding. But there was something grumbling away as he was losing weight.
“We went to Royal Preston Hospital twice for him to be checked over and everything seemed to be okay until the third time as it was obvious something was not right.
“He was vomiting green bile after a few hours and we were rushed in an ambulance to Alder Hey.
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at 12 days old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital
“He had a barium x-ray, where he had dyed going through a tube through his nose to his intestines to see where the blockage was.
“Doctors couldn't find anything, so they had to check the other end and that was when they found a blockage in his large intestine and bowel.
“Noah then had to have a bowel wash out using syringe tubes and saline solution until he became better and had put on weight, ready for surgery.
“It was a very upsetting time when he was in neonatal with tubes everywhere.”
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at three months old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital after his surgery. Pictures with his dad Alan Walton
Noah was in Alder Hey for three months until he was deemed fit for surgery and he had 10cm of his bowel removed via the ‘pull through' method.
Janet adds: “After that, Noah was able to poo normally, however he does face periods of incontinence, especially when he gets a cold, an ear infection, sickness or diarrhoea.
“These bugs affect Noah in a big way and it can take two weeks to a month to get over. He can go through bouts of having a runny nose, having a high temperature, vomiting and diarrhoea.
“He takes medication so his stool is soft and he can pass it normally. He is always thirsty as he had the part of his bowel removed which absorbs water.
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at three months old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital after his surgery
“A bad day can be when we have to change Noah 16 times and put him in a pull up nappy.
“I am still learning about it all myself. This condition affects one in 5,000 children and I don't know anyone else in the area. I have come across one or two in other areas.
“If anyone else is out there, I would be happy to speak to them.
“I went to a group arranged through Alder Hey and met a few affected children. It was then I realised how lucky Noah was as some children have had larger segments of their bowel removed and they need stoma bags. It was a real eye opener.”
Janet is now fund-raising for Alder Hey Children's Hospital as a thank you for the support and treatment Noah received.
She adds: “We spent a lot of time there. We go every three months and he will continue under their care until he is 18. It is so important for us and Noah to say thank you.”
•Hirschsprung's disease is a rare condition that causes poo to become stuck in the bowels. It mainly affects babies and young children.
It can cause severe constipation, and occasionally lead to a serious bowel infection called enterocolitis if it's not identified and treated early on.
Symptoms of Hirschsprung's disease in a baby include failing to pass meconium (dark, tar-like poo that healthy babies pass soon after being born) within 48 hours; a swollen belly and vomiting green fluid.
Signs in older infants and children include a swollen belly and a tummy ache; persistent constipation; not feeding well or not gaining much weight.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 29 11 11 7 29 80 91 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Winnipeg 31 18 8 5 41 107 87 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Anaheim 31 13 11 7 33 83 91 Vancouver 31 14 13 4 32 82 90 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Winnipeg 5, Vancouver 1
Anaheim 3, Carolina 2
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Hours after Roseanne Barr told her 784,000 Twitter followers that President Obama's former adviser, Valerie Jarrett, looked like the by-product of the “Muslim brotherhood and planet of the apes” yesterday (May 29), ABC cancelled its newly rebooted series. Hours after that, Jarrett appeared on MSNBC's “Everyday Racism in America” town hall — something that had already been coincidentally scheduled to take place.
During the the town hall, which was hosted by Joy Reid and Chris Hayes, Jarrett was asked about the TV star's social commentary about her.
Unfazed by Roseanne's tweet, the former White House adviser said, “First of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment. I'm fine. I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends or followers to come right to their defense.”
﻿﻿
While Jarrett's response recognizes this moment as a “teaching lesson” and highlights basic racism exhibited on a daily basis, ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey, who is the company's first Black president, said enough is enough. Disney CEO Bob Iger posted a message from her on Twitter. He also made sure to add a comment of his own.
From Channing Dungey, President of ABC Entertainment: "Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show."
There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) May 29, 2018
Roseanne has since issued an apology to “her cast members and to African Americans,” but followed her redress by saying she was just “Ambien tweeting.” Her post about the powers of the famed sleeping pill has since been deleted, but Sanofi, the maker of the drug, was not receptive to her “excuse.” And for the first time in a long time — if ever — a pharmaceutical company responded to a social, racial and political issue by saying, “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Photo
HONG KONG — The police in Hong Kong said on Tuesday that a pro-democracy activist falsified his account last week of being abducted by men he said were mainland Chinese security officers who put staples in his legs.
The bizarre tale heightened concerns about the deterioration of the rule of law as mainland China's authoritarian government tries to exert greater influence over the semiautonomous Chinese city of Hong Kong.
The activist, Howard Lam, a member of Hong Kong's Democratic Party, gave his account to reporters last week and showed rows of staples in his upper thighs that his supporters said were meant as a warning to people who might cross the mainland authorities.
But serious doubts have since been raised about the case. On Tuesday morning, the police arrested Mr. Lam, 42, on suspicion of providing false evidence and misleading investigators.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The police gave no indication of what they believed Mr. Lam's motivation was.
Mr. Lam said that in early July, he wrote to F.C. Barcelona, the Spanish soccer club, to ask for a signed photograph of the Argentine star Lionel Messi to give to Liu Xiaobo, the imprisoned Chinese Nobel laureate.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Liu, who had late-stage liver cancer, died before Mr. Lam could give him the photo. He said that he received a call last week from a man speaking Mandarin, a language not much used among Hong Kong's Cantonese speakers. The man warned him against giving the photo to Liu Xia, Mr. Liu's widow, who remains under house arrest since her husband's death.
Photo
Diamonds, at least in the New York courts, aren't forever. Diamonds aren't even dreamy. Diamonds, given after a “will you marry me?” with a “yes” to follow, are a contract. This is why so many of them end up in court.
The New York legal system deems, in essence, that a broken engagement is no one's fault, and the ring should be given back to the giver, with few exceptions. Most states have adopted that approach.
But Montana hasn't: It classifies the ring as an unconditional gift. The recipient keeps it.
California and Texas take a middle-of-the road approach: the recipient of the ring is expected to return it, unless the giver called off the engagement.
When will New York courts reconsider?
1. When one half of the couple is already married to someone else.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
2. When a ring is clearly given as a Christmas gift, Valentine's Day gift, or birthday gift or such without the proposal accompanying. But once a marriage proposal is extended and accepted — once the promise is made — no matter what day of the year, that ring is no longer considered a gift. It's a contract to enter into marriage.
Photo
3. The ring was considered payment for financial agreements between the couple. That could include a down payment on a house, a loan, or living expenses.
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Check out our daily cartoon gallery featuring some of the best cartoonists from around the world, and across the political spectrum, covering current issues and figures.
In an attempt to ban hookah bars in the state, Punjab government on Monday decided to impose a ban on tobacco products in the region. Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh and his ministers took a strong step to stop the use of tobacco and tobacco products.
Punjab government has decided to impose a permanent ban on Hookah bars in the state instead of issuing temporary orders against them every two months | Image for pictorial representation
In an attempt to ban hookah bars in the state, Punjab government on Monday decided to impose a ban on tobacco products in the region. Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh and his ministers took a strong step to stop the use of tobacco and tobacco products. Keeping health of citizens as a priority, the Punjab government has decided to take this move. Punjab government made an amendment to the cigarette and other tobacco products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, supply, and distribution) Act (COTPA), 2003 for the control of diseases caused by Tobacco Products.
The government took the step to stop the use of tobacco in various forms among youngsters of Punjab. Punjab government has decided to impose a permanent ban on Hookah bars in the state instead of issuing temporary orders against them every two months. Punjab government's move to impose a permanent ban on hookah bars, hookah is a way forward to check the use of tobacco in various forms amongst youth. According to an official, the amendment brought by the Punjab government would result in the permanent banning of the hookah bars in the state.
Punjab cabinet approved an amendment to the Cigarette & Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, 2003, for prevention & control of diseases caused by the use of tobacco products. — ANI (@ANI) March 19, 2018
Also Read: K Chandrashekhar Rao meets Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata, discuss ‘federal front' for 2019
Following the amendment, it will now be placed in the state assembly on Tuesday as the assembly will commence its budget session. Once passed by the assembly, it will be sent to President's assent. Currently, Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code is promulgated against hookah bars in the states for two months, with an extension required at the end of the period.
Also Read: Kejriwal apology: After Bikram Majithia, Delhi CM now apologises to Nitin Gadkari, Kapil Sibal
Also Read: Karnataka govt gives nod to recommend Lingayat community as separate religion
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — With "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" set to open this weekend, Disney and Pixar's "Coco" topped the quiet box office charts for the third time in a row.
The animated flick earned $18.5 million this weekend, and the only new wide release, "Just Getting Started" starring Morgan Freeman, opened in 10th place with a lackluster $3.2 million.
Holdovers mostly populated the top five, with "Justice League" in second place with $9.7 million, "Wonder" in third with $8.4 million, and "Thor: Ragnarok" in fifth place with $6.3 million. No. 4 was "The Disaster Artist," which performed well in its expansion to 840 theaters, bringing in just under $6.4 million.
The top 20 movies at U.S. and Canadian theaters Friday through Sunday, followed by distribution studio, gross, number of theater locations, average receipts per location, total gross and number of weeks in release, as compiled Monday by comScore:
1. "Coco," Disney, $18,452,315, 3,748 locations, $4,923 average, $135,658,005, 3 weeks.
2. "Justice League," Warner Bros., $9,664,297, 3,508 locations, $2,755 average, $212,129,668, 4 weeks.
3. "Wonder," Lionsgate, $8,447,762, 3,519 locations, $2,401 average, $100,300,868, 4 weeks.
4. "The Disaster Artist," A24, $6,366,243, 840 locations, $7,579 average, $7,963,017, 2 weeks.
5. "Thor: Ragnarok," Disney, $6,271,374, 3,047 locations, $2,058 average, $301,136,438, 6 weeks.
6. "Daddy's Home 2," Paramount, $5,919,337, 3,263 locations, $1,814 average, $91,078,796, 5 weeks.
7. "Murder On The Orient Express," 20th Century Fox, $5,162,331, 3,089 locations, $1,671 average, $92,769,846, 5 weeks.
8. "The Star," Sony, $3,707,087, 2,976 locations, $1,246 average, $32,311,133, 4 weeks.
9. "Lady Bird," A24, $3,451,822, 1,557 locations, $2,217 average, $22,235,491, 6 weeks.
10. "Just Getting Started," Broad Green Pictures, $3,201,459, 2,161 locations, $1,481 average, $3,201,459, 1 week.
11. "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri," Fox Searchlight, $2,862,109, 1,620 locations, $1,767 average, $18,312,393, 5 Weeks.
12. "A Bad Moms Christmas," STX Entertainment, $2,581,446, 2,124 locations, $1,215 average, $68,702,052, 6 weeks.
13. "The Shape Of Water," Fox Searchlight, $1,141,546, 41 locations, $27,843 average, $1,372,554, 2 weeks.
14. "Roman J. Israel, Esq.," Sony, $871,624, 1,453 locations, $600 average, $11,209,149, 4 weeks.
15. "Darkest Hour," Focus Features, $741,417, 53 locations, $13,989 average, $1,196,325, 3 weeks.
16. "The Man Who Invented Christmas," Bleecker Street, $715,800, 720 locations, $994 average, $4,346,405, 3 weeks.
17. "Call Me By Your Name," Sony Pictures Classics, $285,850, 9 locations, $31,761 average, $1,367,155, 3 weeks.
18. "Blade Runner 2049," Warner Bros., $264,527, 388 locations, $682 average, $91,252,390, 10 weeks.
19. "I, Tonya," Neon Rated, $264,155, 4 locations, $66,039 average, $264,155, 1 week.
20. "The Mountain Between Us," 20th Century Fox, $244,829, 535 locations, $458 average, $30,191,120, 10 weeks.
___
Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by 21st Century Fox; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.
A man was robbed of a significant amount of surveying instruments in Leighton Buzzard on Friday (December 8).
At around 2.45pm the man was working in Grovebury Road when he was approached by two men in a silver vehicle. One man pushed the victim to the ground before the second man loaded the equipment into the back of the car and made off towards the bypass.
The offenders were described as white, of average build and in their 30s. One is thought to have been around 6 feet tall and the other around 5'8”.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Bedfordshire Police on 101 quoting crime reference JD/53473/2017. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) -- Jeremiah Jefferson hit five 3-pointers and scored 17 and Chace Franklin sank a 3 with 16 seconds remaining to send Jackson State to a 60-57 victory over Alcorn State on Saturday.
Jackson State (10-13, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic Conference) trailed 57-51 with 3:17 left in the game, but Jefferson, Maurice Rivers and Franklin nailed 3-pointers on three straight trips down the floor to pull out the victory and snap a three-game skid. Rivers scored 12.
A.J. Mosby topped the Braves (7-16, 3-7) with 17 points and nine rebounds, while Devon Brewer scored 12. Alcorn State shot just 41 percent from the floor, 28 percent (5 of 18) from beyond the arc, made 10 of 16 at the free-throw line and finished with just six assists. The Braves came in averaging a conference-best 7.8 treys per contest.
Jefferson had four of his 3-pointers in the first half to guide the Tigers to a 31-25 halftime lead. Mosby had back-to-back layups to give Alcorn State a 48-47 lead with seven minutes left, and Reed Yalen's bucket stretched its advantage to 57-51 before the Tigers unleashed their game-ending 3-point barrage.
FRONT PAGE
Because of an editing error, an article on Wednesday about political instability in Italy and its impact on the European Union misstated the year that Britain voted to leave the European Union. The vote took place in 2016, not last year.
•
Because of an editing error, an article on Wednesday about ABC's cancellation of its sitcom “Roseanne” misstated which networks were pitching advertisers their fall lineups in the hope of attracting up to $9 billion in advertising commitments. It was all broadcast networks, not just ABC.
NATIONAL
An article on Wednesday about a rally held by President Trump in Nashville gave an incorrect estimate of the audience size at the event. While no exact figure is available, the fire marshal's office estimated that approximately 5,500 people attended the rally, not about 1,000 people.
SPORTS
An article on Wednesday about the Yankees' win over the Astros on Tuesday misstated the span of games in which Brett Gardner had hit three home runs. He hit three in four games, not three in three games.
Los Angeles Lakers' Brook Lopez, left, goes to the basket against Indiana Pacers' Myles Turner during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers' Julius Randle shoots over Indiana Pacers' Thaddeus Young during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers' Lonzo Ball, right, is defended by Indiana Pacers' Darren Collison during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers' Isaiah Thomas (3) is fouled by Indiana Pacers' Cory Joseph as he goes up to shoot during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers' Julius Randle, right, is defended by Indiana Pacers' Myles Turner during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Indiana Pacers' Victor Oladipo goes to the basket against Los Angeles Lakers' Ivica Zubac during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers' Julius Randle, left, has his shot blocked by Indiana Pacers' Thaddeus Young during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Indiana Pacers' Myles Turner dunks against Los Angeles Lakers' Julius Randle during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 110-100. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers head coach Luke Walton, left, talks with Julius Randle during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Indiana Pacers, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
The Lakers' Isaiah Thomas has the basketball stripped away by the Pacers' Al Jefferson during the first half of Monday's game in Indianapolis. The Lakers' backcourt struggled in a 110-100 loss. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
INDIANAPOLIS — The Lakers left L.A. hoping to recapture some of the mojo that made them one of the league's hottest teams coming out of the All-Star break.
Instead, they fell short once again, losing their third straight game, 110-100 to the Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.
Kyle Kuzma scored a game-high 27 points, but after the Lakers built a 12-point lead in the first quarter, the Pacers steadily rallied. The Lakers trailed by just two at halftime, but allowed 35 points in the third quarter, when they committed several of their 13 turnovers, and fell behind 92-80 entering the final period.
Myler Turner led the Pacers with 21 points, while All-Star guard Victor Oladipo added 20 points and three steals.
The Lakers (31-39) won eight out of 10 games following the All-Star break, but have now lost three in a row to the Golden State Warriors, Miami Heat and Pacers. Their four-game trip continues in New Orleans, Memphis and Detroit.
Related Articles January victory over Pacers was rock bottom for Lakers and their free-throw woes
Lakers coach Luke Walton calls Pacers NBA's ‘surprise team' despite ‘lopsided trade' Julius Randle added 21 points and nine rebounds for the Lakers, while Brook Lopez scored 23 points with eight boards.
The backcourt, however, struggled. Lonzo Ball did not play in the Lakers' win over Indiana on Jan. 19, and on Monday finished with four points, eight assists, two rebounds and four turnovers. He shot just 1 for 4 from the field, with all of his attempts coming from beyond the arc.
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope finished with 12 points but shot just 3 for 10 from the field.
More to come on this story.
North Korea isn't backing down after President Donald Trump said Kim Jong-un's country “gotta behave” during the White House Egg Roll Monday. Ambassador Kim In Ryong confirmed nuclear war was a real threat for the United States during a press conference, according to tweetd from CBS News reported Pamela Falk, who covered the presser.
“The DPRK is ready to react to any war desired by the US,” In Ryong reportedly said. “North Korea will hold the U.S. accountable.”
READ: Is War With North Korea Imminent? Pence Calls Missile Test 'Provocation'
He added, according to Falk's tweets, “[The] U.S. is disturbing global peace, stability and insisting on Gangster-like logic” and “Nuclear war make break out at any moment on Korean Peninsula.”
#NorthKorean ambassador to the UN Kim In Ryong says “The DPRK is ready to react to any war desired by the US,” at live presser via @RT_com pic.twitter.com/nRwXdl3ZPp — Jihye Lee 이지혜 (@TheJihyeLee) April 17, 2017
In Ryong echoed comments made by North Korea's vice foreign minister Friday after he said they were prepared to go to war with the U.S. “We will go to war — if they choose,” Vice Minister Han Song Ryol told the Associated Press. “If the U.S. comes with reckless military maneuvers, then we will confront it with the [North Korea's] preemptive strike.”
Han slammed Trump for his “aggressive” tweets that were “making trouble,” adding: “We've got a powerful nuclear deterrent already in our hands, and we certainly will not keep our arms crossed in the face of a US preemptive strike.”
When North Korea held a missile test from its Sinpo submarine base Sunday, Vice President Mike Pence said it was a “provocation,” even though the experiment failed. “This morning's provocation from the North is just the latest reminder of the risks each one of you face each and every day in the defense of the freedom of the people of South Korea and the defense of America in this part of the world,” Pence said.
NOW: Amb Kim In Ryong: North Korea will take the toughest counter actions; "We will hold the US accountable" ~ @realDonaldTrump "GottaBehave" pic.twitter.com/xuyDbUm2at — Pamela Falk (@PamelaFalk) April 17, 2017
The DPRK has been conducting missile launches since 1984, though they've mostly been unsuccessful. The first was under the command of Kim Il Sung's rule. It wasn't until 2005 when they announced they had nuclear weapons. Ten years later, Kim Jong-un said in December North Korea was “ready to detonate” a hydrogen bomb.
North Korea Kim Jong-un More
Photo: Getty Images
Follow me on Twitter @mariamzzarella
Related Articles
There were reasons for joy and sadness in Atlanta on Sunday night. With the Hawks trailing the Spurs by three in the waning moments, Tim Hardaway drained a game-tying 3-pointer to send the game to overtime. The crowd went crazy. Fans rejoiced. It was an early-season moment to savor for the middling Hawks.
Then, tragedy struck, as cameras captured a small boy freaking out after a poisonous spider landed on his arm.
The boy, who is the son of Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer, clearly tries to wipe the spider away, but it's too late. The spider has already inflicted the boy with a dangerous bite and no one is paying attention because of the Hardaway shot. The pain is searing through the boy's arm, but no one can hear him scream because of the timing of shot and raucous nature of the crowd.
Not only has he invented a new celebration that's sweeping the nation faster than the dab ever did, he now also might be able to shoot webs from his hands. It's odd the announcers don't mention it or offer any update on the health of the boy after the game.
The Hawks won in overtime, 114-112.
(SportsCenter on Vine)
There is a well-worn path to the Major League Baseball draft in the Valaika family.
Nick, the youngest of four brothers, didn't exactly take the conventional route, but landed in the same place.
UCLA's redshirt sophomore shortstop was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 24th round Wednesday afternoon, one of four Bruins selected on the third and final day of the draft.
Three more members of UCLA's 2017 recruiting class were selected Wednesday — outfielder Garrett Mitchell in the 14th round, pitcher Sam Glick in the 39th and pitcher Chase Farrell in the 40th and final round.
Valaika was the only UCLA player selected Wednesday with any college eligibility remaining. Senior pitcher Scott Burke, the Bruins' top reliever, went to the Baltimore Orioles in the 20th round. The Colorado Rockies selected a pair of seniors, outfielder Brett Stephens in the 28th round and pitcher Moises Ceja in the 32nd round.
Despite a sample size of just 31 collegiate games, Valaika has a chance to follow two of his older brothers into professional baseball should he choose to sign a professional contract and not to return to UCLA. The shortstop started all 21 games he played in 2017 before he was hit by a pitch March 26 and suffered a season-ending hand injury. He appeared in 11 games as a freshman before redshirting his true sophomore year in 2016.
Injuries cost Valaika most of his sophomore season at Newhall's Hart High before he rounded into form by hitting .400 as a senior with a .520 on-base percentage and 1.208 OPS.
Valaika's offensive numbers were underwhelming at UCLA — he hit .225 this season with 12 runs and nine RBIs in 80 at-bats — but that formula didn't slow older brother Pat Valaika on the way to his major league debut last season.
Pat was UCLA's shortstop from 2011 until the Rockies made him their ninth-round draft pick in 2013. He was called up to Colorado's parent club in 2016 and has spent 38 games in the major leagues this season.
Oldest brother Chris Valaika, the Reds' third-round pick out of UC Santa Barbara in 2006, spent parts of four seasons in the major leagues and is now a hitting coach in the Cubs organization. Matt Valaika was twice drafted out of UCSB, a 20th-round pick in 2009 and 34th-round selection in 2010, but spent just one season playing minor-league baseball.
In all, six UCLA players were selected in the 2017 draft, only three of them seniors.
Workhorse starting pitcher Griffin Canning, a junior, was the Angels' second-round pick, No. 56 overall. Junior first baseman Sean Bouchard was selected in the ninth round by the Rockies.
Six signees from UCLA's 10-man 2017 recruiting class were selected, including three in the first six rounds.
The Reds made pitcher/shortstop Hunter Greene the second overall pick of the draft. Pitcher/catcher Hagen Danner was the Toronto Blue Jays' second-round pick, 61st overall. Pitcher Jeremiah Estrada was selected by the Cubs with the final pick of the sixth round and Mitchell was the 14th-round pick of the Oakland Athletics.
Glick and Farrell were selected in the final two rounds of the 40-round draft, making it a strong possibility they will attend UCLA instead of signing a professional contracts.
MediaGuido is not sure why the Telegraph thought it would be a good idea to survey staff on their workplace happiness and then deliver the results in a town hall meeting. The anonymous questionnaire was sent to all staff – editorial and non-editorial – a few weeks back. The results were read out recently at a highly awkward all staff meeting. Just 40% said Telegraph Media Group “motivates me” – well below industry standards. There were bad numbers for the general management – only 47% said employee engagement was “favourable“. There were some positives for the Telegraph brand – 72% said they were proud to work at such a prestigious paper. Though there was little surprise when the organisation that carried out the survey informed the room that they were way below other media groups. The numbers for “promotion opportunities” were surprisingly dire given the number of jobs going, and a majority of staff are considering alternative employment. Though to be fair, that is often not their choice…
My legs are shaking and I'm fighting to remain upright. I have literally zero control. I didn't think slacklining — walking suspended on a thin rope between two trees — would be easy, but man, I had no idea it would be this hard.
My jaw is clenched shut, the rope cuts into my feet, and I hold my breath, every muscle in my body rigid. “Unclench, but do not fall,” I think. Do not fall. Do not…
But I fall. Again and again, I fall.
Uproxx
I'm Steve Vasquez and for the past few weeks, I've been driving around the country searching for adventures that you can have just an hour or two outside of major U.S. cities. It's been thrilling, exhausting, and (at the moment where I fall off a slackline for the millionth time) more physically demanding than I was expecting. But it's also been one of the best trips I've ever taken.
Today, I'm headed just outside of Los Angeles to the San Bernardino mountains to learn how to slackline. Slacklining is an age-old hobby that's just hit the mainstream. Basically, it involves going into nature and tying a chord between two fixed points — then walking from one to the other. Those two points can be trees or boulders or buildings, and you could be suspended a few feet or a few hundred. It just depends on your skill level and how far exactly you want your heart to leap out of your chest. It's like being a tightrope walker, except that the slackline generally has more give and bounce than a tightrope.
Still, the concept is the same: A person suspended in the air like a superhero, balancing like a bird, and then gliding across what might as well be dental floss with total zen-like concentration and grace. So…. “shouldn't be too hard,” I think.
With me is slacklining master, Ray Diaz. Ray is fearless. The kind of guy who walks up the face of near-horizontal boulders without breaking his stride. He's chill in the way most of us can only wish we were. Ice in his veins, and all that.
Nothing seems to phase him. Not even walking on a thin rope over a canyon.
INVESTMENT QUESTIONED
I have several questions in response to the advertisement masqueraded as a Feb. 11 article in The Courier titled: “Health system's new venture: Medical spa for area women.”
In an obvious attempt to create the perception of need in our community, Scott Malaney, president and CEO of Blanchard Valley Health System, was quoted as saying, “The health system found that an establishment like the med spa did not exist between Columbus and Toledo.”
In his research, how did Malaney overlook not one but two existing med spas in Findlay? The Findlay Laser & Vein Center, 1000 Tiffin Ave., and Findlay MedSpa, 1917 S. Main St., which just happens to be located directly across the street from his office.
Malaney also noted that “no fundraising dollars were used for the project, nor was a capital campaign pursued.” So, where did the investment come from? How do we know that it wasn't made at the expense of actual health care needs?
Given the fact that there were two full-service medical aesthetic practices already established in Findlay, how does BVHS justify the investment of hundreds of thousands of dollars?
If this medspa was the “vision” of Dr. Thomas and Lisa Lincoln, why didn't they invest their own money? If they perceived such a great need in our community, why didn't they take the personal risk rather than rely on the deep pockets of our local health system?
I guess it's easier to be an entrepreneur when you are spending someone else's money.
Dennis Armstrong
Findlay
A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH
Melody Lehman's letter (Feb. 13) concerning the need for the Affordable Care Act to help people with cancer points out that the ACA has helped real people dealing with real issues.
Sen. Rob Portman and others in the GOP who want to repeal the ACA justify their agenda based on political payments and biases of the people using the coverage, but they seem to ignore the real need in the community. Ending the ACA without taking into account people who do need the medical care will lead to people dying who shouldn't.
I couldn't live with that, and I hope Sen. Portman won't either.
Doug Berger
Findlay
ETHANOL IS A ‘WIN-WIN'
The Feb. 6 letter, “RFS: Case of Misguided Action” by Greg Lawson of the Buckeye Institute, blaming ethanol for higher corn prices, is just wrong. Corn prices have always fluctuated.
Back in 1996, well before the Renewable Fuel Standard was ever implemented, corn was $3.67 a bushel. Today it is $3.64 a bushel.
Why? Thanks to technology and improvements in farming practices, farmers are able to grow more corn per acre, resulting in higher yields.
This has helped keep corn prices stable, while also allowing Ohio to be a leader in renewable energy, ethanol.
It's a win-win for the state.
Rick Fox
president, Ohio Ethanol Producers Association
Leipsic
Comments
comments
HELP THE ANIMALS & GET GREAT DEALS SHOP THE BEST LITTLE THRIFT STORE IN THE RIM COUNTRY NOW AT 434 S. Beeline Hwy. (Behind Time Out Thrift) Open 10-5 Tues. thru Sun. 928-951-2587 Donations gratefully accepted.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO ADVERTISE ON OUR BLOG
The above are paid ads. To place yours for just $25/month, call Jim Keyworth at (928) 474-8787 or e-mail peoplesgazette@gmail.com. Banner ads are also available across the bottom and top of the blog.
(The Rim Country Gazette Blog is currently averaging over 5,000 visits per month. Our readership survey shows Gazette readers are better educated and more affluent than the average newspaper reader. Gazette Blog ads reach the people most likely to vote and to use your services and products.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Davy Fitz has a lot in common with Jose Mourinho, says Mullane 14 June 2017
Davy Fitzgerald and inset Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho. Davy Fitzgerald and inset Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho.
Davy Fitzgerald is the Jose Mourinho of GAA management, according to Waterford legend John Mullane.
The Wexford senior hurlers are riding high under the guidance of the former Clare All-Ireland winning goalkeeper and, speaking on the Throw-In podcast on Independent.ie, Mullane pointed out the similarities between him and the Manchester United boss.
“I've gone on the record before saying that he's a Jose Mourinho-type manager. He'll come in for a two-three year period, three years max, and he will get results.
“He'll get the best out of lads, he'll push lads and that was evident at the weekend against Kilkenny. Their fitness levels were through the roof, that was all done up in Ferns in October to December.
“He's just a natural born winner and he rubs off on lads.”
Mullane played under Davy Fitz and the five-time Deise All-Star added: “He's done everything in the game. There is only one title alluding him in completing a clean sweep in the game and that's a Leinster title.
“He's won everything in the game with regards to Munster titles, league titles, Fitzgibbon Cups, Waterford Crystal Cups and here he is within 70 minutes of completing everything that you can possibly win within the game.
“For me, that's a remarkable record and the remarkable record of a fantastic GAA man.”
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
This isn't celebrity news, per se, but rather an opportunity to look at photos Tina Lawson uploaded to Instagram. (You know we love her here.) There's the one above, which contains a caption that makes no sense until you realize she is counting herself as one of her four girls.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Then there's this one, of Tina wishing everyone a happy Easter. (It made me want to go to church.)
Here's a repost of Kelly Rowland's Instagram video, in which Tina shares her love of candy. (Another reason to choose her over Coachella.)
And then there's this, which speaks for itself:
A thing the tabloids are very into lately is making Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner's divorce appear to be more intriguing and dramatic than it actually is. In the past few days, People interviewed an attorney about how they are using some legal loopholes to make the documents private (of course they are) and TMZ wrote about how Ben is finally moving out of the family guesthouse (of course he is.)
Advertisement
Sponsored
So imagine my surprise when I read a detail about their split that actually caught my attention. TMZ writes that Affleck is “now dating someone, though ‘not seriously.'”
Let the speculation begin.
[TMZ]
“Thank you Russell, but this is blasphemy. Also tell Ciara hi.” - Jesus Christ
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Connor McCaffery (19 points) and Patrick McCaffery (9 points) helped Iowa City West beat Joe Wieskamp (28 points) and Muscatine.
Buy Photo Iowa City West's Patrick McCaffery (22) cheers by the bench as the final seconds tick away during their 4A state basketball championship game on Saturday, March 11, 2017, in Des Moines. Iowa City West would go on to win 64-50 (Photo: Brian Powers/The Register)Buy Photo
IOWA CITY, Ia. — For as much as everyone expected it, and as much as he and his family already knew where he was going, Patrick McCaffery's commitment to Iowa Thursday night came out of the blue.
His dad — head coach Fran McCaffery — was talking about a house Patrick's older brother, Connor McCaffery, would live as an Iowa sophomore next year. He told Patrick he'd show him the house, too. After all, he said, Patrick would live there when he was a Hawkeye.
"And I was like, 'Can I just commit?,'" Patrick told HawkCentral Thursday night, remembering the conversation. "And he's like, 'Yeah, you want to do it tomorrow?' I said, 'Meh. I was just going to do it right now.' And he was like, 'OK, just make sure you tell your mother first.'
"I just realized that I'm not going to get any opportunity like I would at Iowa. Playing in front of my mom every game, in front of the rest of my family, with my brother, for my dad. I just wasn't going to get any other opportunity or experience like that and that's going to be a really special part of my life. That made me pull the trigger."
After calling his mom, McCaffery immediately texted Connor, who replied with a long text about how he and Patrick "would do special things together." He also texted his AAU coach, then sent out the commitment tweet that spurred a frenzy of excitement on Hawkeye Twitter.
With good reason.
Buy Photo West High's Patrick McCaffery (22) and Connor McCaffery head into a timeout during their game against City High at West High on Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016. (Photo: David Scrivner/Iowa City Press-Citizen)
McCaffery, a 6-foot-8 wing/forward combo, is a potential McDonald's All-American recruit. He's a consensus four-star prospect. Rival ranks him 30th nationally, Scout ranks him 42nd and the 247Sports Composite ranks him 36th.
Rival has rated its top 150 players since 2003, and McCaffery is the highest-rated recruit since then. Next-closest? Joe Wieskamp, the No. 40 player in the Class of 2018. Those two, plus Connor, are major pieces of what has developed into a future full of Sweet 16 — Elite Eight? — potential for the Hawkeyes.
"It's a really special time for Iowa basketball," Patrick said. "They're really on the rise, so it's really cool to be a part of that — kind of in the middle of it, be in the midst of all of it. So I'm going to work on some of my friends that are pretty good and try to get them to come with me."
McCaffery's current 2019 targets to bring with him to Iowa: Four-star point guard D.J. Carton of Bettendorf, four-star power forward Trace Jackson-Davis of Greenwood, Indiana, and Minneapolis point guard Tyrell Terry. McCaffery is Iowa's first 2019 recruit; it has two open slots left.
Iowa never really had any competition for McCaffery. Miami of Ohio talked to him a bit recently. Arizona sent him a letter a couple years ago. But nothing serious.
"Everybody kind of knew this was how it was going to be," McCaffery said.
So other than family, why Iowa?
"My dad really lets his guys play," McCaffery said. "He lets them play through mistakes and everything like that, and so I'll play a lot on the wing and be able to play through my mistakes and be able to just play with freedom. I won't have to worry about, 'If I miss, I'm coming out,' because he lets everybody play. And they also run a really nice fastbreak, it's really fast. I'm pretty mobile in transition and I like getting buckets in transition. That's a big part of my game so it'll translate well once I get there."
McCaffery can now focus on improving his game and winning two more state championships in his junior and senior seasons at state powerhouse Iowa City West. He averaged 13.8 points on 60.6 percent shooting to help West win a Class 4A state title last year. (He also shot 34 percent from 3-point land … as a 6-8 sophomore.)
If there's been one consistent knock on his game, it's been his weight. McCaffery's a lean kid who spread about 165 pounds over his 6-8 frame last year.
He's been on a consistent nutrition and weight-lifting regimen since the high school season ended last year. He said he's up to about 175 pounds, but he feels stronger than he ever has. He said he especially notices that improved strength when he rebounds against fellow bigs or plays through contact.
Basketball analysts HawkCentral have spoken with throughout the offseason say the same thing.
"I'm better with physicality of the game," McCaffery said "and that's obviously going to increase in college. In the Big Ten, it's one of the most physical conferences in the country, so I've got to be ready for that."
He's got time to prepare. And it certainly helps he's got a Big Ten coach and player to work with at home.
Matthew Bain covers preps, recruiting and the Hawkeyes for the Iowa City Press-Citizen, The Des Moines Register and HawkCentral. Contact him at mbain@gannett.com and follow him on Twitter at @MatthewBain_.
Somali survivors early Thursday described harrowing scenes of the night-long siege of a popular Mogadishu restaurant by al-Shabab Islamic extremists that was ended by security forces.
At least 17 people, including foreigners, were dead, police and an ambulance driver said. Survivors of the attack were led by soldiers from the Pizza House restaurant building. The injured were taken by ambulances.
Al-Shabab claimed responsibility as the restaurant was under siege.
Soldiers surrounded the restaurant building and used guns mounted on the backs of vehicles to neutralize the militants. Troops entered the ground floor while the insurgent snipers held positions upstairs.
All five attackers were killed and after dawn the soldiers secured the building, said senior Somali police office Capt. Mohamed Hussein. The troops' efforts to take control of the Pizza House restaurant were slowed by the darkness of night, forcing them to wait until morning, said Hussein.
Survivors recounted harrowing stories of hiding under tables, as armed attackers continued firing in the restaurant and hunted for patrons. Attackers moved from room to room, looking for people, said a survivor.
"I never thought I would have the chance to see the sun again. They were killing people on sight," Saida Hussein, a university student, told The Associated Press. She said she survived the attack by hiding behind a large table downstairs.
Another survivor, Aden Karie, was wounded by an attacker who spotted him moving behind a curtain in the dark room.
"He shot at me twice and one bullet struck me on the leg," said Karie as he was taken to an awaiting ambulance.
The roofs were blown off the restaurant and nearby buildings from the powerful blasts.
The bodies of five girls thought to have been killed by the militants were found in the restaurant, said police. Inside the building, the body of a Syrian man who worked as a chef at restaurant lay near the rubble of a blood-spattered and bullet-marked wall.
The attack began Wednesday evening a car bomb exploded at the gate to the restaurant and then gunmen posing as military forces stormed into the establishment.
An ambulance driver with the Amin Ambulance service, Khalif Dahir, said early Thursday they had carried 17 bodies and 26 wounded people. Most of the victims were young men who had been entering the Pizza House when the vehicle exploded, Hussein said.
The gunmen "were dressed in military uniforms. They forced those fleeing the site to go inside" the restaurant, witness Nur Yasin told AP.
Wednesday night's blast largely destroyed the restaurant's facade and sparked a fire. While al-Shabab claimed to have attacked the neighboring Posh Treats restaurant, which is frequented by the city's elite and was damaged in the blast, security officials said the Pizza House was targeted instead.
Security forces rescued Asian, Ethiopian, Kenyan and other workers at Posh Treats as the attack continued, Hussein said.
The Somalia-based al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
The extremist group also faces a new military push from the United States after President Donald Trump approved expanded operations, including airstrikes, against al-Shabab. On Sunday, the U.S. military in Africa said it carried out an airstrike in southern Somalia that killed eight Islamic extremists at a rebel command and logistics camp.
Somalia President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed confirmed that airstrike and said such attacks would disrupt the group's ability to conduct new attacks.
With a new federal government established, pressure is growing on Somalia's military to assume full responsibility for the country's security. The 22,000-strong African Union multinational force, AMISOM, which has been supporting the fragile central government, plans to start withdrawing in 2018 and leave by the end of 2020.
Also Wednesday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution extending the U.N. political mission in the Horn of Africa nation, which is trying to rebuild after more than two decades as a failed state, until March 31, 2018. The resolution recognized that "this is a critical moment for Somalia."
———
Associated Press writer Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed.
@eminem #mmdissesDA #💞🤪 A post shared by ¥O-LANDI VI$$ER (@prawn_star) on Dec 8, 2017 at 11:51am PST
Eminem has long been known as an ambitious slant rhymer. He's also prone to referencing other acts in on songs, usually in controversial fashion. On his recent “Untouchable” track, those two traits converged. The intense track about systemic racism was no doubt created to be a major talking point on the reportedly “heavily anti-Trump” Revival album that's due December 15, but Em probably didn't expect the hoopla to stem from his mispronunciation of Die Antwoord.
He made an example of the South African hip-hop duo on the track, noting that “I'd rather hear 'em say ‘die n-word' than Die Antwoord/ Ninja, now it's better disguised banter.” Eminem was referencing the inherent racism of group member Yolandi Visser wearing blackface in the group's 2012 “Fatty Boom Boom” video, as well as the other member's stage name of “Ninja” — as a white male.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Instead of challenging Eminem's notion that they were guilty of racism, Yolandi Visser took to Instagram on Saturday to offer the correct pronunciation of Die Antwoord. Visser made a second post later that day asking him “how would you feel if I called you e-eminem,” before Ninja freestyled “E-eminem went to jail and got a bit of semen in his bum and was never seen again.”
My period of ambivalence is over. I'm a New England Patriots fan, full out. I care if they beat the Eagles. I want them to squash the birds into midnight-green goo. That's right, the Eagles team color is midnight green. Ours? American red, white and blue — with a dash of silver to keep us contemporary.
I love Eagles fans. At their team's final game of the 1968 season, feeling irritable, they diverted themselves at halftime by booing Santa Claus and pelting him with snowballs. But this makes me want to crush them even more. They are passionate, and beating passionate people is way more fun than beating aloof people. Who'd want to beat the San Francisco 49ers? Their fans are almost too urbane to notice.
Why have I so fully embraced the Patriots? For one thing, they are by far the smartest team in sports. Watch how they respond when they get down against an inspired opponent, as they did against the Jacksonville Jaguars in this year's conference championship game. Early in the game, the Jaguars were rolling over us, smashing us with their defense, humiliating us with their offense.
But then, at halftime, the Patriots went into the locker room and — as they always do — they figured out the opposition. They jiggered the defense; they re-aimed the offense. Suddenly the unstoppable running back Leonard Fournette was on his backside contemplating the heavens. Suddenly the quarterback Blake Bortles, who was having the game of his career in the first half, was transformed back to in the so-so game manager he has always been. And then Brady began to methodically rip the bad guys to shreds.
The other reason I have so fully embraced the Patriots is their dominance. In the world of sports, I've become someone who likes empires. I like dynasties. I like operations that go on being great for a long time. Any team can ring the bell once. But to smack the gong again and again, that is truly something.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Most people resent sports dynasties because they prefer up-and-comers. They pull for the underdog. They want David to beat Goliath. I suspect they do this because they want to think of themselves as upstarts, young and fresh and with a world of promise before them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But there comes a time when you have to look at yourself not as an up-and-comer but as someone who has arrived — at least as far as you are going to. In the same way, there comes a time to embrace teams that have arrived and are proud of it and want to stay at their best.
I had a friend who was once going through some hard times: Kevin, a high-school drinking buddy, a brawler with a saintly heart. Kevin was a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan. They lost and they lost and they lost. (This was many decades before the 2000s.) And Kevin went down and down.
But then one day in the 1980s, Kevin had a revelation. He looked at himself in the mirror and said: Enough is enough. Starting today, Kevin is a fan of the 22-time world champion New York Yankees. He felt a little better that day — and then slowly, over time, a little turned into a lot. He got his business together. He made some money. No matter how daunting the goal, Kevin now went for it. Did the switch of his allegiance to the Yankees have something to do with this? I think so.
To back a winner, you've got to be willing to say you aspire to win yourself. You're not a beginner any more, not an upstart, not a pup. You've maybe done a few things right in life and you're going to try to keep doing things right — and you're going to back a team that does the same. You're going to get behind Yankees baseball and North Carolina college basketball and you're going to look for a football team that wins and wins and wins.
And if that's what you're looking for, what choice have you got? You're going to have to become a New England Patriots fan, too.
The image is universal and has been the central focus of countless movies and TV shows — a black-robed judge seated behind a bench, empowered to oversee the application of the laws of our state. It's also a reality seen every day inside the five regional justice centers in Orange County. But there is much more to the administration of justice than what we usually see on a television or theater screen.
For every Superior Court judge in Orange County, there are nine dedicated professionals who work behind the scenes to ensure access for the thousands of parties who file cases in the court each year. Court clerks prepare the docket of cases to be called, provide information for judges and keep track of witnesses, attorneys and litigants. Court reporters keep an accurate and legally binding record of court proceedings, and legal processing specialists help county residents navigate the legal system in countless situations.
These are demanding jobs requiring specialized training and certifications in order to ensure fairness and timeliness for parties before the court with cases that can impact their freedom, financial future and even their lives.
It is therefore with significant frustration that I share with you how a court system charged with dispensing justice to all can, by choice, cavalierly treat its own essential workers so unfairly. Despite the outward appearance projected by the trappings of the court, inside there are two very different realities for court professionals. Here's what‘s happening in every courtroom in Orange County.
• Take home pay for court workers has steadily decreased since 2011 while court executives and managers have received generous pay increases;
• Court reporters have been forced to work part-time, reducing available courtroom time for the public;
• Court executives pay very little in retirement costs while court workers pay 13 percent of every paycheck toward retirement;
• Executives schedule plenty of time off for themselves with no loss of pay but cut hours for court workers;
• Court workers at the Central Justice Center must often wade through a Civic Center homeless population on the way to work while executives have a private garage and elevator.
Keep in mind these positions don't pay the six-figure salaries court executives receive, far from it. I'm not suggesting they should, but essential court workers should be treated with the respect their dedication and professionalism deserve.
No one wants to work in an environment where dedication isn't valued and where double standards are the rule. These abuses result in worker recruitment and retention problems that significantly impact Orange County residents when lack of personnel delays proceedings. It is not acceptable for justice to be compromised because essential workers are devalued.
The predictable response of court executives is to plead poverty and blame the state Legislature for the underfunding of California courts and their failure to treat court workers fairly. But pointing fingers at Sacramento are just an ongoing excuse for misplaced priorities. The truth is, the court has followed a deliberate strategy to reward its executives on the backs of its workers.
Orange County residents deserve a system of justice that is equitable to both the public who utilize the court system to seek justice and to those essential workers who help keep that system running smoothly. That means increasing access to justice for the residents of Orange County — not decreasing it by cutting hours of essential staff. It means providing fair compensation for court workers, instead of sitting idly by as their paychecks decrease year after year. It means honoring the phrase “justice for all” instead of “justice for all of us at the top.”
Jennifer Muir Beuthin is general manager of the Orange County Employees Association.
Idara Inokon, Miss Nigeria USA contestant representing Akwa Ibom, has emerged winner of Miss
Nigeria USA 2017 beauty pageant held on Saturday night into early Sunday morning in New York.
Idara, who was crowned by the outgone holder of the title, Lola Adeoye, beat 13 other contestants to emerge winner.
The new Miss Nigeria USA, who was the fourth to be crowned in the pageant, would cart home $10,000 in prizes, according to Joy Fakhoury, the organiser of the annual beauty pageant.
She would also embark on a pet project that would impact on the less privileged back home in Nigeria.
Each of the contestants represented her culture in the pageant that was meant to promote the richness of Nigerian culture, the diversity of its people, the beauty and intellect of the Nigerian lady and to promote togetherness and unity among Nigerians in the Diaspora.
Miss Ondo – Ayoyemi Ajimatanrareje, emerged the First Runner-up, Miss Lagos – Susan Adeyemi, emerged the Second Runner-up, while Miss Rivers, Lucy Edosomwan, emerged Miss Congeniality, in the keenly contested pageant.
The contestants were tested in intelligence, carriage, beauty, knowledge about Nigeria, Nigerian culture, and planned contributions to Nigeria through a pet project during their reign.
Judges said that they had a hard time determining the winners as all the contestants performed outstandingly. Fourteen contestants made the finals on Saturday. They were; Miss Abia, Anambra, Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Delta, Ebonyi, Edo, Ekiti, Enugu, Imo, Lagos, Ogun, Ondo and Rivers States.
The new Miss Nigeria USA, while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria after her crowning, expressed surprise at her emergence, pledging to devote her reign to impacting the lives of the less privileged in Nigeria. “I was very surprised, I felt very shaky in the whole competition, you know how nerves get to you but I just said ‘Idara, whatever the outcome, you did your best and so I went out with a smile'.
“I wanted to compete in a different pageant in New York back in April but it happened to be the same weekend as one of my close friend's. “And so, I said well, let me reconsider and find a pageant here in the U.S. that has good values and is something I want to stand behind. “So, when I found Miss Nigeria USA and I found that the pageant was located in New York, I was extremely excited.
“I see it as a moment to share women empowerment and to represent my culture, which is a perfect opportunity. I really want to start to get to work to see how I can serve my community. “My platform is to create awareness on prevention. As a registered nurse, I do health education on a daily basis. “It is something I am very passionate about and I believe that if people are educated about their health, they can live healthier lives. So that would be what I would pursue during my reign,” she said.
Inokon, a registered nurse in the U.S., and born to a Nigerian father from Akwa Ibom, graduated from the University of Maryland, College Park in 2010 with a Bachelor of Science and Psychology.
She also attended the Accelerated Nursing Programme at the University of Delaware and graduated in 2014, and currently a Masters Student in Family Nursing. The event was attended by many Nigerians across the U.S., Africans and other nationalities resident in America.
Idara Inokon from Akwa Ibom wins Miss Nigeria USA 2017
by Capt. Weston Russell, Contributing Writer
This winter will bring some hot fishing to our waters. Sailfish, dolphin, wahoo and kingfish will be the offshore choice. When heading out, take a drive to the south and let the stream take you north. If you're just looking for sails, try the 160' depth off the Dodge Wall; if you're looking for kings stay around 90' depth. Live bait will be the key to landing quality fish and can be easily bought from your local bait boat. These guys monitor VHF 68. It's best to get their number for the next time and give him a call the night before for your order. Kite fishing will be in full effect this month, but flat lining and deep rods will produce too. Don't forget the wire trace at the end of your leader for the hoo or king… you never know!
For the inshore guys, the inlet will be a hot spot. Schools of jack and tarpon will be invading the beaches and ICW. This is the time to use your fancy fish finder. Mark the fish before you drop. There could be a huge school just 20 yards to the port side.
Along with hard fighting jacks there will be spawning sheepshead on the bottom of the channel. Shrimp is the bait of choice but clams will get those sheep biting.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And he looks forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would seriously consider less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant hinted he would opt out of a deal that pays him the maximum he can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston.
___
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
YouTube
The breakup between John Cena and Nikki Bella is still being felt, and will continue to be felt, and now it seems as thought that may be partially by design.
Allow me to clarify: I am not suggesting that we know for a fact that this breakup isn't entirely on the level, or is merely a storyline, or any other such conspiracy theory (although it is always in the realm of possibility). I'm merely saying that however “real” the split of the WWE mega-couple may be, we now have confirmation that the companies will at least in some way be benefitting from the breakup.
Ever since the season three trailer for Total Bellas dropped, way back in January(!), we've known that there is SOME drama happening involving Cena and Nikki, and whether they want to continue on as a couple.
Marvel
After Thor: Ragnarok set photos revealed Chris Hemsworth holding a card with Doctor Strange's address on it, rumors began circulating about a possible Benedict Cumberbatch cameo. When asked about it, director Taika Waititi refused to comment — though his initial non-statement was rendered meaningless once audiences saw the Doctor Strange mid-credits scene featuring Hemsworth and Cumberbatch. Yet even the pair's humorous exchange wasn't enough to officially confirm the British actor's possible role in the third Thor film.
Thanks to the latest newsletter from Disney's D23 fan club, however, audiences can now expect Cumberbatch to stand alongside Hemsworth and Hulk actor Mark Ruffalo in some capacity:
If you need even more intergalactic, world-saving action, Thor: Ragnarok in November brings together Thor, the Hulk, and Doctor Strange to face off against intergalactic baddies both familiar and new.
The announcement finally confirms what Marvel fans have long suspected, though it doesn't necessarily explain the nature of Cumberbatch's involvement. According to the mid-credits scene in Doctor Strange, Thor has returned to earth seeking the whereabouts of his half-brother Loki for purposes unknown. Yet the god of thunder is apparently unable to find his mischievous kin on his own, so he seeks Strange's assistance in the matter.
As ComingSoon.net points out, the Doctor Strange and Hulk characters have a long, complex history in the original comics. What's more, the initial set photo featuring Thor holding a card with Strange's address is quite literally ripped from an older comic book story line, so it's a sure bet that Cumberbatch may be doing more in Thor: Ragnarok than seeing the sights in New York with Thor and Loki.
Thor: Ragnarok will usher in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's equivalent to the biblical apocalypse on November 3, 2017.
(Via ComingSoon.net)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S.
The official purchasing managers' index rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
Production, new export orders and overall new orders all increased from the previous month, indicating an uptick in demand, the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing's survey found.
"The pace of manufacturing expansion has accelerated and development momentum has been further strengthened," said Zhao Qinghe, senior statistician at the National Bureau of Statistics, which released the data on its website .
The latest figures show China's outsized export-manufacturing sector remains resilient despite continued tensions with the U.S. over the trading relationship between the world's two biggest economies.
The tensions had been ebbing until earlier this week, when President Donald Trump's administration renewed its threat to slap $50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese goods and said it would also limit U.S. exports of high-tech goods to China. It's part of U.S. efforts to contain China's state-directed efforts to transform itself into a tech superpower.
But despite Washington's efforts, activity expanded in May, according to the survey's high-tech manufacturing sub-index, which rose in May to 54.8, up 1 point from the previous month.
The tariff threat came ahead of U.S. Commerce Department Secretary Wilbur Ross's visit to Beijing on Saturday for further negotiations on economic and trade issues.
Activity in China's increasingly important services sector also expanded. The group's non-manufacturing PMI rose to 54.9 for the month from 54.8 previously.
China's services industry is playing a bigger role as communist leaders upgrade economic growth, shifting it from a worn-out model based on wasteful trade and investment to one focused on domestic spending.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Churchill
Directed by: Jonathan Teplitzky
Starring: Brian Cox, Miranda Richardson, John Slattery, James Purefoy
Rated PG for thematic elements, brief war images, historical smoking throughout and some language
1 hr. 45 min.
For a dwindling generation across the English-speaking world, his words of determination, defiance, even humor in the face of fear and uncertainty are as unforgettable as World War II itself. His growling yet refined voice echoes through the decades. For those too young to know Sir Winston Churchill outside of history classes and documentaries, think of familiar phrases like “The Iron Curtain,” “blood, sweat and tears,” or “It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.”
Churchill, the latest cinematic exposition on the man called “The Greatest Briton of All Time,” is centered on the days leading up to the invasion of Nazi-occupied Europe on June 6, 1944. It's a strong film and a welcome chapter on one of the 20th century's iconic leaders, with a powerful performance by Brian Cox as the prime minister. He chews on baton-sized stogies and pours snifters of brandy and shots of scotch, while tortured by the prospect of a blood bath on D-Day.
In the beautifully photographed rolling hills of England, untouched, lush and green, a German Luftwaffe rains death from above. Just kilometers away, Churchill is fraught with doubt as he meets with Allied Commander General Dwight D. Eisenhower (terse, outstanding work by Mad Men's John Slattery), Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery (Julian Wadham) and King George VI (James Purefoy, who handles the king's famous speech impediment with dignity).
It would take a historian to truly analyze Churchill's adamant opposition to the D-Day plans, as presented to him. Yet it is obvious from the opening sequences that he is haunted by the 1915 invasion of Gallipoli during World War I — an invasion he championed. Over 100,000 allied soldiers were lost in that disastrous campaign. Churchill is alternately articulate, volatile and kind, his moods governed, chastened, at times chided, by his wife of 36 years, his guiding force, Clementine (an always excellent Miranda Richardson). Her love and ability to refocus his volcanic tirades have positive results, particularly for his put-upon young stenographer (Ella Purnell).
While much of the Allied Expeditionary Force awaits orders aboard Higgins boats just off the coast in the English Channel, the prime minister goes as far as dropping to his knees to offer an expressive, pulpit-worthy plea to the almighty, that inclement weather will continue to delay the invasion and avert catastrophe.
Cox's portrayal of Churchill carries the movie through lulls that are necessary, especially when depicting a larger-than-life, multifaceted human being, a man of such divergent character traits. He could be short and condescending, rigid and stalwart, insecure and depressed, balanced by an earnestness and eloquence that kept a country — and the free world — calm and carrying on.
By examining these few tumultuous days until the decisive moment to invade, anyone with a vague notion of what occurred can get a primer on Churchill's military bearing, his use of pathos, his ability with words and the torture that lay beneath them.
This month marks the 73rd anniversary of D-Day. As we observe it, I would highly recommend seeing Director Jonathan Teplitzky's inspired effort, written by Alex von Tunzelmann. It reveals the reality of freedom on the precipice, within the lifetime of your parents or grandparents. I would also suggest seeking out someone of that generation who experienced that time. Gather their recollections. Get to know the world that preceded ours, and the people who paid the price for what we have today. Then you may even more fully understand the importance of Churchill, the film and the man.
FILE - In this Thursday, Dec. 15, 2016 file photo, Afghans who were deported from Germany exit Kabul International Airport, Kabul, Afghanistan. Amnesty International says in the report released Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017 that European governments have remained willfully blind to the dangers to which returnees are exposed. It says together with the European Union they are putting Afghanistan under tremendous pressure to accept large numbers of the returnees. (AP Photo/Massoud Hossaini, File)
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — European countries are returning many more Afghan asylum seekers to their homeland even as violence in the war-torn country escalates, Amnesty International said in a new report Thursday.
The rights group says Europe's governments remain willfully blind to the dangers faced by the returnees and with the European Union are pressuring Afghanistan tremendously to accept the large numbers of returnees.
From 2015 to 2016, the number of Afghan citizens returned to their native country from Europe nearly tripled from 3,290 to 9,460, according to Amnesty's report, citing EU statistics.
Meanwhile, civilian casualties remained high, with, 11,418 people killed or injured in 2016, according to the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan. That's up from 11,002 civilian casualties in 2015, according to UNAMA.
Amnesty called for a moratorium on Afghan returns until they can take place with "safety and dignity."
"In their determination to increase the number of deportations, European governments are implementing a policy that is reckless and unlawful," Anna Shea, Amnesty International's researcher on refugee and migrant rights, said in a statement. "Willfully blind to the evidence that violence is at a record high and no part of Afghanistan is safe, they are putting people at risk of torture, kidnapping, death and other horrors."
This report is based on desk and field research conducted between May and September 2017 and documented a total of 26 cases.
Afghanistan has suffered four decades of violent conflict and 16 years of war that began with the U.S. invasion in 2001 to target the instigators of the 9/11 attacks. Ordinary Afghans are frustrated by the relentless violence as well as the failures to keep them secure or achieve peace.
Intelligence service reports say at least 20 militant groups, including the Taliban and Islamic State group affiliates, operate in Afghanistan, mostly in border areas near Pakistan.
Between 2009 and 2016, UNAMA calculates that nearly 25,000 civilians were killed and more than 45,000 wounded.
The violence and deteriorating security has persisted this year.
In August, militants stormed a packed Shiite mosque in Kabul during Friday prayers, ending with at least 20 worshippers killed and another 50 seriously wounded. On May 31, in one of the largest attacks in Kabul's history, more than 150 people were killed and twice as many injured when a bomb exploded near several European embassies, in one of the best-protected districts of the capital.
Many Afghans who leave the country to seek asylum in Europe do so by crossing into countries such as Iran and Turkey with a visa, then crossing the Mediterranean Sea by boat.
Rahim, a 20-year-old man whom Amnesty International researchers met in Kabul in May, had fled to Norway in late 2015, according to the report. "I felt like a human being in Norway, I had never felt that way here in Afghanistan," he told researchers.
However, his asylum claim was denied and in December he was deported. Norwegian authorities told Rahim that he would be safe if he lived in a different province from the one where he had grown up.
"Here I live in fear. I can't study, I can't find a job and I can't go to my place of origin," he said.
In 2016 the five European countries from which the most Afghans were returned were: Germany (3,440), Greece (1,480), Sweden (1,025), the United Kingdom (785) and Norway (760), according to the report.
Norway appears to be the European country responsible for the largest number of forcibly returned Afghans, the report found. Citing Afghan authorities, Amnesty said of all the forced returns in the first four months of this year, 32 percent (97 out of 304 people) came from the northern European country.
Horia Mosadiq, Amnesty International's Afghanistan researcher, said the returns violate international law.
"The same European countries that once pledged support for a better future for Afghans are now crushing their hopes and abandoning them to a country that has become even more dangerous since they fled," Mosadiq said.
In response to the report, Germany's Interior Ministry said the country always evaluates each case individually with regard to the security situation facing the deportee.
But, it said, "there is a consensus within the government" that Amnesty's findings do not preclude Germany from deporting "criminals, security risks and people who steadfastly refuse identity checks," as it has been doing.
___
Associated Press Writer David Rising in Berlin contributed to this report.
It's a duty that police officers spend most of their time doing day in, and day out -- helping others.
That's exactly what Deputy Chief Jason Bentley of the Montoursville Police Department in Pennsylvania did when an 84-year-old man needed a ride to the hospital to see his wife.
Montoursville Police Department responded to a call of a woman in full arrest on April 19. She was not breathing and she didn't have a pulse, Chief Jeffrey Gyurina said.
She was taken to UPMC Susquehanna hospital, according to the Montoursville Police Department's Facebook page. She was taken by ambulance and her husband was left without a way to get to the hospital, Gyurina said.
Though he had a car, the woman's husband told Gyurina he was not comfortable driving since he was still recovering from a recent hip injury. He explained that he did not want to put himself or others in danger if he got behind the wheel.
Montoursville Police Department/AP
That's when Gyurina gave the elderly man the patrol cell phone number. The phone is passed from officer to officer and whoever is on duty patrolling would come and pick him up, he told the man.
A few hours later, the elderly man called the number and Bentley came by to pick him up.
The man's closest relatives were in Maryland, Gyurina told ABC News.
"Hospital staff came out with a wheelchair and took him to his wife's bedside in the emergency room,” the department posted.
“Most police do this kind of thing," Gyurina said, "day in and day out."
State officials say that they're making changes to Illinois' newly-designed license plates to make them easier to read.
The Springfield State Journal-Register reports Secretary of State Jesse White's office has received complaints.
The new licenses, designed by White's office, were rolled out in January. White says the old plates were becoming less reflective, making them harder for authorities to see.
The new plates feature Chicago's skyline, a barn with a windmill, the Capitol and part of Abraham Lincoln's face.
But some, including Caryn King of Springfield, have criticized the new plates. They object to the design combination and say it's hard to read.
White's spokesman Dave Druker says future batches of new plates will have darker ink, among other changes. The office will gradually send replacements for passenger vehicles at no extra cost.
The Bank of Canada has kept its key interest rate target on hold, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming.
The central bank held its target for the overnight rate at 1.25 per cent.
It says while housing resale activity has remained soft, Canada's exports of goods have been more robust than forecast and solid labour income growth supports the expectation that activity will pick up.
The rate is a a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks.
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--ABeam Consulting Thailand Ltd., (Head Office: Bangkok; Managing Director: Ichiro Hara), a subsidiary of ABeam Consulting Ltd. (Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo; President: Toshinori Iwasawa), announced today that it has established a mission-critical system for the Thai manufacturing company Bangkok Glass Public Company Limited (Head Office: Bangkok; Director and President: Mr. Pavin Bhirom Bhakdi). This system became fully operational at its 9 companies in Thailand, in March 2018. It will be implemented gradually across Bangkok Glass's other business units in the future.
Background of implementation and outline of the new system
Founded in 1974, Bangkok Glass specializes in the manufacture, sale and export of glass and packaging products and is developing business not only in Thailand but also across Asia. Bangkok Glass has been steadily expanding its business since the company was founded. In anticipation of future growth, they decided to renew the mission-critical system that had been in use for many years in order to standardize the business processes and systems that were becoming more diversified and individualized for each office.
Following an evaluation process, Bangkok Glass decided to implement SAP S/4HANA, SAP's next generation ERP business suite built on SAP's in-memory computing platform, and selected ABeam Consulting as an implementation partner. The mission-critical business system developed on the new ERP platform standardized business processes and unified the IT infrastructure, which were previously spread out over ten offices. In addition to covering a series of mission-critical businesses such as accounting, production and logistics, the use of SAP Fiori ® made it possible to access the system from a variety of channels.
The role of ABeam Consulting
ABeam Consulting fully supported the project from concept planning and requirement definition to business process design, system operation and operation migration. ABeam Consulting managed to implement the new system in their 9 companies in period of fourteen months. ABeam Consulting consultants participated in the project and efficiently supported the standardization of business processes and system implementation by using unique methodology and tools based on its excellent track record.
ABeam Consulting will continue to support Bangkok Glass to strengthen its corporate competitiveness through the results of this mission-critical system renewal.
About ABeam Consulting
ABeam Consulting provides business transformation services that create strategic advantage, improve business processes, leverage technology innovation and enhance organizational performance for leading multinational and domestic companies worldwide. ABeam partners with our clients to diagnose and solve their real challenges with solutions that combine industry and operational best practices with technical expertise. Pragmatic approaches ensure that clients gain measurable value more quickly. Headquartered in Tokyo, ABeam's 5,000 professionals serve more than 700 clients throughout Asia, the Americas and Europe. For more information, please visit http://www.abeam.com/
Note: “ABeam” and the ABeam logo are registered trademarks in Japan and trademarks of ABeam Consulting Ltd in other countries. Other names and brands appearing in this text may be claimed as the property of others.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006632/en/
CONTACT: For further information, please contact:
ABeam Consulting Ltd.
Wakana Kabasawa, +81-3-6700-8277
Manager, Corporate Communication Unit
wkabasawa@abeam.com
FAX: +81-3-6700-8145
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC THAILAND JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY INTERNET SOFTWARE MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS PACKAGING PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ACCOUNTING CONSULTING
SOURCE: ABeam Consulting Ltd.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:00 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006632/en
Getty Image
Kobe Bryant may not watch an awful lot of NBA basketball anymore — at least that's what he says — but that doesn't mean the recently retired future Hall of Famer has disconnected himself from watching hoops completely. Bryant is among the biggest proponents of the WNBA and regularly tweets about the women's game, like Diana Taurasi becoming the league's all-time leading scorer.
Bryant's love for the WNBA comes from both his love of basketball and being the father of three daughters. In a recent video for the WNBA, Bryant explained why the league is so great for basketball fans and especially for young girls looking for inspiration as female athletes.
Bollywood actress Sushmita Sen was a delight to watch when she regally floated down the ramp on "Umrao Jaan" hit song "In aankhon ki masti" wearing a lehenga, glittering choli and diaphanous dual dupattas by brand Kotwara by Meera and Muzaffar Ali at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2018. The designers showcased a collection titled "Samanzar - A Garden of Flowers" for their Kotwara label. The exotic regal occasion wear was royal attire, dappled with a generous dose of pearls and sequins. The flowing capes and shrugs that adorned the classic shararas and saris were visions of beauty as they floated down the ramp on glamorous models.
Former beauty queen Sushmita Sen was a delight to watch when she regally floated down the ramp on “Umrao Jaan” hit song “In aankhon ki masti” wearing a lehenga, glittering choli and diaphanous dual dupattas by brand Kotwara by Meera and Muzaffar Ali at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2018, here. The designers showcased a collection titled “Samanzar – A Garden of Flowers” for their Kotwara label. Sama Ali, daughter of Meera and Muzaffar Ali presented Chikankari in a unique manner, which was quite incomparable. The addition of zardozi, aari and muqquaish to the delicate Chikankari embroidery, raised the design sensibilities to a more contemporary level.
The exotic regal occasion wear was royal attire, dappled with a generous dose of pearls and sequins. The flowing capes and shrugs that adorned the classic shararas and saris were visions of beauty as they floated down the ramp on glamorous models. The beauty of the Awadhi craft was heightened by the choice of fabrics like fine muslin and sheer chiffons that came to life with the rich velvets and brocades. The show opened with a line of pristine white creations. Kurtas with billowy sleeves, capris teamed with angarkhas and dupattas, while perky boleros added charm to the serene kurtas sprinkled with silver dazzle.
At times, cropped pants brought a hint of the fusion look which blended perfectly with the ensembles. The black line was stunning with lace capris and embroidery that twinkled like the stars. The entry of a magnificent white long, tiered, sheer, creation with gold insets, edged with tassels was a regal tulle robe that floated down the runway and looked splendid over a white embroidered kurti and tiered skirt. Here was an ensemble that was indeed fit for royalty. Shararas looked regal when they were teamed with kurtas and dupattas of ethereal elegance, wide palazzos, a corset floor-length kurta with a mini cape and saris with bell-sleeved blouses looked as fresh as the morning dew on a summer's day.
Adding more drama, there were black saris with floor-kissing net capes, a quartet of lehenga/choli/bolero/dupatta in black and ivory and the kurta with a tiered tulle sharara and matching dupatta were creations that one can only dream of. Sushmita looked no less than a bride with a million dollar smile when she showed her elegance on the runway while taking the walk. “Magical was the feeling while walking the runway. I always love walking Athe runway in Mumbai. I feel like I am home with my family and people are hooting for me. Looking royal is very easy with House of Kotwara,” she said.
The “Samanzar – A Garden of Flowers” collection created by Sama Ali for the Kotwara label by Meera and Muzaffar Ali was a luxurious line of traditional formal wear, in an amazing collage of textiles and crafts that had timeless appeal. The look created by Lakme makeup expert Donald Simrock was “a little something” as he called it. The look featured an extensive line with a chalk of black and a fair amount of mascara on the eyes.
A gag about Prime Minister Theresa May has won a national competition to write the best modern Christmas cracker joke.
The best line was voted to be: "Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager? She couldn't run a stable government", which was penned by Samuel Williams, 35, from Kent.
Gags about Donald Trump, Brexit, Southern Rail and Ryanair also proved popular in the annual competition by UKTV channel Gold.
The second placed joke was: "Why don't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars? They want to open the doors themselves", while "What's the difference between Ryanair and Santa? Santa flies at least once a year", came third.
The entries were submitted via Twitter and shortlisted by a panel of judges led by comedy critic Bruce Dessau before being put to a public vote of 2,000 British adults.
Dessau said: "In a world that seems to have turned upside down in recent years, there is something wonderfully reassuring about the fact that people have still retained their sense of humour and come up with some inspired gags for this year's Gold Christmas Crackers competition.
"The subjects of the jokes that were entered reflects the issues that concern the country today: from Brexit and Donald Trump to Bruce Forsyth and Southern Rail, people have still been able to find the funny side."
Williams will receive £1,500 towards a holiday and a box of bespoke Gold Christmas Crackers, one of which will contain his own gag.
The top 10 jokes were voted to be:
1. Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager? She couldn't run a stable government.
2. Why don't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars? They want to open the doors themselves.
3. What's the difference between Ryanair and Santa? Santa flies at least once a year.
4. Kim Jong-un will play Santa this year in the South's annual pantomime. He said he fancied a Korea change.
5. Why did Donald Trump continuously decorate the Christmas tree? Because people kept saying "moron" to him.
6. Why was the planned Ryanair TV documentary scrapped? They were unable to air a pilot.
7. Which TV Christmas special is being filmed in Brussels this year? Deal Or No Deal.
8. Theresa May has asked Santa for a home makeover this year. First thing on the list was a new Cabinet.
9. What did Bruce Forsyth say when the Christmas pheasant repeated on him? "Good game, good game".
10. Why did Jeremy Corbyn ask people not to eat sprouts on Christmas Day? He wants to give peas a chance.
SYDNEY (AP) — A hotel valet had a lucky escape — but the luxury sports car he was trying to park did not.
Australian media say the valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney.
Emergency workers cut the driver out from the Porsche as a large crowd watched. The driver was reported to be unhurt.
The larger vehicle was propped up and its wheels were anchored so the vehicles could be separated. The black Porsche, its hood and front bumper crunched and dented, was then backed onto a tow truck.
Witness Jonathan Bayle told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. he thought a television show or movie was being shot.
An American knockoff of a Japanese dessert craze is coming to Orange County. (Courtesy Bear Cheese Tart)
An American knockoff of a Japanese dessert craze is coming to Orange County. (Courtesy Bear Cheese Tart)
An American knockoff of a Japanese dessert craze is coming to Orange County. (Courtesy Bear Cheese Tart)
An American knockoff of a Japanese dessert craze is coming to Orange County. (Courtesy Bear Cheese Tart)
An American knockoff of a Japanese dessert craze is coming to Orange County. (Courtesy Bear Cheese Tart)
An American knockoff of a Japanese dessert craze is coming to Orange County. (Courtesy Bear Cheese Tart)
Get ready for cheesy molten goodness.
A new local food brand is bringing cheese tarts, a Japanese dessert craze, to Union Market Tustin at The District later this summer.
Popular in Japan, Malaysia and Australia, the tiny pastries are made with several kinds of cheese “set in a crisp shortcrust shell for a creamy, savory treat with just a touch of sweet,” according to media reps for Union Market. The $3 tarts will be baked daily in-house by Bear Cheese Tart, a new concept looking to bring its version of the tarts to America.
Related Articles Retail-restaurant roundup: Creamistry expands; Perfect Circle Cupcakery reopens; Mattern has new owners
Golden State Warriors win earns America a free taco from Taco Bell
4 Orange County restaurant closures include Surfas cooking supply warehouse and 37-year icon The Golden Truffle
Retail-restaurant roundup: Ivivva, Deadern's to close stores; free Hello Kitty wine
Taco Bell's ‘Steal a Game, Steal a Taco' challenge starts June 1 with NBA Finals Seasonal flavors will include mango, chocolate, strawberry and blueberry. The latter is the original fruit flavor sold by Bake Cheese Shop, a Hokkaido, Japan bakery credited for launching the cheese tart craze.
Shannon Campbell, marketing director for The District at Tustin Legacy, claims Bear Cheese Tart will be the first store “to bring the famed Hokkaido-style baked cheese tarts right here to Orange County.”
Bear Cheese Tart, whose parent company is U.S. Asia Capital, is expected to open in July across from Market 2 Plate at Union Market food hall, according to The District.
The restaurant company, whose investors are from Asia, has plans to open more stores in the U.S.
What fans are saying on Twitter:
PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Famous for blending pop, reggae and Latin genres, KC and The Sunshine Band will bring its unique sound found in hits — such as “Get Down Tonight” and “That's the Way (I Like It)” — to The Event Center at SugarHouse Casino on Saturday, August 11, at 8 p.m. Tickets for the band's show will go on sale on Friday, April 27, and cost from $59 to $79.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006286/en/
KC and The Sunshine Band will perform at The Event Center at SugarHouse Casino on Saturday, August 11, at 8 p.m. (Photo: Business Wire)
Delivering feel-good music for more than 37 years, the “sunshine sound” that originated from the lead singer's Florida roots earned KC and The Sunshine Band four No. 1 records and multiple Grammy, People's Choice and American Music awards. Other infectious tracks from the band include “Boogie Shoes,” “Rock Your Baby” and “Sound Your Funky Horn.”
KC and The Sunshine Band was an immediate success with the release of its first studio album in 1973, “Blow Your Whistle,” which landed a spot in the top 15 on the R&B charts. Two years later, the band released its second album, “KC and The Sunshine Band,” which went triple platinum and won an American Music Award for Best R&B Artist.
Throughout the band's many years of making music, it has sold more than 100 million records, sharing its fusion of music genres with fans worldwide. KC and The Sunshine Band continues to keep the 1970s disco era alive with its timeless classics that reach many generations.
Find more information about KC and The Sunshine Band on its official website, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Tickets for KC and The Sunshine Band's show and for all SugarHouse performances — including Night Ranger (April 27), Cheech and Chong (May 5), The B-52s (June 1), Vic DiBitetto (June 2; limited tickets available), Supertramp's Roger Hodgson (July 13) and Cedric “The Entertainer” & Friends (July 21) — can be purchased on the SugarHouse Casino headliner events page.
In addition to live performances and concerts, The Event Center at SugarHouse Casino can be reserved for a variety of occasions, including weddings, corporate receptions, seminars, trade shows and more. The space features floor-to-ceiling windows and panoramic views of the Delaware River waterfront and the Ben Franklin Bridge. Parking is always free.
ABOUT SUGARHOUSE CASINO
SugarHouse, which opened in September 2010 as Philly's casino, features 1,891 slots, 103 table games, a 28-table poker room, fun and unique dining options, riverfront views, and free on-site parking. The casino employs approximately 1,500 people and has been voted a “Best Place to Work” by the Philadelphia Business Journal for seven consecutive years and a “Top Workplace” by Philly.com for six straight years. For more information, visit SugarHouseCasino.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006286/en/
CONTACT: For SugarHouse Casino
Jeff Shurilla, 267-932-8760, ext. 304
jeff@hornercom.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT CASINO/GAMING MUSIC CELEBRITY GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT EVENTS/CONCERTS
SOURCE: SugarHouse Casino
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:33 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:33 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006286/en
Many former Hezbollah supporters in the Arab world soured on the Iran-backed group when it entered the war in support of the authoritarian government of President Bashar al-Assad, whose violent crackdown on political protests in 2011 turned into a brutal six-and-a-half-year civil war that has displaced more than 11 million Syrians.
The Syrian government's counterinsurgency crackdown included bombing and besieging Palestinian refugee camps, where there was some support for the Syrian rebels. That, too, led Palestinian and other Arab critics to complain that Hezbollah had strayed from its roots of resisting Israeli occupation and abetted in the oppression not only of Syrians, but also of Palestinian refugees in Syria.
Hezbollah is still believed to have thousands of troops in Syria, and Mr. Nasrallah, who spoke from an undisclosed location, made no suggestion that they would leave anytime soon.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
On Monday, demonstrators marched down a road in the southern Beirut neighborhood that houses Hezbollah's headquarters, chanting “Death to Israel! Death to America!” and “Zionists must die, die, so Jerusalem doesn't die!”
Both the Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capitals. Israel captured East Jerusalem in 1967 and annexed it in a move that was never officially recognized by the international community.
Although Israel controls the entire city, both sides agreed in 1993 that its status would be resolved through peace negotiations. Critics, including many Palestinians, say Mr. Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital derails that process, which was already stagnant.
Alaa Dahab, a half-Palestinian, half-Lebanese teenager who grew up in Gaza, attended the rally on Monday to show her support for Hezbollah.
“We are with anyone that loves, helps and resists for Palestine,” she said.
The rally included a diverse group of people of varying ideologies, religions and nationalities — Islamists and communists, Muslims and Christians, Palestinians and Lebanese. Palestinian refugees were bused from refugee camps around Lebanon in what has become a staple in a week of protests against the Jerusalem decision.
Mirna Mhawesh, 16, a Palestinian who traveled to the rally from the Shatila refugee camp, said, “We are here because we can't do anything from here except show Palestinians inside Palestine that we're with them.”
UPDATE: Officials say Cedric Davis has been located.
ORIGINAL: The West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office is seeking the public's assistance finding a missing man.
Cedric Davis, 46, was last seen leaving his house in Brusly on Friday, June 9. He was wearing a yellow t-shirt and blue jeans.
Officials say Davis suffers from a mental condition that requires medical treatment.
Anyone with information on Davis' whereabouts should call WBRSO at 225-343-9234 or call Crime Stoppers at 225-344-7867.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Photo
WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Saturday that a partisan memo released by House Republicans “totally vindicates” him in the investigation into Russian election interference, complaining that the “witch hunt” would go “on and on” even though there had been no collusion or obstruction of justice.
Mr. Trump, who is in Florida for the weekend, took to Twitter to proclaim his innocence and denounce the investigation a day after the release of the highly contentious classified memo, which he had authorized to be made public. The document claimed that top law enforcement officials had abused their powers to spy on a Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page, who was suspected of being an agent of Russia.
The memo, while trying to paint the origins of the Russia investigation as tainted, did nothing to clear Mr. Trump of either collusion or obstruction — the lines of inquiry being pursued by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III.
The memo in fact undermined Republicans' effort to cast doubt on the roots of the investigation by confirming that the inquiry was already underway when law enforcement officials obtained a warrant from a secret intelligence court to conduct surveillance on Mr. Page.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Republican document, which Democrats dismissed as containing cherry-picked information and focusing on an obscure figure in the Trump campaign, confirms that a primary factor in the opening of the investigation in July 2016 was initial contacts between a former Trump foreign policy adviser, George Papadopoulos, and Russian intermediaries.
But Republicans say the memo raises serious questions. They say the F.B.I. should have told the court that the source of some of the information on which it was basing its request for a warrant involving Mr. Page had been paid by Democrats.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Persian New Year was celebrated with what has become a traditional event in Anaheim Hills.
The annual Norooz festival at the East Anaheim Gymnasium on Saturday, March 17, was started 15 years ago by a group of mothers who wanted to share to the cultural ceremony with the community, said PJ Jafari in an email. It first was held at the Canyon Hills Library, but moved to the gymnasium as it grew.
This year more than 80 children performed to welcome the new year, which is tied to the beginning of spring. Participants greeted each other over tea and sweets.
Tipp offer five finals for €20 06 October 2017
Tipperary club-goers can attend five county finals this weekend for just €20. Tipperary club-goers can attend five county finals this weekend for just €20.
Much has been made of the price of going to GAA matches these days and you will go a long way to find a better deal than the one Tipperary county board are offering for this weekend.
For just €20 (€15 OAP/student), patrons can gain access to five county finals including the SHC decider between Thurles Sarsfields and Borris-Illeigh on Sunday afternoon.
This will be preceded by the Seamus O Riain Cup final between Roscrea and Toomevara, which throws in at 1.15pm.
On Saturday, the intermediate hurling championship final between Gortnahoe-Glengoole and St Mary's Clonmel takes place at Golden, throw in 4pm.
The county minor A and B finals are also down for decision on Saturday as Borrisokane hosts Moyne Templetouhy-Thurles Gaels in the B final at 1.30pm and Templemore hosts the A clash between Morcarkey-Borris and Roscrea at 3pm.
The weekend pass is available at all county final venues or from Lar na Pairce, Thurles. It is hard to see this pass being bettered on value anywhere in the country.
You see the ads, you may buy the products – but do you really know the company from which you're buying? In this Circle Track feature, we get in touch with our advertisers to get more of the story behind their business and how it relates to the short track racing market.
In this edition we caught up with Dave Ely from Diversified Machine/Bulldog Rear Ends to find out more about the company based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Circle Track: What year did the business start?
Dave Ely: 1991 by Jim and Tammy Haines.
CT: How did it get started?
DE: The business actually started servicing the food processing industry. One of the early employees was involved in sprint car racing and Jim was always a car enthusiast. They began making products for other companies in the industry before the DMI product line was released in 2001.
CT: What products do your company offer?
DE: Quick change rears for all genres of the short track industry. Additionally all the suspension, steering and driveline components for sprint cars, midgets and micro sprints.
CT: How do these products help racers?
DE: Our products provide a great return on your investment. Our components aren't the cheapest. However, over time they'll give you better service life and allow you the opportunity to work on making your racecar faster rather than repairing or replacing a cheaper lower quality component.
CT: What question(s) do you get most frequently about your product?
DE: Why is my new quick change so tight to turn? We explain that unlike some of the other manufacturers a magnesium rear from us is REALLY 100% magnesium. We've spent many hours of R&D and track time to develop the specs we build our rears to. Trust us it'll be good.
CT: Do you have a good tech tip to share that we might not know about?
DE: Have pride in your components and they'll treat you well in return. Proper maintenance and cleanliness on anything will save you money in the long run. It's not a coincidence that the guys who always have trouble look like they haven't washed their racecar in a year.
CT: Tell us about your facility.
DE: It was purchased in August of 2003. Its 66,000 square feet and we probably utilize about 50,000 sq/ft. We have 7 CNC lathes, 7 CNC mills, numerous gear shaping and hobbing equipment in addition to one wire EDM machine. Anytime a racer is in Lancaster, PA and wants to see our facility we have an open door policy. I give tours almost every day.
CT: Why should a racer buy your product?
DE: They should buy our product because of our customer support and the peace of mind knowing they're buying an American made component. There are lots of good components in the market however I don't believe any other company supports their customers as well as we do. If you don't believe me just ask anyone you see with the DMI logo on their car.
CT: What is your favorite racing venue?
DE: When I drove I loved Grandview Speedway and Rolling Wheel Raceway. Polar opposites but my faves. Since I retired and my son started racing micro sprints I've been to some different facilities. I really like Clyde Martin Memorial Speedway. Awesome racing, great facility and its 20 minutes from my house.
CT: What is one thing you wish you could change about the industry?
DE: I believe that for every action there is some sort of reaction. When things run their natural course everything just works out. In my opinion nothing needs changed. People just need to figure out where they fit in, support it, go to the races and have fun. Negativity breeds negativity and doesn't help the other racers, the track or the fans. What fan wants to pay $25 to see some racer who doesn't look like they want to be there?
CT: What products do you have in the pipeline?
DE: We never stop thinking and developing. I can't say that anything new is really being pushed on today (September 6) but if you were to ask the week before PRI we'd have about a hundred things in the pipeline!
SOUTHAMPTON, England (AP) — Southampton equaled its longest winless run in the Premier League with a 1-1 draw against Brighton on Wednesday.
Defender Jack Stephens' second goal in as many games secured a point for the Saints after Glenn Murray's penalty had given Brighton an early lead.
Southampton has now failed to win in 12 Premier League games, equaling its run between December 1994 and March 1995, and finds itself in the relegation zone.
Brighton is just one point above Southampton and has won just one of its previous 14 league matches, leaving it perilously placed.
However, Brighton managed to score its first away goal in the Premier League for seven games. Murray calmly converted from the spot in the 14th minute after Solly March was fouled by Wesley Hoedt.
Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg hit the crossbar for Southampton as he charged down Brighton 'keeper Mat Ryan's clearance, but the home side would have to wait until after halftime to draw level.
It was Stephens, who scored the winner at Watford in the FA Cup last weekend, who delivered once more, deftly flicking James Ward-Prowse's free kick into the net in the 64th.
Both clubs threw on their newly-signed strikers in search of a winner, but neither Southampton's Guido Carillo nor Brighton's Leandro Ulloa could make the difference.
Runners and supporters planning to attend this year's Great North Run can buy their transport tickets ahead of time by ordering special wristbands.
First launched by Nexus in 2011, this year's Metro wristbands, which are valid on Metro in all zones, the Shields Ferry and Northern trains between Newcastle and Sunderland, are now on sale ahead of the event next month.
The wristbands double as transport tickets to make life easier for thousands of runners and supporters alike ahead of the race, which is taking place on September 10.
John Fenwick, director of finance and resources at Nexus, said: “The Great North Run wristbands are ideal for anyone taking part in the event.
“For runners and spectators alike, they will save you having to queue at a ticket machine. If you're a runner then you don't need to worry where your Metro ticket is after the race."
The wristbands are available to buy at all Nexus Travel Shops, and online here.
There are six different types of ticket available as wristbands, including single, return and weekend fares.
Moose chases group of snowboarders in Colorado Moose chases group of snowboarders speeding down mountain in Breckenridge, Colorado. "I was more concerned with not falling and being trampled," said one.
Moose transfixed by tire swing Every day for the last two years at his home in Colorado, John Woods has been visited by a friendly moose that plays with his backyard tire swing.
12:57 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Operation underway to clear mines in Golan The Clearance Authority is currently carrying out an explosion of about 300 mines in the Golan Heights.
Loading....
► ◄ Last Briefs
When a Russian journalist critical of the Kremlin is seemingly gunned down in Kiev – and then is revealed to have been faking his death as part of a geopolitical sting – it is quite rightly headline news in the West.
But a state-supported campaign to silence media critics in pro-Europe Ukraine isn't getting much notice at all. And human rights monitors say that needs to change.
While many of those targeted have been Russian – and thus claimed by Kiev as legitimate casualties of Ukraine's “information war” with Russia – an increasing number are Ukrainian, and whose offenses appear solely to have been criticism of the government's policies. More disturbing, analysts say, is the role of ultra-nationalist street gangs, who have besieged the offices of critical news outlets, threatened journalists, harassed LGBT activists, and dispersed meetings with seeming impunity, while police stood by and watched.
Recommended: European IdentityEuropean Identity: Full series
“It's extremely worrying to see Ukraine adopt methods that seem straight out of the Kremlin toolbox, especially since Ukraine is a country that has chosen a different path and declared that its future lies with Europe,” says Tanya Cooper, Ukraine researcher at the New York-based Human Rights Watch. “By cracking down on free expression, and ignoring their international legal obligations, they are losing sight of that future.”
A MEDIA CRACKDOWN IN UKRAINE?
Kiev has developed a reputation as an unsafe city for journalists, with two murdered there since 2015. On Tuesday, Arkadiy Babchenko, a Russian journalist and critic of the Kremlin, appeared to have been number three, after being reported to have been killed by an unknown gunman. Mr. Babchenko's apparent death made international headlines, especially as Russia was accused of being behind it.
But during a Wednesday press conference held by the Ukrainian security service (SBU), Babchenko walked out uninjured: his “murder” was an SBU ruse meant to root out people who were attempting to kill him. The shocking turn made an already dramatic media story that much more so – and highlighted just how chaotic Ukraine can be.
But behind the “stranger than fiction” Babchenko saga, a more mundane but grinding campaign is going on against journalists, media critics say.
Ukrainian authorities insist they are fighting Russian propaganda and, indeed, the primary targets of the crackdown have been Russian journalists, news outlets, and even movies and TV serials.
Last week President Petro Poroshenko published a decree extending sanctions against 1,748 Russian individuals and 746 entities, including a ban on most Russian media outlets. Dozens of Russian journalists have been expelled in recent years. On May 15, the SBU raided the Kiev offices of the Russian state-run news agency RIA-Novosti and arrested its chief, Kirill Vyshynsky, a dual Russian/Ukrainian citizen, on suspicion of treason.
But growing numbers of solely Ukrainian news organizations are also coming under pressure from the SBU for airing criticisms of government policies, particularly on issues like conduct of the war in the east, relations with Russia, and military conscription. In an open letter to Mr. Poroshenko last September, the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) cited an expanding pattern of repression against independent journalists and bloggers who step over those lines.
Government supporters say there's a war going on and Russian disinformation needs to be countered. They say the claims of “media crackdown” are inventions aimed at blocking efforts to defend the country from “information attack” and blackening Ukraine's name.
“There is no attack against the mass media in Ukraine, not on the internet, TV, or printed press,” says Olga Bodnar, a parliamentary deputy with Yulia Tymoshenko's BYuT bloc. “There are just some questions being asked about the information policies of a number of [news outlets]. These charges are garbage, aimed to escalate tensions and make Ukraine look bad.”
Other analysts say the attacks are narrowly focused, aiming to tar any dissent over Ukraine's radical de-communization laws, anti-war sentiment, or desire for better relations with Russia as treasonous.
“These are not general repressions but selective attacks against mass media seen as affiliated or associated with Russia. It's intended to have a public effect, to create the impression there is an ideological struggle going on and information needs to be protected,” says Vadim Karasyov, director of the independent Institute of Global Strategies in Kiev. “Russia is blamed for the growing influence of pacifist and anti-nationalist moods, which the authorities find very worrisome.”
Dozens of girls and young women in countries around the globe are proving you don't need superpowers to fight for justice, equality and peace.
After traveling to 13 countries to visit 15 girl-led nonprofits, photojournalist Paola Gianturco has collected their stories in a new book, "Wonder Girls: Changing Our World." The project features the stories of 90 young female activists transforming the world around them using their intelligence, determination, creativity, and dreams.
Between 2013 and 2016, Gianturco spent one week with each nonprofit while her 11-year-old co-author and granddaughter, Alex Sangster, interviewed them via FaceTime. Gianturco said she was "dazzled" by what she saw.
"Throughout my research, I felt as if I were watching Trojan horses. Most people don't expect young girls to speak truth to power or to be strategic and effective. Their age works to their advantage; their creative approaches, stamina, and resilience catch people off guard and win them," Gianturco wrote in the book. "Some people perceive them as 'the future.' But right now, they are enhancing education, health, equality and the environment — and stopping child marriage, domestic violence, trafficking, and war."
Moreover, she said 100 percent of the author royalties from "Wonder Girls" go to the Global Fund for Women, which supports girl-led groups around the world.
Here's a glimpse at some of the stories the girls shared with the book's authors.
Indonesia
Two sisters from Bali are campaigning to get their island home to eliminate plastic bags.
Growing up in an area where plastic waste lines roadsides and engulfs beaches, Melati and Isabel Wijsen were aware of the negative impact of plastic. At the age of 12 and 10, respectively, the sisters were inspired to take action after learning about world leaders and activists in school, including Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King Jr.
"I said to Isabel, 'Don't we want to be like them? Don't we want to do something to make the world better?'" Melati Wijsen said. "We sat here on this bench and made a list of problems in Bali ... For us, garbage was the biggest thing."
Paola Gianturco
Plastic waste in the Southeast Asian nation, which lies at the heart of the Coral Triangle, accounts for 10 percent of marine plastic pollution, according to findings in a 2015 study led by Jenna Jambeck, an environmental engineer at the University of Georgia.
Bali's residents and visitors alone dump 5,000 tons of solid garbage every day, of which up to 30 percent is plastic, according to the ROLE (Rivers, Oceans, Lands Ecology) Foundation, a nonprofit based in Nusa Dua, Bali.
Melati and Isabel Wijsen decided to focus their efforts on eliminating the use of plastic bags in Bali. In 2013, the sisters started a nonprofit organization called Bye Bye Plastic Bags.
"Everybody uses plastic bags. People toss them from cars, put them in bins, and where do they go? Into rice fields, rivers, the ocean," Melati Wijsen said.
The sisters collected thousands of signatures in their bid to get the local government to support the initiative. But nearly two years passed and they were still unable to meet with Bali's governor, Mangku Pastika.
"We thought, 'This is it.' So we sent a letter saying that we were going on a hunger strike," Isabel Wijsen said, noting that they performed the strike only from sunrise to sunset, avoided doing too much activity and drank coconut water throughout the day.
Paola Gianturco
Twenty-four hours later, the girls received a phone call from the governor's office to set up a meeting in which he signed a memorandum of understanding to help Bali become free of plastic bags by January 2018.
"Today, we work with the government to make sure that they are keeping their promise," Isabel Wijsen said.
Now, Melati and Isabel Wijsen have recruited a volunteer team of about 30 students from schools across Bali. They organize clean-ups of villages and beaches, ask shops to stop using plastic bags and encourage locals to use reusable ones. Alternatives include bags made from cotton or recycled newspaper, or even banana leaves.
The youth-driven initiative has taken the sisters around the world, to London to deliver a TED talk in 2015 and to New York to address the United Nations for World Oceans Day 2017 in June. The girls said they have even expanded the Bye Bye Plastic Bags team to Indonesia's capital city, Jakarta, and other countries around the globe, including Australia, Singapore, the Philippines, Myanmar, China, Mexico and the United States.
"We have a lot of kids spreading the word now," Melati Wijsen said. "It's really cool."
Growing up in rural Malawi, Joyce Mkandawire and Faith Phiri know all too well the hurdles girls and young women face in pursuing an education. The southeastern African nation has one of the highest rates of child marriage in the world, with approximately one in every two girls are married by the age of 18, according to a 2016 report by the United Nations children's fund (UNICEF).
A survey by Human Rights Watch, published in 2014, links the high prevalence of early marriages in Malawi to poverty, teenage pregnancy and lack of adequate education.
Societal pressures, customs, and sexual violence force girls to abandon their education, get married and have children. In some rural areas, the traditional practice "kupimbira" is used, in which poor families marry off their young daughters to settle debts or for financial gain, according to the Human Rights Watch survey.
Phiri said it's even common for teachers in primary schools to abuse girl students. One in every five girls in Malawi are sexually abused by the time they turn 18, according to a 2015 study by UNICEF.
"Growing up in Kasungu, lots of girls were dropping out of school. There were pressures on me to drop out, and rape attempts at home and at school. But I survived," Phiri said. "From that moment, I thought a lot about girls going through the same challenges, girls who had been abused and discouraged."
Paola Gianturco
Mkandawire excelled in school and was accepted to a university, where she studied community development. She did housework in her aunt's house in return for the privilege of attending school. But Mkandawire got pregnant when she was 18 and could no longer do the work, forcing her to postpone the education she cared about so passionately.
"To me education was everything," Mkandawire said. "I knew there was nothing I could do if I was not educated."
Mkandawire and Phiri met while working at a local non-governmental organization that was interviewing young girls for a UNICEF research project. Together, they heard stories about interrupted educations from teen pregnancies and child marriage that mirrored their own experiences. So they decided to do something about it.
In 2008, Mkandawire and Phiri launched a girl-led organization called the Girls Empowerment Network (GENET) that they hoped would empower girls to fight for their right to education and against practices that make education an almost-impossible dream.
Paola Gianturco
GENET members engage in discussions with village chiefs, traditional authorities, girls, parents, and grandparents. They work with civil society groups to organize marches, walks, radio programs and awareness campaigns. They even rescue girls from early marriages, making them GENET ambassadors and role models, like Alinafe, who had a baby and got married when she was 15.
Alinafe, whose last name was withheld for privacy reasons, lives in the rural village of Chitera in southern Malawi's Chiradzulu district. She dropped out of school to live with her husband and care for their child. But the couple struggled to put food on the table.
"We had no food a lot of times because my husband was not working," Alinafe said.
Alinafe was encouraged to join GENET's group in Chitera, which convinced her to move out of her marriage and return home so she could go back to school. She now lives with her mother, who takes care of her baby, Monica, when she's in class.
Alinafe has never seen Malawi's capital city but she hopes to be an accountant there one day.
"I have big dreams for Monica. I want her to have all the resources she needs to go to school," she said. "Every day, I work hard so she will not face what I faced."
GENET won support from Malawian politician Patricia Kaliati, who fought hard as Minister of Gender, Children and Community Development to table a new marriage bill in parliament. The Marriage, Divorce and Family Relations bill passed unanimously in February 2015 and was signed into law that summer, raising the legal age of marriage in Malawi from 15 to 18 and imposing a 10-year prison sentence on men who marry girls younger than 18.
Earlier this year, Malawi's parliament took another historic step and unanimously adopted an amendment aligning the constitution with the 2015 Marriage, Divorce and Family Relations Act. The move closed a loophole in the constitution that allowed girls as young as 15 to still marry with "parental consent," according to Human Rights Watch.
But overcoming deeply rooted cultural beliefs and traditions, especially in remote, rural areas, remains a challenge. GENET continues to educate the public and the judiciary about the bill, hoping to get it translated into the indigenous language, Chichewa.
United States
As an actress in her early 20s, Diane Luby Lane began performing classic poems throughout the city. She later connected with James Kass while in San Francisco, who is widely credited with helping launch the youth spoken-word movement.
"I saw young people doing spoken-word for the first time. Blew my mind," Lane said.
She realized the power spoken-word, also known as slam poetry, could have on teen literacy and social consciousness in a country where 14 percent of adults are considered illiterate, according to the 2003 National Assessment of Adult Literacy released by the National Center for Education Statistics.
Moreover, California's fourth-graders ranked third from the bottom in a 2015 national reading test conducted by the National Center for Education Statistics.
Paola Gianturco
So in 2006, Lane started a Los Angeles-based nonprofit organization called Get Lit aimed at using spoken-word poetry to increase literacy and stem dropout rates among teens growing up in impoverished neighborhoods. But getting local schools on board with her lesson plan was a challenge at first.
"The Walt Whitman Continuation School is right by my house. After many schools hung up on me, I called them. A woman said, 'Oh it would be such an honor to work with you; our kids feel like they know you already.' She thought I was the actress Diane Lane. I hung up and cried," Lane said. "But I showed up and taught that class. It was a major success."
What began as a one-woman show performed by Lane soon spiraled into lesson plans she taught in a handful of classrooms. Lane has since crafted a curriculum that meets Common Core standards and is currently taught by English and drama teachers in over 100 public high schools in California, reaching tens of thousands of youth each year.
Get Lit participants learn classic poetry, choose a poem that resonates with them and then pen their own three-minute spoken-word responses, which they perform in tandem. According to the organization's website, 97 percent of teachers see a significant increase in attendance, engagement, and grades among their students after participation in Get Lit's "core program."
Students can audition to join the "Get Lit Players," an award-winning classic poetry troupe for teens ages 13 to 19, who perform annually for thousands of their peers. Nearly 100 percent of all Get Lit Players go on to college and almost 75 percent receive scholarships.
Paola Gianturco
One of those poets is Rhiannon McGavin, who first got involved with Get Lit as a freshman in high school. In 2014, McGavin along with two other girl members of Get Lit recited their powerful slam poem "Somewhere in America" on "The Queen Latifah Show." The teens addressed topics like race, discrimination, gun violence and sexual assault.
"Gladys Knight and Gloria Steinem were on the same show. That really hammered home the work that we are doing, not just with poetry but within our own communities and neighborhoods," McGavin said. "It demonstrated to us the collective power of activism and feminism."
McGavin was later named the 2016-2017 Youth Poet Laureate of Los Angeles. She published a poetry book, "Branches," in June.
"To be so young and to have so many opportunities, and to know that these opportunities are coming both because you work hard and because people love you and want to see you succeed is wondrous," McGavin said.
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, according to his lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied his request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he is due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You can't say that Warner Bros. and TellTale Games don't know how to take advantage of the blockbuster superhero movie release schedules. Back in February, Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 released a special Black Panther DLC pack just in time for that film's premiere. Now they're following suit again for the biggest Marvel movie yet.
On Tuesday, you will be able to pick up the Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War Character and Level Pack for just $2.99 — provided you already own Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2, of course. As you can see in the trailer above, the main draw is an astonishingly adorable Thanos in minifig form, with whom you'll be able to terrorize the itty-bitty little Lego Marvel Universe. That sounds and looks way more delightful than it probably should be.
From the TT Games press release:
This action-packed level offers players the chance to control Thanos, one of the most dangerous Super Villains in the Marvel Universe, and his ruthless army. The Mad Titan and the Children of Thanos have invaded Attilan to take on Black Bolt and the Inhumans in an all-new original game level. Working as a team, the menacing crew must work their way through the various levels of Attilan before they are given the opportunity to break through to Black Bolt's throne. New unlockable characters Thanos, Corvus Glaive, Cull Obsidian, Proxima Midnight, Ebony Maw, Hulkbuster 2.0, and Groot (Avengers: Infinity War) add to the main game's roster of over 200 Super Heroes and Super Villains.
While $2.99 certainly sounds like a good deal, the Season Pass option for $14.99 gives you themed DLC for the already-released Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Black Panther, Runaways, and Cloak & Dagger content, and the upcoming Champions, Out of Time, and Agents of Atlas packs. That's a whooole lot of Marvel goodies and goodness if you're into the Lego video game aesthetic.
Found:
2 Basset Hounds wearing shock collars on Mt. Carmel Rd. in Camden
586-7207
For Sale Items:
32 VHS Disney Movies $20 for all
Charlie Brown VHS movies $8.00 each
(731)586-2373
hospital bed $100
(731)584-1125
1989 Ford Mustang Hatchback, 25th Anniversary Edition, 4 cylinders, 5 speed, great gas mileage, $1,100
1997 Ford Ranger, nothing wrong with it, 4 cylinders, 5 speed, great gas mileage, 109,600 miles
2003 Honda Shadow Spirit 1100, 26,500 miles, not a scratch on it, extras-large windshield, extra foot pegs, lots of chrome, $3,800
(731)441-6342
2 tarpaulins $6
wall mount for 13-32″ flat screen TV $35
VHS deer hunting movies $50
(731)584-5380
1997 Chevy Blazer 4×4, $2,500
14 ft. boat with trailer and battery
1974 Lincoln Continental Mark IV, 2 doors, 87,000 miles, $5,200
(731)441-8231
rain gutters
(731)220-1476, ask for Steve
baby chicks, 3 weeks old, $2 a piece
468-0212
32″ wooden door, comes with glass and frame, nice condition $25
(731)584-8668
wired racks for back of a pickup truck $75
5×8 trailer $350
363-1003
Looking For Items:
wheels, capable of accepting a 5/8 bearing, 14-15″ tall
extra heavy wall 2″ metal pipe
tubing bender
(731)584-6591
someone to remove and clean up a dead tree, requires chainsaw and truck. If you need firewood, you can have the wood free in exchange for removing tree.
(731)333-0321
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Life - Life News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
ABC
The sexual misconduct allegations that were reportedly the reason for Bachelor in Paradise to suspend production on season four have taken an unfortunate turn. Corinne Olympios, the cast member who sources thought to be at the center of the incident, has spoken out and is now claiming that she was a victim of sexual assault.
In a statement to TMZ, Olympios claims that she does not remember anything that happened the night in question, and that she has retained Hollywood lawyer Marty Singer to represent her pending an investigation.
Her full statement reads as follows:
I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.
Bachelor host Chris Harrison previously spoke out regarding the incident, stating that the safety of the cast and crew was of the upmost importance to them, and that it was his “sincere hope that we can come to a quick resolution on this and get back to work very soon.” Given this new development however, the odds of that now seem highly unlikely.
(Via TMZ)
President Trump Says “Filthy” Jay-Z Makes Him “Look Like The Most Clean-Cut Human Being On Earth”
President Trump Says “Filthy” Jay-Z Makes Him “Look Like The Most Clean-Cut Human Being On Earth”
On the campaign trail in Nashville, Tennessee, President Donald Trump didn't address the racist comment by actress Roseanne Barr, but instead directing his attention to Hip Hop mogul Jay-Z.
People continued to wonder as to whether or not Trump would address Barr's tweet comparing former Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett and “ape” and criticizing former Sec. Of State Hillary Clinton.
“The only way she filled up the arena was to get Jay-Z,”
President Donald Trump said as the crowd booed, in support of the comments. “And his language was so filthy it made me look like the most clean-cut human being on Earth.”
Last month, the POTUS took credit for the success of Rosanne's self titled sitcom, but didn't mention the fact that her show was abruptly cancelled.
Earlier, the reports were suggesting that Blackmail actor Irrfan Khan has left for the United States to receive treatment for NeuroEndocrine Tumour. Speculations were rife that Irrfan Khan is in the US to get his tumour treated. On Tuesday morning, Irrfan Khan shared a picture which is but a silhouette of the actor himself. With the picture, he posted an inspiration poem from famous poet Rainer Maria Rilke.
Actor Irrfan Khan is currently in London, UK, undergoing treatment for neuroendocrine tumour, . The actor who had revealed his diagnosis last Friday shared an inspirational poem on Instagram with a photo of his reflection. He also made it clear that he is in the UK for treatment, not the US as assumed earlier. He wrote: God speaks to each of us as he makes us, then walks with us silently out of the night. These are the words we dimly hear: You, sent out beyond your recall, go to the limits of your longing. Embody me. Flare up like a flame and make big shadows I can move in. Let everything happen to you: beauty and terror. Just keep going. No feeling is final. Don't let yourself lose me. Nearby is the country they call life. You will know it by its seriousness. Give me your hand #rainermariarilke.
Last Friday, Irrfan ended all speculation around his rare disease when he tweeted, “Life is under no obligation to give us what we expect: Margaret Mitchell. The unexpected makes us grow, which is what the past few days have been about. Learning that I have been diagnosed with NeuroEndocrine Tumour as of now has had admittedly been difficult, but the love and strength of those around me and that I found within me has brought me to a place of hope. The journey of this is taking me out of the country, and I request everyone to continue sending their wishes. As for the rumours that were floated NEURO is not always about the brain and googling is the easiest way to do research 🙂 To those who waited for my words, I hope to be back with more stories to tell.”
ALSO READ: Alia Bhatt gets injured in Bulgaria on sets of Ayan Mukerji's Brahmastra
ALSO READ: Revealed! Sara Ali Khan to pair opposite Ranveer Singh in Rohit Shetty's Simmba
The actor had said on March 5 that he is suffering from a rare disease but hadn't disclosed its name then. Taking to Twitter, the Hindi Medium actor wrote, “Sometimes you wake up with a jolt with life-shaking you up. The last fifteen days, my life has been a suspense story. Little had I known that my search for rare stories would make me find a rare disease. I have never given up and have always fought for my choices and always will. My family and friends are with me and we are working it out the best way possible. In trying times, please don't speculate as I will myself share with you my story within a week – ten days when the further investigations come with a conclusive diagnosis. Till then, wish the best for me.”
ALSO READ: Priyanka Chopra teaches lesson to sexist reporter who questioned her take on gender equality
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
BRUSSELS (AP) — International efforts to rebuild Syria once the civil war is over should center on agriculture to kick-start the economy and quickly improve the livelihoods of the people, a high-level United Nations official said Tuesday.
In an interview with The Associated Press ahead of an international Syria donors conference, the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization's Deputy Director General Daniel Gustafson said that in case of a return to peace the impact of funding farming would yield almost immediate results.
"If you invest in that, you are going to get a quick return," he said.
Despite seven years of warfare through much of the Middle Eastern nation which also blighted farmland and destroyed facilities, farming still accounts for about a quarter of Syria's gross domestic product.
UN figures show that some $16 billion in production has been lost because of the war and it will take about as much to get the recovery of farming going again. At the two-day Syria conference opening Tuesday, donors from across the globe hope to commit several billion in assistance to alleviate the pressing needs of Syrians. Over $5 billion was committed last year.
Farming in Syria goes back many thousands of years and the nation was long a breadbasket for the area. When the war started almost half the population was still employed in farming.
And despite the horrific war that ravaged orchards and fields, cut the availability of seeds and fertilizers and sent many millions fleeing, half the output survives to this day.
"The resilience of the agriculture sector is an astonishing story. You still have half the production of wheat of what you had before the war" — two million tons, instead of 4 million before the war, Gustafson said.
Still, some 6.5 million people are in urgent need of immediate assistance because they face a lack of food, said Gustafson.
While most of the attention goes to shocking events like bombings or even gas attacks, war in the countryside often has a more creeping effect.
"It is this continuous deterioration of their livelihoods. You cannot get seeds, you cannot sell stuff, you cannot trade, you cannot get spare parts," Gustafson said. "The whole thing just kind of grinds down."
He said that fortunately, the situation can also pick up again soon once the conditions are right, once the right seeds come in again and people and goods are again free to move around the country.
How sure is Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II that retired police officer Arturo Lascañas “is not yet on refugee status in another country?”
Senator Antonio Trillanes IV raised this question on Thursday after Aguirre ordered the International Police (Interpol) to track down Lascañas, who left for Singapore last April 8 or even before he was charged and ordered arrested for the 2003 killing of broadcaster Jun Pala.
Aguirre also ordered the National Bureau of Investigation to conduct an investigation and a case build-up against those who “harbored, financed, and facilitated” Lascañas' flight out of the country.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Aguirre wants Interpol to hunt down Lascañas
But Trillanes, staunch critic of President Rodrigo Duterte, slammed the two directives.
“If there is someone harboring a criminal, then it is Aguirre himself because the mastermind and mass murderer here is his boss, Duterte,” Trillanes said in a statement.
“And if there are people obstructing justice in this case, then they would be the Duterte allies in Congress for railroading the impeachment and terminating the Senate investigations.”
“Moreover, Sec. Aguirre conveniently forgets that Lascañas exited legally through the immigration counter of the Bureau of Immigration, which is under Aguirre's DOJ. As to the Interpol, how sure is Aguirre that Lascañas is not yet on refugee status in another country?” the senator added.
It was Trillanes, who presented Lascañas in a press conference at the Senate to make a claim about Duterte's alleged involvement in the so-called Davao Death Squad (DDS). The former police officer has accused the President of allegedly paying DDS members to kill people when he was still mayor of Davao City. JPV/rga
RELATED STORY
Aguirre wants DFA to cancel Lascañas' passport
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released her new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of her Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about her and to find out a few of her favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actress?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if he had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. (AP) — The Los Angeles Rams have not lost consecutive games this season under Sean McVay, something the first-year coach attributes to the team's mental toughness.
That resolve will be tested next week against the Seattle Seahawks after Sunday's 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, a seven-day span that could decide whether the Rams host a playoff game for the first time since the 2003 season in St. Louis.
"The thing that you have liked about this team so much is they have always responded the right way after we haven't gotten the outcomes that we like," McVay said Monday. "I think we are a mentally tough team. We are a connected team that stays together. We'll respond and bounce back the right way."
A win over the Eagles would have given the Rams (9-4) a two-game lead in the NFC West over the Seahawks, who lost 30-24 at the Jacksonville Jaguars. Seattle holds the head-to-head tiebreaker after its 16-10 win in Los Angeles on Oct. 8.
The Rams also could have gained a tiebreaker over the Eagles in the push for a first-round bye. They hold the edge over the NFC South-leading New Orleans Saints thanks to a 26-20 win on Nov. 26.
Instead, the division title could easily come down to the outcome in Seattle. A loss would leave the Rams needing the Seahawks to lose at least one of their final two games.
Facing the Seahawks might be the best way to get over a loss in a playoff-type atmosphere.
"We've got a great opportunity with the things that took place yesterday to still be in first place in our division and go to a great Seattle team and get a chance to try to go win our 10th game and try to stay on top in the division," McVay said. "It's going to be a great challenge. There's still a lot to play for. In spite of the disappointing outcome, our guys certainly aren't discouraged."
The Rams will head to the Pacific Northwest will injury concerns on the offensive line and at defensive back. Left tackle Andrew Whitworth and right tackle Rob Havenstein are both dealing with MCL sprains that McVay described as "mild." Whitworth returned to the game after getting hurt in the first half. Havenstein left early in the fourth quarter.
"They'll be day to day," McVay said. "Fortunately for us, it didn't result in something that was going to be season-ending."
To address their secondary after losing cornerback Kayvon Webster for the season with a ruptured Achilles tendon, the Rams re-signed cornerback Dominique Hatfield to the practice squad. Hatfield, an undrafted rookie who has appeared in 11 games, was waived from the active roster on Saturday.
There was a bit of positive news, as cornerback Trumaine Johnson is not in concussion protocol. Instead, it was a stinger that knocked Johnson out against the Eagles.
NOTES: Wide receiver Robert Woods and outside linebacker Connor Barwin will both return to practice on Wednesday. Woods has missed four games with a shoulder injury, while Barwin has missed two games after having surgery on his broken forearm.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Uproxx
Since Donald Trump began his campaign for the US presidency, we've heard about the proposed border wall. Some have protested it. Some have cheered it on. Now that Homeland Security is issuing notices to local landowners and requesting proposals for prototypes, it looks as if this thing is really happening. Whether we took it seriously or not, we did have advance notice.
But there are populations that haven't been warned in advance whose numbers will be profoundly affected, in ways that haven't been completely studied or entirely determined. The only thing that we do know is that the effects of border walls on these populations are often unintended, wide-ranging, and significant. What we do know, according to peer-reviewed studies, is that for these populations, border walls “represent a major threat.” We're referring, of course, to wildlife.
From Australia's rabbit-proof fence, to razor-wire fencing between Slovenia and Croatia, to the current U.S.-Mexican border fence, history is rife with examples of barriers that have caused serious problems for animals. Borders — whether made from concrete, barbed wire, mesh, chain link, or razor-fencing — pose obstacles and dangers to the survival of animals at both an individual and species-wide level. If the government's ideal wall design is met (and even if it's bumped down to a more “modest” proposal), we are looking at serious ramifications for the wildlife that exist on either side of our southwest border.
What might that ideal wall look like? According to US Customs and Border Protection, features shall include:
1) The wall design shall be reinforced concrete.
2) The wall design shall be physically imposing in height. The Government's nominal concept is for a 30-foot high wall. Offerors should consider this height, but designs with heights of at least 18 feet may be acceptable. Designs with heights of less than 18 feet are not acceptable.
3) It shall not be possible for a human to climb to the top of the wall or access the top of the wall from either side unassisted (e.g. via the use of a ladder, etc.)
4) The wall design shall include anti-climb topping features that prevent scaling using common and more sophisticated climbing aids (e.g. grappling hooks, handholds, etc.)
5) The wall shall prevent digging or tunneling below it for a minimum of 6 feet below the lowest adjacent grade.
6) The wall shall prevent/deter for a minimum of 1 hour the creation a physical breach of the wall…
7) The north side of wall (i.e. U.S. facing side) shall be aesthetically pleasing in color, anti-climb texture, etc., to be consistent with general surrounding environment. The manufacturing/construction process should facilitate changes in color and texture pursuant to site specific requirements.
8) The wall design shall be able to accommodate surface drainage.
Now try to imagine an existing animal that wouldn't have problems going over, under, or around that. If you thought ‘birds,' put a pin in it; we'll get there, but for now, suffice it to say that the gift of flight isn't a free pass across borders. What are the dangers, exactly, that these animals face, and what animals, exactly, are in danger?
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Cam Newton apologized Thursday night in a Twitter video post for sexist comments made to a female reporter.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the Carolina Panthers quarterback said at the start of the nearly two-minute video. “To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
On Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running, Newton laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others. He said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
“What I did was extremely unacceptable,” Newton said. “I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
Newton also sent a message to the “young people” who follow him.
“Don't be like me,” Newton said. “Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you.”
The NFL quickly released a statement Wednesday saying that Newton's response to the question was “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league.”
However, it doesn't appear there will be any punishment handed out to Newton.
“I think there are conversations going on at the club level with the appropriate people, with the Panthers,” NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said in a conference call Thursday. “I don't want to anticipate the league stepping in there.”
Newton's remarks have proven costly.
Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, cut ties with spokesman Newton on Thursday. Company spokesman Michael Neuwirth released a statement saying it was “shocked and disheartened” at the former league MVP's behavior and comments.
Panthers coach Ron Rivera addressed the situation briefly during his press conference Thursday, saying, “I think Cam made a mistake. I understand he had a conversation where he pretty much said he shouldn't have said what he said.”
Rodrigue issued a statement Wednesday evening saying she and Newton did speak after the news conference, but said the quarterback didn't apologize for his remarks.
Rodrigue was back in the locker room Thursday, flanked by Mike Persinger, the executive sports editor of The Charlotte Observer.
She issued an apology herself Thursday after coming under fire for using a racial slur in tweets she posted about four years ago. The tweets were first reported by BlackSportsOnline.com.
“I apologize for the offensive tweets form my Twitter account from 4/5 years ago,” Rodrigue said on her Twitter account. “There is no excuse for these tweets and the sentiment behind them. I am deeply sorry and apologize.”
Rodrigue was a college student at Arizona State at the time of the tweets. When asked about the tweets, Persinger said “she has owned them and apologized for them.”
Newton's teammate, Thomas Davis, said he doesn't think the issue will affect the team as it prepares for the game against Detroit on Sunday.
“He's going to have to deal with that moving forward,” Davis said about Newton. “I feel like it's a situation he's going to handle and he's going to handle it well. But for us as a football team we'll remain focused on Detroit.”
Persinger said Wednesday evening that Newton's comments were “unfortunate and out of line.”
The Associated Press Sports Editors announced that it “agrees wholeheartedly that Mr. Newton's response was out of line” and “we ask for a formal apology to Jourdan Rodrigue from Mr. Newton and the Carolina Panthers organization.”
The Tillers wrapped up the regular season with a 43-25 victory over Cypress on Feb. 9. Ballestero had 12 points, Hermanson 11 and Barner 10 points.
She and Bianca Barajas each had seven rebounds a piece in the game.
"Even when we go behind we kept looking at the positives," said Pauu, who scored all 11 of the Tillers points in the third quarter.
Pauu, a senior guard, scored 15 of her game-high 20 points in the second half as Tustin beat the Fighting Irish for the second time this season.
Hea Pauu ignited a second half Tustin rally as the Tillers stormed back and defeated Kennedy, 50-44, to clinch the Empire League title last week at Kennedy High.
Tustin's girls basketball team, which captured the Empire League title last week, is ready for its opening round CIF 2AA playoff game tonight against Ribet Academy.
The Tillers take a 24-3 record into the game, which will be held at 7 p.m. at Tustin. The Fighting Frogs come in with a 21-5 record.
The winner of Thursday's game moves on to face the winner of the Twentynine Palms-Upland game in the second round on Saturday.
“What makes this team so successful is their all-out dedication towards each other and their buy-in to our philosophy of ‘family,'” said Tustin Coach Claire Gocke.
“I have never coached a team that plays more for/with one another. Each one of these kids is unselfish and always looking for ways to make their teammates better, whether that's an extra pass for a better shot, positive encouragement, or constructive criticism when appropriate. We have 11 talented athletes on this team, but their ability to work together in a high energy environment is the difference maker in a lot of our wins.
“I couldn't be prouder of this group for winning the Empire League. We returned five starters from last season, but their growth over the last year has been an inspiration to me as a coach. While we won league two years ago (in 2015) with a record of 7-3, this is the first outright league title we've had since I've been there.”
Gocke said the Tillers, who won the league title with a 9-1 record, have been preparing hard for the opener.
“We had a great practice yesterday with high energy, good communication, and intense competition,” she said. “We are looking to bring those three major components into Thursday's game against Ribet Academy. While a current record of 24-3 and the Empire League title is quite an accomplishment for this group, we aren't done competing.”
Contact the writer: tiburt@scng.com
PORTLAND, Ore. — Jaelene Hinkle revealed she decided not to play for the U.S. women's national team last year because her Christian faith prevented her from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month.
Hinkle revealed the reason for her decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website. No formal reason for her absence was given by the national team at the time.
"I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it wasn't my job to wear this jersey," she said.
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since.
A defender, Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League. The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Wednesday night, and there were boos heard when she was announced in the starting lineup. Some waved rainbow Pride flags.
Hinkle did not comment after the match.
"She is high on her faith, and in my honest option that's absolutely incredible," teammate Jessica McDonald said. "If she's for God, then that's fine, that's great if that's what keeps her going in her life and keeps positivity in her life, then let that be."
Courage coach Paul Riley said he heard the boos and echoed McDonald's sentiment.
"She's got a good heart, and she battled through the game. It's not an easy thing for her," Riley said. "I give her a lot of credit to be perfectly honest. Whatever her beliefs are, whatever she believes in, that's her. It doesn't affect the team. It doesn't seem to affect anybody on the team."
The Courage, who rank atop the NWSL standings, beat the Thorns 4-1.
Smartphone-maker Alcatel on Thursday launched a new tablet ‘A3 10' at Rs 9,999 in India which is now available on Flipkart.
The 4G/LTE device is powered by 1.1 GHz quad-core processor alongside 2GB RAM and 16GB ROM storage, which can be further expandable up to 128GB via microSD card. It runs on Android Nougat operating system.
“The new ‘A3 10' is designed to provide our users with a complete immersive experience. The tablet comes with an array of features, that are unprecedented at this price and shall change the shape of this segment entirely,” said Praveen Valecha, Regional Director, Alcatel India, in a statement.
The tablet with 10-inch IPS display also sports 5MP primary camera and 2MP front camera along with 4600mAh non-removable battery.
“The device provides up to seven-hours of battery time on a single charge,” the company claimed in a statement.
If a team like the Yankees, who have been above the luxury tax threshold for three consecutive seasons, blows past next season's $197 million threshold, the tax could be as high as 95 cents for every dollar over the limit that a team spends. The worst offenders will also be docked more valuable draft picks if they sign free agents, will be slotted down 10 spots for their first pick in the draft and could lose as much as $1 million in international pool money.
Dipping below the luxury tax threshold will allow them to shed their status as repeat offenders and drastically reduce their tax bill — and their cost in draft picks — if they exceed the threshold again next year, when two young, prized free agents will hit the market: Washington Nationals outfielder Bryce Harper and Baltimore Orioles third baseman Manny Machado.
With a raft of expensive, lengthy and burdensome contracts expiring over the last two seasons, the Yankees showed a rare discipline in constructing their roster. They mostly resisted splurging on splashy and pricey free agents, instead focusing on developing and acquiring inexpensive young talent.
Photo
But when the Yankees failed to even get an audience with the affordable Japanese star Shohei Ohtani, they pivoted in a familiar way — they landed slugger Giancarlo Stanton, the newly minted National League most valuable player.
Acquiring Stanton, who is three years into a record-setting 13-year, $325 million contract from the Miami Marlins that is heavily backloaded may not jeopardize the Yankees' ability to duck below the luxury tax threshold. But it will test their newfound fiscal discipline.
Stanton's charge against the payroll will be $22 million — the average per-year cost of his contract ($25 million) minus the $3 million per year offset from the $30 million the Marlins have agreed to pay the Yankees if Stanton does not opt out of his contract after the 2020 season. But the Yankees also saved $8.5 million by sending second baseman Starlin Castro to the Marlins.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
According to Cot's Contracts, which tracks major league payroll tax estimates, the Yankees are about $14 million below the luxury tax threshold, sitting at just under $183 million for next season once the Marlins' offset is included. This includes seven players under contract next year for $123.7 million, an estimated $34.125 million in raises for eight arbitration-eligible players; the $5.5 million they are paying Houston for Brian McCann's contract; $13.5 million in health and pension benefits, which are counted in calculating payrolls; and other salaries on the 40-man roster.
That leaves the Yankees with a modest amount to pour into the one area of the roster they would like to upgrade, starting pitching. That might not be enough to retain C. C. Sabathia or land another free agent, like Alex Cobb, and it would also rob them of any wiggle room to add salary during the season.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Thus, it seems increasingly likely that the Yankees will look to trim salary elsewhere — the likeliest player being Jacoby Ellsbury. At the moment, Ellsbury is the Yankees' fifth outfielder (beyond Stanton, Aaron Judge, Brett Gardner and Aaron Hicks) and is owed $68.5 million over the next three seasons, a sizable chunk of which the Yankees would have to eat if they are able to persuade him to waive his no-trade clause.
The Yankees could also save $13 million from their balance sheet if they are able to trade Gardner or third baseman Chase Headley, who are entering the final year of their contracts. But Ellsbury, whom they signed in December 2013, is a reminder for the Yankees. The seven-year, $153 million contract they awarded Ellsbury, who was brilliant at times but rarely healthy or consistent with Boston Red Sox, is the type of deal the Yankees have largely avoided in the last three seasons.
It also put them in a position that they could not sign Masahiro Tanaka a month later without going well past the luxury tax, something that Steinbrenner had signaled for months during the 2013 season that he was intent on trying to do.
Now, the Yankees could find themselves in a similar position with Stanton, whose contract will carry him to age 38. That helps explain why Steinbrenner, while he repeated his belief that $200 million payrolls are no longer a necessity to win a World Series, would make no promises last month.
The tension for the Yankees between the old way of doing business and a new one remains.
“I can only tell you it's definitely my goal,” Steinbrenner said of staying below the luxury tax threshold. “I believe it's very attainable and I still believe we're going to be fielding a very, very good team.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Newspaper publisher Tronc has named CEO Justin Dearborn as its chairman of the board, replacing Michael Ferro, who is retiring.
The change announced Monday shortly before Fortune magazine published a story about two women who allege that Ferro made unwanted sexual advances during 2013 and 2016 before he become Tronc's chairman.
"Michael Ferro has had no claims filed against him while leading Tronc as chairman," Tronc said in a statement. "Further, we are aware of no claims filed against Mr. Ferro throughout his career. As Mr. Ferro has retired after leading a financial turnaround of Tronc, we wish him well in his private life and will have no further comment."
Ferro struck it rich as an entrepreneur involved in two startups that were sold for more than $1 billion. In 2016, he bought a stake in the Tribune Co, which was subsequently renamed as Tronc.
Chicago-based Tronc Inc., which operates newspapers including the Chicago Tribune, New York Daily News and The Baltimore Sun, announced last month it had sold the Los Angeles Times and other papers for $500 million and an additional $90 million in pension benefits.
"Michael retires having created considerable shareholder value for the company in just two years as chairman of the board," Dearborn said, adding that the company had tripled its market capitalization, quadrupled its cash holdings and reduced its debt under Ferro's leadership.
Dearborn was appointed CEO of Tronc in February 2016. He previously led Merge Healthcare until its acquisition by IBM for $1 billion in October 2015.
OAKLAND, Calif. - On Wednesday during exit interviews, Kevin Durant dismissed the notion that the Golden State Warriors are constructed as a super team. In making his point, he directed attention to the organization's drafting prowess and recruiting targets rather than just focusing on the fact that they have four All-Stars in himself, Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green.
"First of all, if everybody wanted Steph, he would have been the No. 1 pick," Durant said. "A lot of people passed on him. A lot of people doubted Steph, saying he wasn't going to be this good. Klay Thompson, he was just supposed to be this okay shooter in the league, like that's what you thought of Klay Thompson when he came in. Draymond, nobody wanted him. He was a 6-5 power forward. [They said] he couldn't play in the league, he couldn't start in the NBA. Shaun Livingston had a crazy knee injury.
"Nobody wanted him. Nobody thought that that he would get back to being Shaun Livingston. Andre Iguodala, he got traded a couple of times. Nobody wanted him. A lot of people didn't expect these guys to be where they are today. Super team? No, we just work extremely well together. Coach puts us in position to maximize our strengths."
Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James also took exception to the 'super team' moniker. After the Game 5 loss in the 2017 NBA Finals, he stated that he was never a part of a super team.
"I don't believe I've played for a super team," James said. "I don't believe in that. I don't believe we're a super team here."
Golden State is 207-39 in the last three years during the regular season. In his lone season with the team, Durant said it's the selflessness that stands out to him. He contributed that, not just the talent, as to why the Warriors are so successful.
"We make each other better and it's not about who gets the credit," Durant said. "It's like, really just about having fun playing ball and let's see how we can win together and that alone just helps the ego. So, sorry I went on a little rant, but that's how I feel about the team. A lot of these guys beat the odds and came out and played a great brand of basketball and put the team first. That should be rewarded, and it did get rewarded with a championship."
DOWNERS GROVE, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--DeVryWORKS, the workforce solutions group within DeVry University, honored State Auto Insurance with its 2018 TEACH Partner Award. The award recognizes employer partners who exemplify the university's TEACH values (teamwork, energy, accountability, community and heart) by supporting their employees with professional development opportunities.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006017/en/
(Left to right) State Auto Insurance TEACH Partner winner Katlynn Henry, DeVryWORKS Strategic Account Manager Patrick Wentworth, State Auto TEACH Partner winner Brian Ahearn and DeVryWORKS Vice President Joe Mozden (Photo: Business Wire)
Headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, State Auto was founded in 1921 and is now a nearly $2 billion company selling personal and business insurance products in 33 states. Energy and accountability have a unique focus at State Auto. Its coaching programs have replaced the annual performance appraisals and its training sessions are designed to instill confidence, integrity, professionalism and a personal power base centered on honesty, fairness and openness.
“At State Auto, we believe in bringing together all parts of the organization, breaking out of silos, and giving all associates a voice,” said Mike LaRocco, State Auto president and CEO. “We're striving to become a truly transformative organization. To do that, we have to change the way we communicate with one another, and that begins with coaching in a culture where everyone is treated as professionals, with respect and trust.”
DeVry's TEACH values:
“At DeVry, our TEACH values define us. We serve each other and our students with passion, respect and care,” said Joe Mozden, vice president of DeVryWORKS. “Helping employees prepare for their future through professional development opportunities is an act of care. Giving support to employees to help fulfill a passion or dream is a value that benefits everyone involved. It takes significant work and dedication, which is why we want to recognize our employer partners who are aligned with our TEACH values.”
About DeVryWORKS
DeVryWORKS consults with today's leading companies to build custom talent solutions capable of solving real business challenges. This comprehensive service offers strategic guidance and support to help companies execute around talent acquisition, talent development and skills-gap training.
DeVry University has decades of experience working in close collaboration with leading companies to ensure students acquire in-demand skills needed in the employees of tomorrow. DeVryWORKS builds on that heritage with tailored partnerships including custom curriculum to target specific education and training needs, on-site class offerings, and qualified candidates emerging from DeVry University with the qualifications sought by growing companies. To learn more about DeVryWORKS strategic solutions to talent business challenges, go to www.DeVryWORKS.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006017/en/
CONTACT: DeVry University
Anne Unger
630-353-7009
aunger@devry.edu
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS OHIO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION UNIVERSITY CONTINUING OTHER EDUCATION AUTOMOTIVE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES HUMAN RESOURCES TRAINING GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: DeVryWORKS
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:00 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006017/en
Netanyahu Questioned by Police for Three Hours Over Alleged Gifts
Police found enough evidence to support the questioning of Netanyahu under caution, attorney general says. 'Don't celebrate yet,' Netanyahu said earlier.
LENIN STATE FARM, Russia (AP) — The Communist Party's candidate for president would seem to be an odd choice: He's a millionaire and proud of it. He also openly rejects the basic tenets of Communism.
Pavel Grudinin is the Russian party's first new nominee in 14 years as it hopes to rejuvenate itself and broaden its appeal from its traditional base of aging voters who are nostalgic for the old Soviet Union.
Not that Grudinin — or any other candidate — has much of a chance of unseating incumbent President Vladimir Putin when Russia votes on March 18.
The presence of Grudinin and other official candidates are largely viewed as a Kremlin ploy to boost voter participation in an election that has a foregone conclusion of a Putin victory.
A low turnout would be seen as an embarrassment for the Kremlin. That's why opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who was leading a grass-roots campaign for nearly a year before being formally barred from running, has been urging his supporters to boycott the election and dent its legitimacy.
In contrast, Grudinin is urging voters to come to polls and bring change through political means.
The 57-year-old agricultural college graduate runs what is still known as the Lenin State Farm, a sprawling collective farm just outside the Moscow beltway to the south of the capital.
With his bushy mustache and salt-and-pepper hair, Grudinin's looks are often compared to those of a young Josef Stalin. Grudinin worked on the farm in the mid-1980s, and was appointed its director a decade later.
While most of the collective plots outside Moscow were sold off years ago to property developers, the Lenin State Farm evolved into a successful private business, growing vegetables and raising livestock. Its signature product is strawberries, accounting for a third of all of them produced in Russia.
While metal or wooden strawberries adorn lampposts, fences and farm buildings in the town, Grudinin's self-promoted image of a farmer is not the whole story. He admits that his company over the years has made only a third to half of its income from agricultural production, which he blames on a lack of government subsidies and low wages for consumers who cannot afford his organic produce.
In fact, the Lenin State Farm makes most of its money from property deals, leasing and selling land for shopping centers.
Corruption is rampant in the Moscow region, home to some of Russia's most expensive real estate, and many international corporations doing business here refuse to pay officials under the table.
But Grudinin views his deals with companies like the Swedish furniture giant Ikea as a badge of honor, citing it as proof that he does not pay bribes.
Grudinin owns 44 percent of the farm and runs it with 33 other shareholders. The Communist-capitalist prides himself on reinvesting the profits back into the business or creating housing, education and other benefits for the community.
The small town that bears the same name as the farm is dominated by two Disneyland-like castles with spires and a futuristic building that looks like a sports arena but is actually a high-tech, 1.7 billion ruble ($30 million) school that the farm built for residents.
"We spend this money in line with socialist principles: We spend it on people," he says.
Grudinin boasts that he is fighting corruption just like opposition leader Navalny — but "not only with words but also with deeds, by not paying bribes."
While Grudinin refuses to recognize Navalny as the only viable alternative to Putin, he is willing to appropriate some of the opposition leader's agenda.
"We have too many bureaucrats, and no one is responsible," Grudinin said recently on state television. "If I tell the rich 'instead of buying yachts, you should pay a higher income tax here, just like they do abroad,' then maybe we will replenish the budget and we will modernize education and health care."
Grudinin, who has declared 157 million rubles ($2.8 million) in income in the past six years, is no political novice. He sat on the local council in the early 2000s and was a member of the ruling United Russia Party until 2010.
In Putin's first presidential election in 2000, Grudinin was one of 100 proxies for him, representing or speaking on his behalf in the campaign.
Asked if it feels strange now to run against Putin, Grudinin replies: "I wouldn't say I'm running against Putin. I stand for a different path for the country's development."
Although openly critical of the current political order by saying that "people don't trust the authorities" and that "corruption has taken the upper hand," Grudinin is careful not to blame it all on the man who has been leading Russia for the past 18 years. Putin is just part of the system, he says.
That line echoes the rhetoric of his predecessor, long-time Communist Party chairman Gennady Zyuganov, who has run in four presidential elections since 1996.
Once a searing critic of President Boris Yeltsin, the 73-year-old Zyuganov and the Communists have been coopted by the Kremlin. These days, the Communists support all crucial Kremlin directives, such as the annexation of Crimea, while dissenting on minor issues, which allows Putin to maintain a facade of democracy.
While running against Yeltsin in 1996, Zyuganov spooked Russia's oligarchs and foreign investors by promising to renationalize the strategic sectors of the economy while still allowing private property. Grudinin rejects calls to ban private ownership of land — once a key tenet of Communism.
Unlike Russia's oligarchs who make headlines by buying foreign sports teams or giant yachts, Grudinin's investments like those in the town of 5,000 people have made him a popular figure.
Pavel Samoilov, who works in a car repair shop, says he would love to work for Grudinin but the jobs on the farm are hard to get.
"People in the regions are much worse off than what they say on television," says Samoilov, 33. He says he admires Putin's foreign policy but says he has "allowed the country to come to ruin."
Putin enjoys national approval ratings of over 80 percent. While Grudinin once was polling second to Putin, he has since fallen to share the second and third spots with perennial candidate Vladimir Zhirinovsky, who has run for president six times.
Many of those who admire Grudinin still do not see him as a leader.
Maria, a 40-year-old mother of two who wouldn't give her last name, sounded ecstatic about the well-equipped local school and kindergarten and likes Grudinin. But she won't vote for him.
"We need to vote for Putin because he is a strong leader," she said. "This is Putin's place."
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut zoo is welcoming the addition of two tiger cubs.
Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport said Monday that its 10-year-old Amur tiger, Changbai, gave birth Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs, but only two survived. The surviving female cubs were taken from Changbai when she showed no interest in taking care of them.
The 2-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the zoo hospital. Staff is hand-feeding the cubs five times a day.
The zoo says one of the four kittens had been found unresponsive after birth and a second kitten died later that night.
Director Gregg Dancho says every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive.
The zoo says Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare.
According to a recent article in the Chicago-Sun Times, the FBI reported that in fiscal year 2017, nearly $1 billion ($969 million) was "diverted or attempted to be diverted" from real estate transactions, and wired to "criminally controlled" accounts. It occurs every day. Consumers, particularly those involved in a real estate purchase or rental, are prime victims.
How it happens in a real estate purchase
It might be helpful to understand how this criminal activity is occurring. Hackers are monitoring emails of lenders, real estate agents, title companies and maybe even you. They identify a pattern of communication between the parties that clearly indicates that a party is involved in a transaction to buy or sell real estate. From the communications between the parties, they determine when the transaction will be closing. Then they spoof an email, which may look very legitimate, to the potential homebuyer or seller with a change in wiring instructions. The unwitting party, excited about the prospect of closing escrow on his/her home, complies with new wiring instructions and wires funds to the wrong place. It's happening across the country.
There are things you can do to protect yourself from becoming a victim of a wire fraud scam, and tips for keeping a real estate transaction secure:
Hackers are monitoring emails of lenders, real estate agents, title companies and maybe even you. Recommended Stories For You
At the beginning of the real estate transaction, your Realtor, the escrow officer and the lender should have a conversation with you about their communication practices.
Avoid free Wi-Fi with no firewall to protect against hackers capturing an email password or other sensitive information.
Always use strong passwords and change them regularly. It also wouldn't hurt for you to change your password before wire instructions are sent.
Obtain the name, phone number, and email address of the lender, Realtor and escrow officer.
Avoid sending personal information in email or text (e.g., Social Security numbers, bank account information, etc.). Provide this information in person or over the telephone directly to the verified phone number of the escrow officer or lender.
Be suspicious of a request for secrecy or pressure to take action quickly.
Immediately report and delete unsolicited email spam from unknown parties. Do not open spam email, click on links in the email or open attachments. These often contain malware that will give access to your computer system.
If you expect to engage in a wire transfer, instruct the title company or Realtor that the wiring instruction must be sent via an encrypted email including attachments, via a landline fax, USPS or overnight delivery or hand delivery. Be aware that using encrypted email is not sufficient protection against fraud to the wrong email address or person. Make sure you are sending it to the correct email address based on the information you obtained at the start of the transaction.
Once you receive an instruction, call the known party you will be transferring funds to on the phone immediately prior to the transfer of funds so you know you are wiring money to the legitimate source. Do not call the phone number that is in an email instruction to wire funds. It is likely not legitimate just as the email wire instruction is also not legitimate. Title companies warn that if you receive an email with a change in wiring instructions, be suspicious. Title companies rarely change their wiring instructions.
Call the known recipient and ask them to confirm when they have received the funds.
How wire fraud and leasing scams occur
Scammers locate a home for sale or for lease, copy the pictures and sometimes the description. The scammer then posts a fake listing on an online rental database — the most common is Craigslist. The scammer lists the property for below-market rent to gain interest in the property. Once a prospective victim reaches out to the scammer via email, text or phone, the scammer will proceed to communicate with the prospective victim with lies, and pressure the victim to wire the funds to hold the home. In many situations, the prospective victim becomes a victim of wiring funds to the scammer and later signing a fake lease.
Here's how prospective renters can avoid these situations
If it's too good to be true, it probably is. Ask yourself why the rent on this home is substantially less per month than a home around the corner? This is the most obvious indication of a scam.
Never wire funds to obtain a rental. It's not done in the normal course of business in acquiring a rental, and you incur unnecessary costs to wire funds.
If you're communicating directly with a landlord/owner (not a licensed and permitted property manager), request to meet the landlord in person. Before you meet them, look up the landlord's name on the County Assessor's website in the county where the home is located.
If the landlord isn't using the services of a licensed permitted property manager, and the lease is not signed by that property manager, the lease must include a standard disclosure required pursuant to NRS 118.200. The disclosure substantiates for law enforcement officials that there is a rebuttable presumption that the tenant has lawful occupancy to the property. More important, when a lease is initiated by other than a licensed and permitted property manager, for your protection it should be notarized. The Notary will need to verify the identity of the landlord and you. You and the landlord/owner should meet with the Notary together.
Wait to provide funds until that time.
Finally, the best way to avoid scammers is to consider leasing a home from a business that has a licensed and permitted property manager. Any and all property managers must hold a real estate license and property management permit, which can be verified through the Nevada Real Estate Division online license search at: https://red.prod.secure.nv.gov/Lookup/LicenseLookup.aspx
What should you do if you think you have become a victim of a wire fraud scam?
Immediately contact the bank to try and stop the funds
Contact the escrow officer, lender and Realtor
Contact the local police department
Report it to the following agencies:
Federal Bureau of Investigation: https://www.fbi.gov/
FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center: http://www.ic3.gov
The National Association of Realtors has created an informative video that provides helpful information to prospective home buyers: http://bit.ly/BuyerWireFraudAlert
Other resources on this topic:
National White Collar Crime Center https://www.nw3c.org/
Protect yourselves from wire fraud. And talk to your Realtor if you have any additional questions or concerns. The knowledge you have today can help you in the future.
Doug McIntyre, is the president or the Reno/Sparks Association of Realtors.
The 141st annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show reached its dramatic conclusion last night when Rumor, a 5-year-old German shepherd, won the coveted best in show award.
“It was awesome. An awesome experience,” Rumor's breeder, handler and owner, Kent Boyles, said on “Good Morning America” today.
Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
Comeback win:
The German shepherd was a favorite to win at last year's competition but ultimately lost to C.J., a German shorthaired pointer. Rumor came out of retirement just last month to perform at Westminster.
How Rumor got her name
Rumor, whose full name is Lockenhaus' Rumor Has It V Kenlyn, is named after Adele's hit song, “Rumor Has It.”
“Actually the kids picked it,” said Boyles. “We decided to name the litter all with R's, so the brothers and sisters were all with R letters, and the kids came up with the ‘Rumor Has It.'”
Favorite post-win treat
And how does the best in show winner celebrate? Boyles told ABC News Rumor's favorite post-win treat is a big, juicy New York strip steak.
Favorite playmates
The Boyleses also have a Chinese crested dog, a Chihuahua and a cat at home. Rumor loves running around with them and spending time with family.
Family members Daniel, 8, and Maria, 17, say at home Rumor loves playing tag with their cat. #WKCDogShow pic.twitter.com/G2ihoR96zI — Westminster Dog Show (@WKCDOGS) February 15, 2017
First dog from herding group to win in 20 years
Nearly 2,800 dogs across 190 breeds hailing from 49 states and 16 foreign countries competed at Madison Square Garden in New York City for the title of “top dog.” But for the first time in 20 years, it went to a dog from the herding group.
“We haven't had a herding dog win best in show since 1987 so it was really time, I felt, that a herding dog came out and did it,” said Gail Miller Bisher, a spokesperson for Westminster. “Rumor did it. She took it all last night.”
Rumor the German Shepherd, best in show winner at the Westminster Kennel Club dog show, is here LIVE this morning. - @WKCDOGS pic.twitter.com/pHIZPxM3HG — Good Morning America (@GMA) February 15, 2017
And Rumor's family couldn't be more proud of their pup.
“It's really fun to see her run around and get best in show,” Boyles' son, Daniel, 8, said of their beloved pet.
Workers repair power lines damaged by shelling between Ukrainian forces and the Russian-backed rebels near the government-held town Avdiivka, Donetsk region, on March 27, 2017 (AFP Photo/Aleksey FILIPPOV)
Avdiivka (Ukraine) (AFP) - Oleksandr and Ruslan drove their dusty grey minibus across a field pock-marked with shell craters, venturing into the no-man's land of Ukraine's volatile frontline.
Part of a team from a local factory, they can often be found risking life and limb in the east Ukraine conflict zone to repair damage to power lines that regularly plunges their hometown Avdiivka into darkness.
"When I see the flash of shelling in the direction of Avdiivka, I begin to count off the seconds before an outage," 45-year-old Ruslan Kolesov, the transport director at the town's coking coal plant told AFP.
"I can determine where the shell fell with an accuracy of 200 metres (yards) only by the length of time and the noise."
The government-held town of Avdiivka and the factory where Kolesov works regularly get caught up in shelling between Ukrainian forces and the Russian-backed rebels on the other side.
Four power lines, vital for both operations at the factory and lighting the town, run across the frontline from thermal power plants located in rebel-held territory.
That means that cables often get cut by the fighting and the repairmen have to tool up.
"The plant is the heart of the city. It provides light and heating to all residents of Avdiivka. If they interrupt the supply of electricity to the plant then the entire city is without light," Kolesov explained.
- 'Green corridor' -
Before the search team can even reach the power lines, Kolesov and his colleagues have to go through the fraught process of getting the agreement of both Ukraine's military and the rebels to hold fire.
"We start only when both sides give us a 'green corridor'. But even if both sides promise it, it does not mean that we will not come under fire," he said.
In 2015 members of the team were detained as saboteurs at one of the insurgent's checkpoints before being blindfolded and taken for questioning after their phones were seized.
The men were eventually released after a few tense hours when militants learned who they were.
The team was recently given kevlar helmets and body armour by the Ukrainian army but they are often reluctant to wear the gear -- preferring their old white plastic helmets and overalls for fear of appearing like combatants.
"When we wear khaki-coloured bulletproof vests, it's hard to explain that we are not saboteurs," said 37-year-old driver Oleksandr Korovan.
- Drawing lots -
Some of the team insisted they are now inured to the danger as Ukraine's low-level war wears on towards a third year, having cost some 10,000 lives already.
But Korovan and another driver still draw lots to decide who will take the wheel for each risky mission.
"One counts only on intuition in our work," Korovan, a father of two children, said. "Every time it is scary."
The men do not get any extra money for the risks they run but insist they have no plans to quit their jobs all the same.
"Our city and our factory are like a big anthill," said the other driver Sergey.
"They are trying to destroy our anthill with shellings, but we, like ants, fix it all together, bring back the light, and it lives again."
Facebook has reportedly banned a page that claimed to have sabotaged a Hollywood movie's ratings and is preparing to damage the score of other upcoming films on an American review website, media reports said. The group which claimed the responsibility of the low score for fantasy film 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' created an event to hurt the ratings of Disney's upcoming film 'Black Panther' on Rotten Tomatoes.
Rotten Tomatoes said that they were proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and they take that responsibility seriously
Facebook has reportedly banned a page that claimed to have sabotaged a Hollywood movie's ratings and is preparing to damage the score of other upcoming films on an American review website, media reports said. The group “Down With Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys” – which claimed the responsibility of the low score for fantasy film “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” – created an event to hurt the ratings of Disney's upcoming film Black Panther on Rotten Tomatoes, Marvel Studio News reported late on Friday.
According to The Verge, the group also created an event to leave low ratings and negative reviews for another film Solo: A Star Wars Story and indicated they would set up additional events for Avengers: Infinity War and the company's Marvel Netflix shows. The group described itself as a pro-DC Expanded Universe – the largest competitor of Marvel Cinematic Universe – and claimed that the poor reviews for Warner Bros' DC films were due to Disney manipulating the press. The users on the platform reportedly complained that the group was using bots to further lower the Marvel projects' ratings and directed other like-minded fans to the page to post negative reviews.
Meanwhile, Rotten Tomatoes said that they were proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and they take that responsibility seriously. “While we respect our fans' diverse opinions, we do not condone hate speech. “Our team of security, network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms. Any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible,” Marvel Studio News quoted the website as saying.
“And I was like, ‘There's no way somebody else shoots like me.' I never thought my form would come to the surface again in basketball history. Then I saw him and said, ‘We have the exact same starting point and end point.' It's crazy.”
New Yorkers will get their first up-close glimpse of the most scrutinized shot mechanics in the sport Tuesday night at Madison Square Garden, when the Knicks host the Lakers and Ball brings his unsightly shooting percentages of .321 from the floor, .246 from 3-point range and .471 from the free-throw line into one of the N.B.A.'s most storied buildings.
Ball's struggles to not only make shots but also to consistently free himself from defenders to comfortably uncork his wonky jumper recently prompted the ESPN analyst and former All-Star guard Chauncey Billups — in one of those trademark TMZ video interviews at Los Angeles International Airport — to advise the rookie to reach out to Martin for advice.
Turns out Billups isn't the only one who has had that thought. Corey Brewer, the veteran Lakers forward who is close friends with Martin, passed along Ball's phone number in hopes that the two might connect. But the ever-polite Martin — who was reluctant to be interviewed as he would like to keep a respectful distance given the daily hoopla Ball already endures — said he wouldn't dare impose himself on Ball in the middle of his rookie campaign.
“It's not something you want to mess with during the season,” Martin said. “Sit down after the season and evaluate everything. Guys don't want to hear it right now, every little thing that everybody else is saying. There could be a right time later on.”
Regardless of whether Ball ever seeks out Martin, or vice versa, one presumes it would hearten Ball — as well as nervy Lakers officials, coaches and fans — to hear that Martin would advocate only small refinements to Ball's current approach rather than a wholesale reconstruction.
That's the way Martin did it, tuning out his own chorus of naysayers by making subtle but crucial changes, summer after summer, starting after his freshman year of college. The Sacramento Kings, who drafted Martin, would later press him to anchor the ball on his right hip before proceeding into his launch, but the big adjustments occurred between the ages of 19 to 21 under the tutelage of David Thorpe, who was recommended to Martin by an assistant at Western Carolina.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Martin would ultimately make Clearwater, Fla., his off-season home to work exclusively with Thorpe, who has trained numerous N.B.A. players (such as Brewer, Miami's Udonis Haslem, Golden State's Omri Casspi and the Knicks' Courtney Lee) and worked for a decade as an N.B.A. analyst for ESPN.com.
Photo
“Lonzo's shot is exactly how mine was through my freshman year of college — exactly,” Martin said. “The N.B.A. is a faster game, so I knew I had to tweak it just a little. Just moving the ball to the right a little bit, away from my face on the release, helped tremendously.”
Combined with the Kings' subsequent input, which included counsel from the likes of Rick Adelman and the storied former Princeton Coach Pete Carril, Martin went on to shoot 40 percent or better from 3-point range in three seasons and averaged at least 20 points per game for five successive N.B.A. campaigns at his peak.
“When we started working together, Kevin released his shot left of his left eye, too,” Thorpe said. “But in the N.B.A, once we started shifting his shot, he shot the ball mostly from the middle of his forehead and up.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Thorpe said several top analytics experts he has consulted contend that free-throw percentage in the college game is a better indicator of future 3-point success in the N.B.A. than collegiate 3-point shooting. Ball's promising conversion rate from deep (.412) in his one collegiate season, combined with his underwhelming free-throw percentage (.672) as a Bruin, would seem to back that up.
But in Martin's career arc, even though so much of it played out away from the spotlight, Ball should see hope.
“It's such a funky form, but Coach Adelman used to tell me, ‘I don't care what it looks like as long as it goes in,'” Martin said. “Once I got to Year 3, I never really heard about it ever again — until Lonzo came along.”
No surprise there. Even with Martin largely out of the game since finishing the 2015-16 season with San Antonio, apart from some part-time ambassadorial work he has done for the league office, chatter stemming from all things Ball is difficult to avoid.
But the beyond-his-years poise Ball has shown, amid such a loud and difficult indoctrination to the pros, is praiseworthy no matter what the numbers say, given the depths of he frenzies swirling around him.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There are ultimately many things Ball can learn from Martin, a shot-fake master who was adept at getting to the foul line to supplement his long-range work. Pump fakes, cleaner footwork, better finishing at the rim, adding a midrange floater — those are all areas where Ball must improve to become more of a scoring threat and make it easier to take advantage of his truly special gifts as a passer.
It would be nice, though, if some patience and perspective could be applied here, especially when Lonzo only turned 20 in late October and is responsible for generating so little of the Lavar-fueled chaos he finds himself in.
As no less an authority than Golden State's Stephen Curry said recently, attempting to diffuse the pressure that seems to mount on Ball daily, “I hope you didn't judge me off my first 20 games in the league, either.”
One suspects there will be little leniency from the audience in Ball's first glimpse of the Garden glare, but he has already won a loyal fan in Martin, who confesses that he's been watching more of the Lakers than ever before.
“The kid's going to be all right,” Martin said. “He's going to be a great shooter when it's all said and done.”
If anyone is qualified to make that forecast, it's Kevin Martin.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Evgeni Malkin had a goal and an assist in his return from a lower-body injury and Sidney Crosby got his 999th career point with an assist as the Pittsburgh Penguins rolled by the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 on Tuesday night.
Phil Kessel, Jake Guentzel and Matt Cullen also scored for the defending Stanley Cup champions. Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for his third shutout this season and the fourth of his career.
Pittsburgh broke it open with three third-period goals past Ryan Miller. Crosby fed a streaking Guentzel down the slot 2:27 into the third to make it 2-0 and pull Crosby within a point of becoming the 86th player in NHL history to reach 1,000.
Miller made 38 saves while under siege for most of the night as the Penguins remained unbeaten in regulation since the All-Star break (5-0-2).
DUCKS 1, WILD 0
ST. PAUL, Minnesota (AP) — John Gibson made 37 saves for his fourth shutout of the season, rookie Joseph Cramarossa scored his fourth goal and Anaheim blanked Minnesota.
Gibson stalled the league's fourth-highest scoring team, beating Minnesota and former coach Bruce Boudreau for the first time in three meetings.
The Wild were 0 for 5 on the power play and lost in regulation for the first time in six games and the fifth time since the start of December, a span of 34 games. Devan Dubnyk made 22 saves.
Cramarossa scored for the first time in 16 games 4:38 into the first period.
MAPLE LEAFS 7, ISLANDERS 1
TORONTO (AP) — Auston Matthews scored twice, Frederik Andersen earned his 100th NHL win and Toronto routed New York in a game with playoff implications.
The Maple Leafs set a season high for goals and won for the third time in nine games. They moved three points ahead of the Islanders for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference.
New York fell to 10-4-2 in its past 16 games.
Matthews increased his rookie total to 27 goals and Andersen stopped 33 shots. Josh Leivo had a career-high three points with one goal and two assists for Toronto.
Nazem Kadri and William Nylander each had a goal and an assist. Tyler Bozak and Matt Hunwick also scored for the Maple Leafs.
Jason Chimera scored on a penalty shot for New York. Thomas Greiss and Jean-Francois Berube combined to give up seven goals on 41 shots.
DEVILS 3, AVALANCHE 2
NEWARK, New Jersey (AP) — Devils defenseman Andy Greene scored the go-ahead goal on a power play and Kyle Palmieri converted on an odd-man rush with Taylor Hall to lead New Jersey over struggling Colorado.
Cory Schneider made 28 saves and Pavel Zacha added a goal as New Jersey won for the fourth time in six games (4-1-1) in its push to make the playoffs.
Jeremy Smith stopped 37 shots in his NHL debut after seven seasons in the minor leagues. Recent waiver pickup Mark Barberio and Mikhail Grigorenko scored for Colorado, which has lost four straight and is 4-22-1 in its last 27 games.
The win was only the Devils' second against the Avalanche in 11 meetings.
SABRES 3, SENATORS 2
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — Robin Lehner made 39 saves against his former team, and Matt Moulson and Justin Bailey scored in the third period to rally Buffalo past Ottawa.
Lehner is 4-0-2 against the club that selected him in the second round of the 2009 NHL draft. He was traded away with David Legwand in June 2015 to Buffalo for the 21st overall pick in that year's draft.
Ryan O'Reilly also scored for the Sabres.
Bobby Ryan ended a five-game run without a point by getting a goal and an assist for the Senators. Dion Phaneuf also scored, and Craig Anderson made 22 saves.
JETS 5, STARS 2
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) — Patrik Laine got his third hat trick of the season, including the go-ahead goal with 5:07 left to lift Winnipeg over Dallas.
The Finnish rookie has 26 goals, including two in the third period as the Jets broke open a tight game. Joel Armia and Blake Wheeler also scored to help Winnipeg snap a four-game skid.
Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin scored in the second period for the Stars to erase a two-goal deficit.
Connor Hellebuyck made 34 saves in his third straight start for the Jets since Ondrej Pavelec sustained a lower-body injury.
Antti Niemi stopped 19 of 22 shots for Dallas.
The victory ended a five-game home losing streak for the Jets, and Dallas took its sixth loss in seven games.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and across the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government, known as "Hidden Cobra."
The alert issued Tuesday says that both DHS and the FBI believe Hidden Cobra will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives.
Want the world's best, up-close view of a rocket launch without being right there at the pad?
For the first time, cameras will provide live 360-degree video of a rocket heading toward space.
NASA will provide the 360 stream Tuesday as an unmanned Atlas rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral, Florida, with a capsule full of space station supplies. The stream will begin 10 minutes before the scheduled 11:11 a.m. liftoff and continue until the rocket is out of sight.
The four fisheye-lens cameras are located at the pad, about 300 feet (100 meters) from the rocket. A computer in a blast-proof box will stitch together the images for a full, in-the-round view. There will be about a minute lag time.
It will be shown on NASA's YouTube channel .
(Tennessee Smokies) The Tennessee Smokies will host the 2018 Pilot/Flying J South Atlantic Conference Baseball Championship at Smokies Stadium starting on Thursday, April 26 at Smokies Stadium.
The Catawba Indians captured their sixth-straight South Atlantic Conference Regular Season Championship with a 2-1 series win over Wingate on Saturday (April 21) evening. With the crown, Catawba has earned the No. 1 seed in next week's Pilot/Flying J South Atlantic Conference Baseball Championship. Catawba finished the season with a 19-8 League record.
Wingate earned the No. 2 seed with a 17-10 record in SAC play. Carson-Newman received the No. 3 seed with a 16-11 record in conference, and Lincoln Memorial picked up the No. 4 seed with a SAC record of 15-12. Lenoir-Rhyne, Newberry and Tusculum each finished conference play with records of 13-14. Each team was had a record of 3-3 versus the other two, so the tiebreaker used to determine seeding was each team's record versus top-seeded Catawba. With a record of 2-1 against the Catawba Indians, Lenoir-Rhyne earned the No. 5 seed, while Newberry took the No. 6 seed and Tusculum earned the No. 7 seed by virtue of the Wolves 2-1 record versus Pioneers. Rounding out the field of eight is Anderson at the No. 8 seed with a SAC record of 12-15.
The 2018 South Atlantic Conference Baseball Championship will be played at Smokies Stadium in Kodak, Tenn. and will get underway on Thursday, April 26. Thursday's games will be single elimination, while the double-elimination portion of the Championship will be played Friday, April 27-Monday, April 30. Below is the Championship schedule.
Thursday, April 26 (at Kodak, Tenn.)
#5 Lenoir-Rhyne vs. #8 Anderson, 4:30pm
#6 Newberry vs. #7 Tusculum, 7:30pm
Friday, April 27 (at Kodak, Tenn.)
#1 Catawba vs. lowest seed from GM 1 & 2, Noon
#2 Wingate vs. highest seed from GM 1 & 2, 3:45pm
#3 Carson-Newman vs. #4 Lincoln Memorial, 7:30pm
Saturday, April 28 (at Kodak, Tenn.)
GM 3 loser vs. GM 4 loser, Noon
GM 3 winner vs. GM 5 loser, 3:45pm
GM 4 winner vs. GM 5 winner,7:30pm
Sunday, April 29 (at Kodak, Tenn.)
GM 7 winner vs. GM 8 winner, Noon
GM 6 winner vs. GM 8 loser, 3:45pm
GM 10 winner vs. GM 9 loser, 7:30pm
Monday, April 30 (at Kodak, Tenn.)
GM 9 winner vs. GM 11 winner, 1:00pm
if necessary, 4:00pm
In what would be a major pivot away from a foreign policy position held by the previous administration, a White House official said Thursday night that the United States will not insist upon a two-state solution to settle the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
"Maybe, maybe not," said the official in a briefing at the White House. "It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision. But I think we'll find out more about that tomorrow."
President Donald Trump is schedule to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Wednesday at the White House.
"A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal that anybody wants to achieve," the official said. "Peace is the goal, whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want or something else, if that's what the parties want, we're going to help them."
This is a developing story. Please check back in for updates.
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News.
For News in English , follow us on
Getty Image
It's very hard to get fired when you've already got a new job lined up but kudos to Lane Kiffin, who found a way to be relieved of his offensive coordinator duties a week before Alabama plays in the national title game against Clemson.
Alabama's press release on Lane Kiffin leaving the staff and Steve Sarkisian serving as OC effective immediately. pic.twitter.com/kGffYBiwkS — Barrett Sallee (@BarrettSallee) January 2, 2017
Kiffin has a head-coaching job waiting for him at Florida Atlantic, but this is hilarious.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” Alabama head coach Nick Saban said. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU. “This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful. Obviously, we are in a unique situation here where we have our next offensive coordinator already on staff. We have full confidence that Sark will step in right away and make a smooth transition.”
They fired him for him, duh. I love how they make it seem like a player asked Kiffin a question and he held up one finger while he was on the phone with someone at FAU. “Uh huh. Uh huh. No, just some kid asking about a pass protection scheme against a Clemson inside stunt. No, I've got time to talk.”
LONDON (AP) - The British government has introduced new powers to seize suspicious assets that it says will help curb London's status as a haven for ill-gotten gains.
A measure called unexplained wealth orders, which came into effect this week, allows authorities to seize assets over 50,000 pounds ($70,000) until owners account for how they were acquired.
Security Minister Ben Wallace told Saturday's Times of London that the government was sending criminals a message that "we will come for you, for your assets and we will make the environment that you live in difficult."
The government estimates 90 billion pounds in illegal cash is laundered in Britain every year, much of it passing through London financial firms and the city's real-estate market.
Wallace said the government wanted to build on awareness generated by TV series "McMafia," currently running on the BBC. Adapted from Misha Glenny's nonfiction book, the drama series centers on a London financier entwined with Russian criminals.
Wallace said the series, starring James Norton, was "very close to the truth."
Russia has been less impressed. The Twitter account of the Russian Embassy in London has dismissed the show's depiction of Britain as "a playground for Russian gangsters."
"Crime rate among Russians in U.K. is well below national average," the embassy tweeted last month, accusing the BBC of spreading cliches.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KILIS, Turkey (AP) — Intense clashes erupted Monday on a strategic hilltop in northwestern Syria as Kurdish forces tried to enter the area a day after it was captured by Turkish troops.
Turkish military officials cancelled a government-organized press tour to Bursayah Hill, separating the Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin from the Turkey-controlled town of Azaz, due to what they described as "security concerns."
Separately, in the nearby rebel-held province of Idlib, suspected Syrian government airstrikes killed at least 21 people and put a hospital out of order.
The violence has overshadowed a peace conference hosted by Russia that was due to open in Sochi on Monday. Russia, a key ally of President Bashar Assad, says it invited 1,600 representatives to the Syrian Congress of National Dialogue, but so far only the government and opposition representatives tolerated by it have shown up. The main Syrian opposition body has boycotted the talks.
The main Syrian Kurdish militia, which is fighting in Afrin and controls some 25 percent of Syrian territory, has also declined to attend, saying it holds Russia responsible for the Turkish offensive.
Alexander Lavrentiev, Russia's envoy for Syria, downplayed the violence, saying the situation in Afrin has "somehow stabilized" and expressing hope that "potential provocations prior to and during the event won't affect its outcome."
"We still hope that common sense will prevail and that the leadership of the united Syrian opposition will still decide to attend the congress. This possibility has not been ruled out, and the invitations remain on the table," he said, according to Russian state agency Tass.
The Turkish incursion began on Jan. 20, with Ankara saying it seeks to drive "terrorists" away from its border and create a safe zone in the area. Turkey considers the Syrian Kurdish militia in control of Afrin, the People's Defense Units or YPG, an extension of the Kurdish insurgency within its borders.
On Monday, Turkish authorities said they had detained 311 people for allegedly engaging in "terrorist propaganda" through social media postings critical of the Afrin offensive. The Interior Ministry said the suspects, who are accused of supporting the Syrian Kurdish forces, were detained in the past week but did not provide further details.
The Paris-based media watchdog Reporters Without Borders called the detentions a government "witch hunt against critics."
Turkish troops and allied Syrian forces have met with stiff resistance as they try to push into Afrin, and the capture of Bursayah Hill marked their biggest advance since the start of the offensive. The operation has so far claimed the lives of 61 civilians in Afrin, three in Turkish towns along the border and five Turkish soldiers, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
The Turkish-led offensive has opened a new front in the civil war, which is far from over despite recent gains by Assad's forces and the expulsion of the Islamic State group from nearly all the territory it once held.
The government is now focused on the northwestern province of Idlib, which is dominated by al-Qaida-linked militants and home to more than 2.6 million people, nearly half of whom have fled from other areas.
Volunteer first responders known as the White Helmets say the airstrikes on Monday hit the province's largest vegetable market, in the town of Saraqeb. The Qasioun news agency, which covers events in opposition-held areas, said 14 people were killed. The Observatory, an opposition-linked group that monitors all sides of the conflict, also said 14 were killed, including six children.
Another two people, including a child, were killed in the attack on the hospital.
The activist-run Edlib Media Center posted photographs of the exterior of the damaged building. Videos of rescuers sifting through the rubble showed them emerging with a survivor, apparently a medic. Mohammed Abrash, a doctor in Idlib city, said the only hospital in Saraqeb was now out of order.
The government appears to have stepped up its bombing campaign in Idlib in recent days. The Observatory reported 90 airstrikes in Idlib on Monday alone, killing a total of 21 people. It said airstrikes on Sunday killed 17.
Sandy al-Obeid, a resident of Saraqeb, said she heard the attack on the market from her home and could see the plane from her window.
"When I finally fell asleep, I dreamt there were airstrikes and we were hiding. It turned out there were airstrikes. But now nightmares are confused with reality," al-Obeid said in a series of text messages.
Near the capital, Damascus, activists reported government shelling of Harasta, in the rebel-held suburbs known as eastern Ghouta. Fighting has raged in the area over the last few days despite a cease-fire negotiated between Russia and the opposition.
Russia's Defense Ministry on Monday called on the Syrian government to hold talks with the rebels in eastern Ghouta to allow for medical evacuations.
"A cessation of hostilities is the only chance and the only condition for political settlement in eastern Ghouta and in Syria on the whole," it said.
_____
El Deeb reported from Beirut.
I've completed two of the six courses I need for my Certificate in Doctrine from the @NotreDame STEP program. pic.twitter.com/Uhw2frKNfu
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--BizVibe, a smart B2B networking platform for global B2B buyers and suppliers, announced today the next generation of its B2B networking platform for the top soap manufacturers in the USA.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006603/en/
Soap Manufacturers in the USA - BizVibe Announces a New B2B Networking Platform for the Soap Industry in the USA (Graphic: Business Wire)
With the update, businesses can establish a faster and more efficient path from company discovery to getting better quotes and building long-lasting profitable business partnerships with the leading soap manufacturers in the USA.
Soap has long been one of the most common products in the global Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) sector. Today, soap is still one of the most used cleansing items in every household around the world, leading to a huge demand increase in the global household market. The USA has maintained its leading position in the global soap market in terms of soap manufacturing and soap exports. Many major soap manufacturers from the USA are also some of the largest soap suppliers or top soap exporters in the global market. As the global demand for soap products — such as liquid soap, organic soap, and handmade soap — continues to grow, the USA's soap industry is expected to flourish further in the near future. BizVibe's latest update connects businesses to the top soap producers, suppliers, and exporters in the USA and helps users discover thousands of opportunities daily. BizVibe has innovated the modern networking platform to make your sourcing process faster, smarter and hassle-free. Connect and network with the USA's leading soap companies on BizVibe now, and help your business grow to another level!
View more about this market: How BizVibe is helping buyers connect with leading soap producers, suppliers, and exporters in the USA
Why Connect with Companies from the USA's Soap Industry?
The global soap market is generating huge demand, driven by growing population, increasing health awareness and rising levels of hygiene among consumers worldwide. The latest soap industry report shows that the global soap market totaled a value of US$ 18 Billion in 2016 and the figure is expected to reach US$ 24 Billion by 2022. The USA is one of the world's largest soap markets and soap exporters in the world, generating over $25 billion revenues annually. In 2016, the USA exported over US$ 923.4 thousand worth of soap products, representing nearly 10% of the world's total soap exports in that year, making the USA the world's second largest soap exporter. Most of the USA's soap products are shipped to its neighboring countries including Canada and Mexico while emerging markets in Asia — such as China, Japan, and South Korea — are some of the largest importers for soaps from the USA. Since global soap demand continues to surge, the USA's production and export of soap products are expected to grow further over the next few years, and so do the business opportunities in the USA's soap market.
Looking for more information on this market? Check BizVibe's detailed breakdown of the soap industry in the USA
Not only does BizVibe's networking platform introduce businesses to verified soap manufacturers in the USA, the intelligent B2B networking platform also connects global trade professionals with over 7 million prospecting and sourcing candidates in over 700+ industries. BizVibe cuts research time, allowing you to go after the real opportunities.
Network with Top Soap Manufacturers in the USA
BizVibe connects like-minded buyers and suppliers to help companies keep up with the market demand. Join for free today to find your next big opportunity in a community of leading soap manufacturers in the USA.
BizVibe's New Networking Platform Helps You Find:
Top soap manufacturers in the USA Valuable product quotes that convert Relevant business chatter in the USA' soap market
The USA's Top Soap Manufacturers on BizVibe
Increase your company's exposure. Add your company to the BizVibe network and instantly match with the top exporters, suppliers, and buyers around the world.
Browse News Related to the Soap Industry in the USA
Connecting on BizVibe
BizVibe has been specifically designed to help industry professionals connect with like-minded businesses, providing them with a seamless, efficient, and easy-to-use platform. Using cutting-edge technology and advanced match-making algorithms, BizVibe has launched the smartest networking platform on the planet, something that can truly help companies find the right matches.
With extensive feedback from communities across multiple industries, BizVibe was able to identify the core problems and uncertainties when finding potential trade partners. Using this feedback, BizVibe developed an efficient networking platform dedicated to buyers, sellers, importers, exporters, manufacturers, and suppliers, helping thousands of users to connect, engage, and make business deals daily.
About BizVibe
The single-minded focus of BizVibe's platform is to make networking easier. Over the years, we've searched far and wide to figure out how businesses connect and enable trade. That first interaction is usually fraught with the uncertainty of finding a potential partner vs. a potential nightmare. With this in mind, we've designed a robust set of tools to help companies generate leads, shortlist prospects, network with businesses from around the world and trade seamlessly.
BizVibe is headquartered in Toronto and has offices in London, Bangalore, and Beijing. For more information on the BizVibe network, please
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006603/en/
CONTACT: Sony Gomes
BizVibe Media & Marketing Executive
media@bizvibe.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH HOME GOODS MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS RETAIL GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: BizVibe
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:02 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:02 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006603/en
An investigation into Uber's troubled company culture has led to changes in leadership. The chief executive has taken a leave of absence and several others have been fired over the past two weeks.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey, File). FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, file photo, with cameras covering multiple angles, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady answers questions during a news conference in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled t...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay, File). FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, file photo, Philadelphia Eagles cornerback Patrick Robinson (21) and teammates break a huddle during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is sc...
By ANICK JESDANUN
AP Technology Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - It'll be much easier to watch the Super Bowl online for free this year.
NBC won't require proof of a cable or satellite TV subscription, meaning that anyone in the U.S. can watch the game online. Plus, you'll be able to watch the game on a phone even if you aren't a Verizon customer, as was a requirement before.
Here's your online guide to the matchup between the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots in Minneapolis. Kickoff is at 6:30 p.m. ET Sunday on NBC.
___
THE BIG GAME
The best experience will be on a big screen TV. If you don't have a cable subscription or a good signal with an antenna, you can fire up the NBC Sports app on a number of streaming TV devices, including Apple TV, Roku and Amazon's Fire TV.
Normally, TV networks require viewers to sign in with a cable or satellite subscription. That's being waived starting with the pre-game coverage at noon ET. The free viewing will conclude with a postgame episode of "This Is Us," expected to run until about 11 p.m.
On personal computers, the same coverage will be available through NBCSports.com and NBC.com, again without any sign-in requirements.
Last year's broadcaster, Fox, also waived the sign-in requirements. What's new is a lifting of restrictions on phones.
In the past, you had to be a Verizon customer to watch on a phone. A new rights deal means that customers of Verizon's rivals will be able to watch, too. On Apple and Android mobile devices, you can turn to apps from the NFL and Yahoo Sports (Verizon now owns the latter). You won't be able to watch on a phone with the NBC app, but you can use it on a tablet. The NFL and Yahoo streams will include pre- and postgame coverage, but not "This Is Us."
___
ALL ABOUT THE ADS
The Super Bowl is the rare event where viewers do pay attention to ads. A 30-second spot goes for about $5 million. NBC says local ads sold by individual stations will also appear in the online streams, depending on the viewer's location.
NBC will post the national ads at NBCSports.com as they air. An ad analytics company, iSpot.tv, will also track, record and post ads online soon after they air. YouTube's AdBlitz will also have ads, but only the ones that brands choose to share there. You don't have to wait until Sunday, as many of the ads are already available online.
___
BEYOND NBC
Although NBC has the television rights this year, other outlets are planning features around the Super Bowl.
Without rights to video, ESPN is planning to showcase "the best photos throughout the game" on its website and app. The sports network will also feature analyses of big plays and controversial calls.
The NFL also plans Super Bowl podcasts leading up to the game, along with a special edition of its daily Twitter show, #NFLBlitz, on Sunday at 1 p.m. ET.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Los Angeles Lakers are bringing in former UCLA star Lonzo Ball for a second pre-NBA draft workout on Friday, a source told ESPN's Ramona Shelburne.
The workout will not be at the Lakers facility in El Segundo, Calif., and instead will be held at an undisclosed location, the source said. The Lakers plan to take a detailed look at Ball's work ethic.
Ball previously had an individual workout in front of the Lakers brass, which included Magic Johnson, last Wednesday.
On Tuesday, the Lakers met with the UCLA coaching staff about Ball, the source told ESPN.
TORONTO — Independent electrical power services company Spark Power Corp. has acquired Bullfrog Power, a green energy provider.
Canaccord Genuity Acquisition Corp., which announced a proposed merger with Spark Power last month, announced the deal Wednesday. Financial terms of the agreement were not immediately available.
Spark Power co-CEO Andrew Clark says the combination of the companies gives Spark an integrated capability and depth of expertise to deliver affordable and sustainable power solutions.
The companies are expected continue to operate under their respective brands.
Seeing that this coming Tuesday is the 243rd anniversary of the Battle of Point Pleasant, allow me to set the scene for you.
It's 1774, and we're in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. For the last decade, the Shawnee Confederacy has been fighting any effort to expand into western Virginia and the Ohio Valley, which they rightfully considered their ancestral homeland. This has resulted in numerous conflicts between settlers and the Shawnee, leaving hundreds dead and scaring many into leaving the Shenandoah Valley. All can see that war is coming, but how did we reach this point?
When Europeans began to explore the interior of their colonies in the 1670s, they found that the dominant Native American tribe was no doubt that of the Shawnees. They were spread across the Mid-Atlantic, from Pennsylvania in the north to Georgia in the south and Illinois in the west. They were so powerful that their language became the common trade language for all Native Americans, much like English throughout the world today. However, this would not continue past 1750.
The first blow to the Shawnees' power base came from another tribe, the Iroquois. During a war over the fur trade, the tribes of the Ohio Valley were forced into submission by the Iroquois. While this destroyed much of their political power, the Shawnee still oversaw a vast territory. This changed as settlers began moving into the Shenandoah Valley. Rather than face constant conflict, the Shawnee agreed to recognize the Allegheny Ridge as the new border between European settlement and the Shawnee lands. To prove their sincerity, the Shawnee sent out messengers urging the entire tribe to collect in Ohio and Kentucky, where they could consolidate their power. This was the situation in 1758.
The next problem came when the British government failed to keep their word. Rather than using the Allegheny Mountains as the western boundary of their colonies, they allowed settlers to spread into the Ohio Valley. To make matters worse, the Iroquois and the British soon signed the Treaty of Fort Stanwix, which gave away all Iroquois lands south of the Ohio River (AKA West Virginia and Kentucky). From the Shawnee perspective, this was both a violation of two treaties and an encroachment into their ancestral lands. The British had violated the Treaty of Easton, which prevented settlement west of the Alleghenies, and the Iroquois had violated the treaty which ended the Beaver Wars and required them to protect the Shawnee and their interests. By all laws and customs of the Shawnee, they had to retaliate, and retaliate they did.
From 1755-1774, the Shawnees, led by Hokoleskwa (Chief Cornstalk), raided settlements throughout the Ohio, Kanawha, Greenbrier, and Shenandoah valleys, massacring hundreds in an attempt to force them out. No region was spared. At Lewisburg, two entire settlements were wiped out. The same happened at Kerr's Creek, Va., twice. There were also attacks at Morgantown, Wheeling, and Bulltown.
Frontiersmen began writing to the governor of Virginia, Lord Dunmore, in the hope that he would send troops or munitions to protect them. Instead, Dunmore went a step further and ordered every militia captain to raise their militias and join his march against the Shawnee. From Winchester, Va., Dunmore led an army of 1,700 militiamen to Wheeling and then into Ohio. From Lewisburg, Andrew Lewis led an army of 1,100 militiamen to the mouth of the Great Kanawha River, where he was to meet Lord Dunmore's army and continue towards the Shawnee towns near present-day Chillicothe.
Next week, I'll be continuing this story with the Battle of Point Pleasant and the Treaty of Camp Charlotte.
Information from the WV Encyclopedia, letters from Dunmore's War, and Virgil Lewis' “History of the Battle of Point Pleasant.”
Lord Dunmore http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2017/10/web1_10.7-PPR-Dunmore.jpg Lord Dunmore
War is coming
By Chris Rizer Special to the Register
Chris Rizer is president of the Mason County Historical and Preservation Society.
Chris Rizer is president of the Mason County Historical and Preservation Society.
Many people are scared of retirement and worry about what life will be like without a paycheck. Preparing for retirement can at times seem like a daunting task. But there is nothing mysterious about saving for the future. If you've managed to find and keep a job, get married and raise a couple of kids or buy and maintain a house for 40 years, then retirement should not seem like the impossible goal that some people believe it is. Here are three reasons you shouldn't be afraid of retirement:
[See: 10 Ways to Celebrate Your Retirement.]
You may have more money than you think. You may have read that private pensions are being phased out and most people aren't saving enough to make up the difference. While these reports may cause some concern, they do not necessarily mean we are all headed for poverty in retirement. Many current retirees in their 70s and 80s enjoy some kind of pension plan. And even a small pension plan can be worth a lot over the course of your retirement. A pension of just $20,000 per year is roughly equivalent to half a million dollars over 25 years of retirement.
However, many younger workers will need to save enough to retire without a pension. The good news is they still have time to accumulate a respectable retirement account balance. I recall a colleague who was celebrating his youngest daughter's graduation from college a few years ago. We joked about how rich he would be now that he was no longer paying college tuition. He laughed and said, "Yeah, now I can finally start saving for retirement." Like my colleague, younger workers have time to catch up on savings, especially when they hit their prime earning years in their 50s.
[Read: 6 Social Security Calculators That Can Help You Decide When to Claim.]
Social Security and Medicare are more solvent than people say. The Social Security system has resources to pay full benefits until the year 2034, according to the latest trustee report That gives politicians almost 20 years to make the necessary adjustments. But even if nothing changes, Social Security will still be able to pay about 75 percent of its obligations. Nobody wants to take a 25 percent pay cut, but that's not the same as going broke. Meanwhile, the average benefit for a retired worker is $1,364 per month. That's not a lot to live on, but it's a start.
Over half of retirees rely on Social Security for more than half of their income, according to government reports. However, these estimates may undercount some of the money that is available to seniors. For example, the government does not count as income the money people take out of their pension as a lump sum, and may not fully count 401(k) and IRA withdrawals.
[See: 10 Tips for Finding a Great Place to Retire.]
You have plenty of options. Most of us have resources above and beyond what we may have in our IRA or 401(k) account, and we also have a great deal of control over our standard of living as we shed responsibilities, shift priorities and change our lifestyles. A retiree can decide to take a part-time job or turn a hobby into an income producing activity. A retired couple could buy a new house in Florida for less money and lower taxes than the similar house they owned in the Northeast. As one early retiree told me a few years ago, he was making half as much money, but he was twice as happy. His kids were grown and his house was paid off, so he didn't need the money. What mattered was that he no longer had to commute, no longer had to answer to a boss, no longer had too much stress and could now focus on his health and well-being.
By many measures, worries about retirement are overblown. However, that doesn't mean you should be complacent. It's true that private pensions are not as plentiful as they once were. Social Security alone does not provide a luxurious lifestyle. But we have plenty of other resources to help us out in retirement, from the support of friends and family to our own capacity to change our lifestyles. Still, don't forget to sock away a little extra money for your later years. It's better to be safe than sorry.
Tom Sightings is the author of "You Only Retire Once" and blogs at Sightings at 60.
The Orange County high school sports schedule for Wednesday, April 25.
BASEBALLGames 3:15 p.m. unless notedTRINITY LEAGUEMater Dei at JSerra, 6 p.m., Servite at Orange Lutheran, 7 p.m.
SUNSET LEAGUENewport Harbor at Edison, Fountain Valley at Huntington Beach
SOUTH COAST LEAGUESan Clemente at Aliso Niguel, Mission Viejo at Capistrano Valley
SEA VIEW LEAGUETrabuco Hills at Tesoro, 3:30 p.m.
NORTH HILLS LEAGUEVilla Park at Yorba Linda, Brea Olinda vs. Canyon at Angel Stadium, 6 p.m.
CRESTVIEW LEAGUEFoothill at El Dorado, Esperanza at El Modena
GOLDEN WEST LEAGUELoara at Santa Ana
FREEWAY LEAGUEFullerton at Buena Park, 3 p.m., Sunny Hills at Troy, Sonora at La Habra
EMPIRE LEAGUETustin at Pacifica, Kennedy at Cypress, Valencia at Western
NONLEAGUEEl Toro at San Juan Hills, 7 p.m.
SOFTBALLGames 3:15 p.m. unless notedPACIFIC COAST LEAGUECorona del Mar at Woodbridge, 3:30 p.m.
ORANGE COAST LEAGUESaddleback at Calvary Chapel, Godinez at Costa Mesa, Estancia at Laguna Beach, 4 p.m.
ORANGE LEAGUESavanna at Century, Magnolia at Anaheim
GOLDEN WEST LEAGUESanta Ana at Westminster, Segerstrom at Ocean View, Orange at Loara
NONLEAGUEBeckman at Trabuco Hills, 3:30 p.m.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — A Gaza health official says the death of a 9-month-old girl remains under investigation, two weeks after a medical official cast doubt on claims she died from Israeli tear gas.
A medical report issued on May 14, the day of Layla Ghandour's death, and seen by The Associated Press makes no mention of tear gas. It says she suffered from a congenital heart defect and died after her blood circulation and respiratory system stopped.
Dozens of Palestinians were killed that day by Israeli fire and hundreds were hurt, including by tear gas, in Gaza border protests. Layla's relatives claimed she was at the scene of the protests.
Health Ministry spokesman Ashraf al-Kidra said Wednesday that her death remains under investigation. The ministry initially announced she was killed by tear gas.
Kumkum Bhagya 19 March 2018 full Episode Written Updates: Simonica's plan goes flop Poorab tells Pragya that he has sent the bomb to the bomb squad and they don't have to be scared anymore. However, they are bent on finding out who the killer is. They figure out that it is Simonica. Pragya goes to confront her.
In the previous episode, Abhi takes drunk Pragya to their room and Pragya reveals to him the truth about her identity. She tells him that she loves him and would go to any extent to protect him. Since she is drunk, she immediately falls asleep after lying on the bed. Soon, Poorab comes to wake her up as he has found the gift box containing the bomb.
9:00pm- Poorab takes Pragya out of the room as he wants to talk to her. Sangram asks Simonica what plans she has for escaping. Simonica goes to check whether the gift is near Abhi in order for the plan to take effect in full shape.
9:02pm- Simonica wants Pragya to be with Abhi when the bomb explodes so that they die together. Sangam is planning to take Disha out of the house before the bomb explodes but Simonica comes and hits him. He falls unconscious.
9:04pm- Poorab tells Pragya that he has already handed over the bomb to the bomb squad. They decide to keep an eye on the gifts' table because they feel that the person behind the plan will definitely have a look before leaving.
9:05pm- Simonica is lurking around the gifts' table. But the Pragya tells Poorab how her doubts got cleared when when she went to her house to check. She also tells him what Jyoti, her doctor friend, told her.
9:07pm- Simonica decides to go to Abhi's room to check for the gift. Poorab and Pragya follow her.
9:08pm- Abhi brings chocolates for everyone. Everyone asks him the reason for distributing chocolates. Dadi feels that he now knows that this surprise party is for him.
9:12pm- Dadi asks him to tell her the reason for distributing chocolates. He tells everyone that he knows the reason behind this party. Everyone comes forward to wish him.
9:19pm- Simonica frantically looks for her gift and spots a bomb detector. She is angry and Pragya tells her that she told Poorab about the bomb.
9:22pm- Poorab and Disha are going to look for Pragya but Abhi stops them. Poorab asks Disha to come along with him and look for Pragya.
9:27pm- Pragya confronts Simonica and Simonica asks her where the bomb is. Pragya slaps her and asks her have a little shame. Simonica refuses to believe that her plan has gone flop. Pragya tells her about her fault in the plan.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 continues its marketing blitz with a test screening Monday night (critics' reactions from the screening are rounded up here), the cast assembling on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, and two more TV spots, including the video above which Vin Diesel (he is Groot) posted on his ridiculously-popular Facebook page with the message “We are…” This is one of the funniest moments from any promo video so far:
Groot: “I am Groot.” Rocket Raccoon: “They were not looking at you funny.”
Whatever that sweet baby angel Groot just did (probably this), I'm sure they had it coming.
And here's another TV spot to remind us Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 opens on May 5th, and that's coming much sooner than you might think.
By ADAM BEAM
Associated Press
GEORGETOWN, Ky. (AP) - Norfolk Southern is moving derailed freight cars off the tracks after two trains collided in Georgetown, Kentucky, and sent four people to the hospital, the company said Monday in a statement.
Four train crew members were taken to the hospital after the crash as a precaution and have been released with no injuries, though one employee is still being evaluated, the statement said.
Officials say the trains collided head-on late Sunday, derailing both locomotives and 13 cars and igniting a fire that forced nearby residents to evacuate. Lexington Fire Department spokeswoman Lt. Jessica Bowman said residents were allowed to return home once officials determined there was no safety risk. Bowman couldn't confirm what substance had spilled and was burning, but Norfolk Southern later said a non-hazardous nut oil had spilled and was being cleaned.
The company said it is working to clear and repair the track and have it back in service Tuesday.
Shortly after the crash, police told the Scott County School superintendent, Kevin Hub, to open schools as emergency shelters, and buses were sent to the neighborhood to collect people without transportation. Hub said he could see smoke billowing from the scene and they were prepared to receive hundreds of people. The Red Cross even arrived with snacks. Shortly after many residents arrived, they were able to return home.
The crash remains under investigation.
At Lemons Hill Elementary, Christina Griffin said she was asleep when neighbors called her around 11:30 p.m. to say they needed to evacuate. As she and her son were leaving, an officer warned them to get out of the neighborhood, she said.
Betty Boyer had just laid down when she heard what she thought was something exploding.
"We thought, what the hell was that? Was it a train? Was it a trailer? We didn't see any smoke," she said. Then she then got a call from her son in Missouri asking if they were being evacuated. He'd apparently received a message from a friend who saw the accident on Facebook, she said.
She grabbed her purse and a pillow and headed over to the elementary school.
"I'm supposed to be up at 6 a.m. in the morning to go to work," she said. "That ain't happening."
___
This story has been changed. The surnames of Griffin and Boyer have been corrected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Last week marked the beginning of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, and an uptick in Hillel's activities on campus.
Hillel is a student-run organization with the goal of cultivating a rich Jewish life on campus for those practicing the faith and those who are interested in learning about other religions.
The Hillel organization began in 1923 with the goal of helping educate college students about their Jewish faith and culture. It has spread to 550 different campuses and 56 different countries, according to the website. Hillel came to Wake Forest 20 years ago and the chapter was named by the Rosenblatt family in 2015.
“A lot of times people think it's just religious, but it's actually a very social group,” Gail Bretan, director of Jewish life on campus, said.
She went on to explain that Hillel hosts a Shabbat supper twice a month in the basement lounge of Collins. They celebrate the Sabbath together, a holy day of rest, by eating a meal as a large group after some blessings are shared by the board members. Typically 40 to 60 students show up each week. Bretan explained that some students bring their non-Jewish friends along to these gatherings because of the good food and welcoming environment.
Senior Jamie Lichtenstein is the president of Hillel this year. She and the other members of the Board are responsible for planning events, which include social gatherings and services on the High Holy Days of the Jewish calendar. Most of the students involved with Hillel have a Jewish background, but some like to come for the fun events and the community feel.
During Rosh Hashanah, Hillel celebrated with services in Davis Chapel and the ceremony of Tashlich on the Sept. 21, partnering with the local Winston-Salem temple for this service. Yom Kippur, the holiest day in the Jewish calendar, is Sept. 29. Hillel is hosting services and events all day. Kol Nidrei marks the beginning of Yom Kippur, and is characterized by a fast from sunset on Friday until sundown of the next day. At sundown, Hillel is having a meal to end their day of fasting, as is tradition with families or temples back home.
Many of their events are centered on holy days, but are social in nature. For example, during the first week of October, Hillel will be celebrating Sukkot, the holiday of harvest. They will build a Sukkah, or a hut, together and share a meal in it as a group. Students like Lichtenstein enjoy celebrating these days together because “it's nice to bring the traditions to school.”
Wake Forest's Hillel works closely with other faith-based organizations on campus through the Interfaith United Team. This group includes the Muslim Student Organization, the Episcopal student group, the Baptist Student Union, the Lutheran student group, Presbyterian Student Fellowship and the Catholic community. These student groups come together and have large community events.
Amit Nir, sophomore and board member said, “I am involved in Hillel because I want to grow and improve the Jewish life here at Wake Forest. I am not religious, but after a few months here I realized the importance of having a strong Jewish life presence on campus, especially with all the anti-Semitism going on around the world. So I decided to become part of the board so I can help make Hillel better and have a bigger presence on campus.”
Both Bretan and Lichtenstein agree that the end goal of Hillel is to create an inclusive and fun community on campus that welcomes students and helps them learn more about Jewish culture.
“We support Jewish students as they live their personal and communal Jewish journeys,” Bretan said.
From left, Bavarian Prime Minister Horst Seehofer, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI and his brother Georg sit on the occasion of a party for Benedict's 90th birthday, at the Vatican Monday, April 17, 2017. His aide, Monsignor Georg Gaenswein, said Benedict's birthday, which falls on Easter Sunday this year, will be celebrated on Monday in Bavarian style in keeping with the emeritus pontiff's roots. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
20:36 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Developer sentenced in scam to build Hasidic Catskills village Read a more prominent Jewish real estate developer is sentenced for registering fake voters to get politicians favorable to the project elected. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Two people suffering from gunshot wounds drove themselves to the hospital (Source: WAFB)
UPDATE
Two people have been arrested after a man was reportedly shot and killed by his cousin during a basketball game.
On Wednesday, the Baton Rouge Police Department arrested Johnny Sanford, 30, and Tabbita Reed, 42, in connection with the shooting death of Andre Guy.
Sanford is charged with second degree murder, attempted second degree murder, and obstruction of justice. Sanford reportedly admitted to exchanging gunfire with Andre, then disabling and getting rid of the weapon in the Mississippi River.
Reed is charged with accessory after the fact. She allegedly told police she had not seen Sanford, who was found hiding in attic in his home.
Sanford and Reed were both booked into the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison.
ORIGINAL STORY
Baton Rouge Police are asking for the public's help in locating a suspect accused of shooting and injuring his cousin Sunday night.
One person died and another person was also injured in the incident.
The Baton Rouge Police Department reported Andre Guy, 35, of Slaughter, was killed in the incident. Timothy Guy was also injured, but is expected to survive.
According to police, the shooting happened on South Afton Parkway just before 7 p.m. after an argument during a basketball game. Officers said both victims were driven to the hospital before they arrived at the scene.
Johnny Sanford, 30, of Baton Rouge, is wanted on the charge of attempted second degree murder for allegedly shooting his cousin.
Sanford's cousin was shot multiple times in his lower extremities and is expected to survive.
This investigation remains ongoing.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Sanford or the shooting is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 225-344-7867.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
In a new opinion, Vice Chancellor Slights takes up an interesting case. The facts are complicated, but basically boil down to this: On a seven-person board, all of the directors lacked independence a director and an asset management firm with whom the nominal defendant corporation engaged in various transactions. Curiously, however, plaintiff did not claim that a majority of the board was interested in the challenged transactions. The defendants therefore argued that the transaction had been properly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors and that section 144(a)(1) therefore had been satisfied. Accordingly, defendants argued, the business judgment rule is the correct standard of review not the entire fairness standard.
VC Slights' detailed analysis is bookended as follows:
Our case law interpreting Section 144(a)(1) is murky at best. ... I am satisfied that compliance with Section 144(a)(1) does not necessarily invoke business judgment review of an interested transaction.
This strikes me as somewhat of an overstatement. In my treatise Corporate Law (Concepts and Insights) , I explain that:
Conflicted interest transactions today are governed by so-called interested director statutes, of which DGCL § 144 is typical. Section 144(a) states that an conflicted interest transaction shall not be “void or voidable solely” because of the director's conflict or “solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the board or committee which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such director's or officer's votes are counted for such purpose,” provided at least one of three conditions are satisfied. Subsection (a)(1) shields transactions approved by “a majority of the disinterested directors” provided there has been full disclosure of the material facts relating both to the transaction and to the director's conflict of interest. Subsection (a)(2) shields transactions “specifically approved in good faith by vote of the shareholders,” again following full disclosure. Subsection (a)(3) shields a transaction that is “fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the board of directors, a committee or the shareholders.”[1] The three subsections are in the disjunctive, so satisfying any one will invoke the statute's protection for the challenged transaction. Under DGCL § 144(b), an interested director may be counted towards the quorum necessary for board action.[2] Subsection (a) rejects common law cases like Globe Woolen that invalidate a conflicted interest transaction solely because the interested director voted on the transaction. Subsection (a) also rejects common law cases invalidating transactions in which a majority of the board is interested. So long as the transaction is approved by a majority of disinterested directors, even if they be less than a quorum, the transaction is not void or voidable solely on any of those grounds. Because the statute does not fully validate related party transactions, but only shields them from per se invalidation, a critical question is whether valid action under the statute precludes judicial review of a properly approved transaction. Unfortunately, there is surprisingly little case law on the effect of approval by the disinterested directors. The leading Delaware case remains Puma v. Marriott,[3] in which a disgruntled Marriott Corporation shareholder challenged the corporation's purchase of six other companies from the Marriott family. At the time of the transaction, the Marriott family collectively owned 44% of Marriott Corporation's stock. Four of the nine directors were Marriott family members. The acquisition was unanimously approved by the five disinterested directors. Without reference to § 144, the court held that on those facts the business judgment rule was the applicable standard of review. Some commentators contend the same rule applies to transactions reviewed under § 144(a)(1).[4] Dicta in at least one Delaware supreme court decision seemingly supports this view.[5] It also is supported by a few decisions from other jurisdictions interpreting comparable statutes.[6]
Contrary to the VC, I don't regard the state of Delaware law as "murky." Rather, I would describe it as "sparse but reasonably well settled." As I have written elsewhere:
... even in cases implicating loyalty claims, Delaware corporate law places great emphasis on deference to director decisions. Under DGCL section 144(a), approval by a majority of fully informed and disinterested directors effectively immunizes a related-party transaction from meaningful judicial review. Per Puma v. Marriott, approval by disinterested directors invokes the business judgment rule as the standard of review for conflicted-interest transactions. Likewise, in Marciano v. Nakash, the Delaware Supreme Court held that “approval by fully-informed disinterested directors under section 144(a)(1) . . . permits invocation of the business judgment rule and limits judicial review to issues of gift or waste with the burden of proof upon the party attacking the transaction.”
Stephen M. Bainbridge et. al., The Convergence of Good Faith and Oversight, 55 UCLA L. Rev. 559, 602–03 (2008).
One can debate whether Marciano's statement is dicta (I've wobbled on that issue myself), but it's still the leading Delaware Supreme Court decision on point (pace Benihana).
There is, however, a more interesting wrinkle. Delaware courts have not always read section 144 literally. Back to my Corporate Law treatise:
In Fliegler v. Lawrence, defendant John C. Lawrence was president of Agau Mines, Inc., a gold and silver mining corporation. Lawrence had individually acquired some antimony properties, which he offered to Agau. In consultation with Lawrence, the Agau board declined on grounds that the corporation's legal and financial position did not allow it to undertake the venture. Lawrence then formed the United States Antimony Co. (USAC), to which the properties were transferred. USAC granted Agau an option to acquire USAC in exchange for Agau stock, which Agau eventually exercised. The decision to exercise the option was approved by the shareholders. Dissenting Agau shareholders then sued. Defendants relied on DGCL § 144(a)(2) in arguing that shareholder approval relieved defendants of the common law obligation to prove the transaction's fairness. The court agreed that shareholder ratification of a conflicted interest transaction shifted the burden of proof from the defendants to the objecting shareholders. On the facts of this case, however, the burden would not shift. A majority of the shares voted in favor of the transaction had been cast by the interested defendants in their capacities as Agau shareholders. In the court's view, those votes should not count. Instead, only the votes cast by disinterested shareholders count and only the vote of a majority of such disinterested shareholders has the desired burden-shifting effect. The court's reading of § 144 is inconsistent with a plain-meaning approach to statutory construction. Section 144(a)(1) requires approval by “a majority of the disinterested directors,” but § 144(a)(2) requires only approval by a “vote of the shareholders.” The statute's drafters thus inserted a requirement of disinterest in (a)(1) but not in (a)(2). Accordingly, on the face of the statute, shareholder approval ought to be effective even if the shareholders are not disinterested. Although the court was not faithful to the statutory language, its interpretation does appeal to common sense. Cases arising under these statutes confront courts with issues of ethics and morality, principles of fiduciary obligation, and situations in which the facts are all important. Consequently, the courts tend to treat the precise language of these provisions somewhat cavalierly.
Accordingly, the VC could have said something like this: Although section 144(a)(1) on its face only requires that the directors be disinterested, a requirement that such directors also be independent of those who have an interest in the transaction is implied. Cf. Davidowitz v. Edelman , 153 Misc. 2d 853, 857, 583 N.Y.S.2d 340, 343 (Sup. Ct. 1992), aff'd, 203 A.D.2d 234, 612 N.Y.S.2d 882 (1994) ("The close business and personal relations demonstrated among the committee members, the board and Edelman preclude this court from finding that the committee possessed the required disinterested independence" of a special litigation committee seeking termination of derivative litigation.); Egleston ex rel. Chesapeake Energy Corp. v. McClendon , 2014 OK CIV APP 11, ¶ 16, 318 P.3d 210, 217 ("For a director to be “independent,” he or she must be both disinterested and free from ‘the influence of other interested persons.' Rales, 634 A.2d at 936;").
Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in a post on his social media network that while he once questioned his Jewish upbringing, he now believes that “religion is very important.”
The post came after he wished his followers a “Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah” on Dec. 25, according to reports over the weekend.
Zuckerberg once identified himself as an atheist.
skip - Mark Zuckerberg was celebrating Christmas.
In response to a comment asking, “But aren't you an atheist?” Zuckerberg replied: “No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important.”
Zuckerberg's wife, Priscilla Chan, practices Buddhism. The couple met with Pope Francis at the Vatican last summer.
An official of the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) was killed by motorcycle-riding gunmen near his office on West Avenue, Quezon City, as he was about to report for work on Wednesday morning.
Alberto Enriquez Jr., chief of the assessment section of BIR Revenue District Office No. 28, was shot at 7:29 a.m. in the parking lot of Ambianza Apartelle, which was adjacent to the BIR office in Barangay Phil-Am, the police said.
A report to Chief Supt. Guillermo Eleazar, director of the Quezon City Police District (QCPD), said the 49-year-old Enriquez had just alighted from the driver's side of his white Hyundai Santa Fe, when the suspects arrived on a motorcycle and stopped nearby.
ADVERTISEMENT
Footage from a closed-circuit television camera showed the BIR official opening his backseat door to get his uniform when the backrider approached and shot him in the face. Enriquez sustained a gunshot wound on his right temple and died on the spot.
The clip also showed the assailants fleeing toward Edsa, with only the motorcycle driver wearing a helmet. Police later recovered a 9mm bullet casing as well as two cell phones from the crime scene.
The investigator on the case, PO3 Elario Wanawan, said cash worth over P57,000 was found in a bag on the vehicle's backseat. The money was turned over to Enriquez's family, he said.
In a press conference, Eleazar announced the creation of Task Group Enriquez to investigate the killing. “We will be looking at his work place to determine whether the motive behind the killing was work-related or personal,” he said, adding that robbery had been ruled out since there was no cash or valuables stolen.
The probe would also check if Wednesday's attack had any connection to the case of another BIR official who was ambushed by gunmen on a motorbike also in Quezon City last year, Eleazar said.
On Nov. 21, 2016, then BIR Makati office director Jonas Amora was shot dead near the corner of Topside Road and Katipunan Avenue. The attack also wounded his driver. A month later, the QCPD arrested the suspected gunman, Alan Manalo, a 43-year-old Batasan Hills resident.
Quoting Leonora Ruizol, revenue district officer of BIR RDO 28, Eleazar said Enriquez had not spoken of any work-related problems lately.
As chief of the assessment section, Enriquez was not directly involved in any tax case investigation, according to Marina De Guzman, BIR regional director for Quezon City.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He oversees the duties and responsibilities of revenue officers under his sector, who in turn investigate taxpayers which are issued letters of authority,” De Guzman told the Inquirer in a phone interview. “He just works in the office.”
In mourning, coworkers lit two candles on Enriquez's desk, where documents awaited his signature. Rodel Buenaobra, assistant revenue district officer, described his slain colleague as “very professional” and always punctual.
“He's very down-to-earth and accommodating to taxpayers. He would even accompany them to the offices downstairs even if he was already our chief,” Luane Martin said of her boss.
Enriquez usually parked his vehicle at the adjacent apartelle due to the lack of space in the BIR premises.
The BIR official was transferred to Quezon City from the Marikina revenue district office in March 2016 as part of the regular rotation of personnel, the Inquirer learned.
BIR Revenue Office No. 28 covers 20 barangays mostly in Novaliches.
Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III condemned the killing and called for the immediate arrest of the perpetrators.
“To the family of Mr. Enriquez, my deepest condolences on their loss,” Dominguez said in a statement. “We strongly condemn the killing of Mr. Enriquez and call on the Philippine National Police and the National Bureau of Investigation to find the perpetrators behind this heinous act and bring them to justice soon.” —WITH REPORTS FROM BEN O. DE VERA, PAULINE FAYE TRIA
At the core of Mr. Schrems's complaints is the question of whether tech companies are giving people realistic choices about how their data is collected and used.
Like many companies, Facebook and Google, which developed the Android mobile operating system, prompted users last week to accept new terms of service that explained their data collection particulars. Facebook members who declined to accept the new terms were unable to log into their accounts. Android users who didn't agree to the new terms were, in effect, locked out of their phones.
Mr. Schrems said these all-or-nothing privacy policies violated the G.D.P.R.'s requirement that consent be particularized and “freely given.” To comply with the law, he said, large tech platforms need to give privacy-conscious users the option of sharing certain types of data but not others.
Realistically, Mr. Schrems said, “you're not going to walk away from all your friends on Facebook.”
Opponents of the G.D.P.R. have said the law could end up backfiring by making it harder for smaller companies, which don't tend to have huge teams of European legal experts at their disposal, to compete with the American tech giants. It could mean that European users are required to pay more for certain internet services, to offset reduced advertising revenue. (The Washington Post is already offering an ad- and tracking-free “premium E.U. subscription” that costs 50 percent more than a regular subscription.) In a worst-case scenario, it could turn Europe into a kind of technological dead zone, a place where influential American tech companies simply refuse to tread.
Mr. Schrems shrugged off these concerns. The European market is too lucrative for companies like Google and Facebook to abandon, he said. And he doesn't believe that social networks and search engines would suffer unduly if they were forced to be more judicious about how they collected fine-grain data about people for the purposes of selling more ads.
“You can still make a lot of money without microtargeting,” he said.
Mr. Schrems's quest is far from finished. Regulators could decide not to pursue investigations, expensive litigation could drag on for years, and Silicon Valley companies are furiously adding lobbyists to try to influence the nascent rule-making process.
But if these types of complaints succeed — and it's not entirely crazy to think that they could, given the current antipathy toward American tech giants and the satisfaction that European officials might take in kneecapping a few of them — it could be a watershed moment for large tech companies.
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died at the age of 60 following a long illness, his family has said.
The star, best known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop in the early 1980s, died at home after battling a progressive lung condition.
Keith Chegwin hosting Herrington Burn Carnival in 1980.
A statement from his family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. His wife Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side.
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private."
The Liverpool-born television star appeared at a number of summer events throughout the North East at the height of his fame.
LONDON (AP) — Tim Cahill signed a short-term deal with English second-tier club Millwall on Monday in a move designed to help Australia's all-time record scorer prepare for the World Cup in Russia.
The 38-year-old forward returns to a team for whom he scored 57 goals in 251 appearances from 1998-2004. He will stay at Millwall until the end of the English season, which finishes about a month before the World Cup.
"The romance of the story is definitely not lost on me," Cahill said. "I've always said that if I came back to England, I'd come home. Millwall is where I learnt my trade and it was the most important learning period of my life."
Cahill left Millwall for Everton in 2004, then joined New York Red Bulls in 2012. He went on to have a spell in China before returning to Australia to join Melbourne City in 2016.
With the help of Cahill, Australia qualified for the World Cup by beating Honduras in an intercontinental playoff over two legs in November.
Notes on city council happenings …
New homes goal for soccer field
A new subdivision will be created in east St. Catharines on Berkley Drive.
Council approved a draft plan for 30 detached dwellings fronting a new public road west of E.I. McCulley Public School.
The 1.6 -hectare site was formerly owned by Niagara Catholic District School Board and contained soccer fields used in conjunction with Berkley Park to the south.
St. George's Coun. Sal Sorrento said it's desperately needed housing in the city.
A concern for the number of soccer fields being lost to developments in St. Catharines was raised by Grantham Coun. Bill Phillips.
“Are we going to be in a deficit as far as soccer fields are concerned in the city?”
Acting director of parks, recreation and culture services Phil Cristi said at least one soccer field would be affected by the Berkley Drive development.
But Mayor Walter Sendzik said two soccer fields were added to the complement recently when Catherine Street Park was rehabilitated by the city and at the former Queen Mary Public School, which he said has a functioning soccer field.
City on board with inter-municipal transit
St. Catharines city council once again supported a plan for regional transit.
Councillors consented to a bylaw to provide Niagara Region with the non-exclusive authority to establish, operate and maintain an inter-municipal passenger transportation system.
Council had already unanimously endorsed the principle of a consolidated transit system with Niagara Falls and Welland at a special council meeting on Feb. 22.
Regional council voted to endorse in principle the consolidated creation on March 23 and adopted a bill to establish, operate and maintain it. But the idea must be passed in a triple majority process before the bill can come into effect on June 1.
That means the majority of regional council must pass it along with the majority of the region's 12 municipal councils, representing the majority of Niagara's population.
Club scores baseball parking
Visitors to the Grantham Optimist Club's youth baseball opening and closing weekends will be allowed to park on Linwell Road, despite a city staff recommendation against it.
Council approved the club's request to temporarily waive parking restrictions on the south side of Linwell Road between Lake and Geneva Streets during the May 27-28 and Aug. 26-27 weekends.
The temporary parking exemption will continue for opening and closing baseball season weekends for another five years.
Grantham Optimist Club president Don Walker told council that more than 400 boys and girls between ages four and 18 participate in Optimist's baseball season.
Traditionally the two-day opening and closing weekends attract more spectators than the parking lot allows, he said.
Parents, grandparents and numerous guests arrive and leave at various times in the day. Walker said the club was concerned if council didn't waive the parking restriction, visitors will park illegally and annoy neighbours on adjoining side streets.
City staff had recommended council deny the request because parking is restricted on roads with bicycle lanes.
But Grantham Coun. Bill Phillips said allowing people to park on the south side of Linwell means not as many people will be dodging cars crossing Linwell Road. Phillips said it's only two weekends during the year and will help out an organization that contributes tremendously to the community.
Mixed use building gets mixed reviews
A proposal to permit the construction of a mixed-use commercial and residential building on Martindale Road near Grapeview Drive was pushed to another meeting.
Council asked staff to explore a compromise between the applicant and neighbours who oppose a zoning change to allow a commercial build.
The proposal is for 700 square metres of ground floor commercial space and 700 square metres of second floor residential space. That requires a change in zoning from low density residential to local convenience commercial.
Applicant agent Chris Millar told council the applicant has provided concessions for six of the seven resident requests.
But St. Patrick's Coun. Mat Siscoe said he couldn't support the staff recommendation to change the zoning because the expectation for residents was the land would remain residential.
“They purchased their homes with the understanding that this was going to be a residential development if ever it was redeveloped.”
But St. George's Coun. Sal Sorrento said the property is surrounded by commercial buildings. “We're trying to encourage people to invest in our community commercially, residentially and I'm getting the sense we're putting up barriers.”
The issue will come back to council on May 8.
Condos proposed near creek
A draft plan for 14 condominiums on Lakeshore Road was presented to council.
The proposed neighbourhood at 168 and 170 Lakeshore RD. consists of 10 townhouses and two semi-detached dwellings on a private road with visitor parking. Spring Garden Creek traverses the site along the west boundary. The plan calls for a dozen spruce trees to be moved onto lands owned by the city down the slope.
City planner Aaron Butler said the 14 proposed units are at the low-end of density allowed in official plan for the property.
Council will vote on a zoning bylaw amendment for the plan on April 24.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
Shutterstock
Last month was interesting, right? Everyone nailed their dishes and you — our beloved fans — gushed. At the end of the day, we slapped one another on the butts and moved on. No one tweeted to me about my terrible ingredient choices, wrote microfiction about Vince, or riffed on Zach's love for sous vide in comments for a random post. There were few burns to be had; three great chilis led to no heat.
Sure, sure, it was cool to see three people cook well all at once, but it certainly wasn't the most thrilling entry in the series.
Screeeeeew that. What joy is there, without mistakes for you to tease? What fun is cooking well if a fellow chef isn't getting shredded? This is cooking battle, not cooking friends. The burns are half the fun. Maybe all the fun, for those of you who can't actually taste what we prepare.
Well good news, pals: It's February and the lovefest is officially over. We all got a little weird on this one. We swung for the fences. We made mistakes. We teased one another's techniques, ingredients, and distant relatives. We piled it on — both with our dishes (none of us made “minimalist nachos”) and with the criticism.
No more talk, it's game time! Tear into us, then tear into these three Super Bowl nachos!
— Steve Bramucci, Managing Editor, Uproxx Life
BLT Showdown — 1) Vince 2) Zach 3) Steve
Mac & Cheese Showdown — 1) Vince 2) (tie) Zach, Steve
Taco Showdown — 1) Steve 2) Zach 3) Vince
Winter Stew Showdown — 1) Zach 2) Steve 3) Vince
Date Night Showdown — 1) Zach 2) Vince 3) Steve
Pasta Showdown — 1) Steve 2) Zach 3) Vince
Hot Beef Showdown — 1) Zach 2) Vince 3) Steve
Shellfish Showdown — 1) Vince 2) Zach 3) Steve
BBQ Showdown — 1) Steve 2) Zach 3) Vince
Pumpkin Spice Showdown — 1) (tie) Vince, Zach 2) Steve
Thanksgiving Side Dish Showdown — 1) Vince 2) Steve 3) Zach
Christmas Dessert Showdown — 1) Steve 2) Vince 3) Zach
Chili Cook-off Showdown — 1) Zach 2) Steve 3) Vince
CURRENT SCORE:
We're giving three points to the winner and one to second place for each round. As it stands, the score is:
ZACH: 21
VINCE: 18
STEVE: 17
STEVE'S MODIFIED “NACHO BELL GRANDE”
Once upon a time, there was a high school senior named Steve Bramucci. He dyed his hair bottle blond, wore a puka shell necklace, and shopped at J.Crew. He owned a cherry red Honda Prelude and spent money in all of the ways a 17-year-old might consider “lavish.”
To afford this lifestyle, Steve imported fake Oakley sunglasses from Mexico to Portland (OR) and sold them as real to high school freshman throughout the city. In 1997, this was a very profitable racket. Besides the bucketloads of money, Steve finally felt cool. He scoured his Italian family tree to find someone connected to La Cosa Nostra, he quoted Scarface and hung out at Zumiez, if anyone questioned where the glasses came from he said they “fell off a truck” in order to play coy (though, in retrospect, the fact that a high schooler had figured out a way to ship massive boxes of copyright-infringing sunglasses into the U.S. would have been a much better story).
During this time, Steve went to a lot of parties. And at these parties, when he got hungry, he and some friends would inevitably run to Taco Bell. It is impossible to exaggerate just how hard Taco Bell crushed it in the 90s. Then Steve, always longing to seem impressive, would buy a two dozen Nacho Bell Grandes for the whole gang to enjoy. Envision the sort of kid who would think that was the ultimate baller gesture and you will understand our author like never before.
* * *
So much has changed in the interceding years. But damn if I'm not still in love with Nachos Bell Grande. Here's my riff:
Stephen Bramucci
Meat:
Vince teases my “meat slurries” but there are few things I cook that I'm so proud of. Ground beef lends itself to mangable bites, is easy to scoop, and holds flavor like nobody's business.
For this play on T-Bell, I used one pound of 80/20 ground beef and a half pound of pork. I laid that down on a base of de-seeded New Mexico chilies, garlic, onions, and fresh poblanos. For some reason, I have slowly grown to loathe bell peppers, but I absolutely love poblanos.
Stephen Bramucci
After searing the meat, I add spices:
1 can of storebought enchilada sauce.
1 packet of storebought taco powder.
Two shakes of cumin.
Two shakes of fish sauce.
A pinch of MSG.
Salt and pepper.
We don't have to go much further before I call out the fact that this is the most I've ever used pre-packaged ingredients. Guilty as charged. It's nachos, baby, the rules are dead.
Stephen Bramucci
Salsa: I am pretty in love with Taco Bell's salsa. So much so that I actually put it on my “20 Hot Sauces You Should Own” list. But in the end, I decided to serve a legit salsa — something bright and fresh enough to even out the richness of the pork and cheese.
This is wildly simple and dead solid perfect:
Cherry tomatoes (for the sweetness).
Raw garlic.
Raw onions.
Cilantro.
Salt and pepper.
One fresh red pepper (with seeds).
One dried red pepper (half de-seeded).
I blended it but left it at the rough chop stage. Salt and pepper to taste.
Mrs. Pauline Aughtman Gilmer, 84, of Opp, passed away at her residence on Jan. 20, 2017.
She was born August 1, 1932 in Coffee County to her late parents, Gertrude and Jesse Aughtman.
Gilmer graduated from Opp High School in 1950, and worked for several years in the Opp-Micolas Cotton Mill, in the cloth room as a cloth inspector.
She was a member of Kingdom Hall of Jehovah Witnesses and she loved her family dearly.
Mrs. Gilmer is survived by her husband of 66 years, Willie E. Gilmer; daughters and sons-in-law, Jennifer Cox and Mike and Kay Hudson and Steve; son and daughter-in-law, Mike Gilmer and Cassie; sister, Betty Tyree (Bernard); brother, Raymond Aughtman (Anita), and 8 grandchildren and 8 great-grandchildren.
Memorial services were held at 2 p.m. on Monday, Jan. 23, 2017 with Wyatt Funeral Home directing and Chad Summers speaking.
BIRMINGHAM – Chalk it up as another sweep for the Hoover High School indoor track and field programs.
The boys and girls teams from Hoover showed out and dominated the AHSAA State Indoor Track and Field Championships, held Friday and Saturday, Feb. 2-3, at the Birmingham CrossPlex. The Bucs claimed a pair of Class 7A state championships to add to their trophy case.
“It's quite an accomplishment,” said Hoover coach Devon Hind. “We had our work cut out for us.”
The Hoover boys totaled 135 points on the weekend, well clear of the 62.5 points tallied by runner-up Vestavia Hills. The girls expected somewhat of a tight battle with McGill-Toolen, but the Lady Bucs racked up 113 points to McGill's 78 to win comfortably.
The Bucs nearly won half of the meet's competitions at the 7A level, a remarkable thought that Hind was unable to find an answer for.
“Just like every other group, they know how to win,” he said. “I don't know what it is, they know how to win. When it's on the line, they know how to step up.”
In all, 14 individuals found their way to the podium for Hoover.
On the track, Sydney Steely won the 800-meters in 2:13.93, and placed second in the 1,600-meter run with a time of 5:03.97. In the 60-meter hurdles, Michelle Nkoudou (8.81) and Chakiya Plummer (8.91) swept the top two spots for Hoover.
Hakim Ruffin won the 60-meter dash with a quick time of 6.91 seconds. RJ Nelson finished right behind Ruffin in the 60, running it in 6.98 seconds to finish second. Noah Williams (second, 8.45) and Kennon Johnson (third, 8.60) also found their way to the podium in the 60-meter hurdles. Alex Leary placed second in the 800-meter run with a time of 1:57.08.
Out of six relays, Hoover won five of them. The girls won all three, the 4x200, 4x400 and 4x800 races. The girls completed the 4x200 in 1:43.12, finished the 4x400 in a 7A state meet record time of 3:55.24 and won the 4x800 in a site record time of 9:19.70.
The boys won two of the relays and finished second in the other one. They won the 4x200 in 1:29.36. They were awarded the win in the 4x400 after Smiths Station was disqualified, finishing in 3:24.01, and finished second to Smiths Station in the 4x800 with a time of 8:02.94.
In the field events, James Courson won the boys pole vault event by clearing the bar at 16 feet, 1 inch. He cleared over 18 inches more than his nearest competitor. Also winning an event was Genesis Jones, who won the girls high jump with a state meet record jump of 5-6. Jones also finished third in the long jump (17-4). Kyle Smith also won the boys triple jump, reaching 45 feet, 7 inches. He also placed second in the high jump (6-6).
J'Marri McCall was second in the long jump, reaching 22 feet, 1 inch. John Watkins was second in the triple jump at 43-5, and Riley White finished third in the pole vault, clearing 11 feet.
× .@HooverAthletics girls win the 4x400 relay. Also, @HewittAthletics got to the podium despite not even being in he final heat. Nice result for @HT_TrackXC. pic.twitter.com/H6l6Sptma3 — Kyle Parmley (@KyleParmley) February 3, 2018 Hoover wins 4x400
LONDON (AP) - Ireland says it will begin collecting more than 13 billion euros ($15.9 billion) of back taxes from Apple, 19 months after the European Commission ruled that a tax deal with the tech giant amounted to illegal state aid.
The Commission ordered Ireland to collect back taxes for the years 2003-2014, which it estimated at 13 billion euros plus interest. Ireland disagreed, saying the ruling undermined the integrity of the country's tax system.
But Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe says he will on Tuesday sign an agreement setting up the escrow account that will hold the payments while Apple and Ireland appeal. The payments should be completed by September.
Donohoe says the government "fundamentally disagrees with the ruling," but "Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MONTREAL, QC -- Looking not unlike a lushly blue life form on James Cameron's cinematic world of Pandora, the prototype of Michelin's Visionary concept tire glowingly held center stage on June 14 at the tire maker's Movin' On global conference on sustainable transportation.
Michelin Group Executive Vice President of research and development Terry K. Gettys called the airless tire-and-wheel combination a long-term concept that represents nothing less than “a concrete demonstration of a system of solutions for the future of sustainable mobility.”
More specifically, it can be viewed as the sum of three key elements:
BLOOMINGTON, IN -- Net trailer orders in March were up 50% over last year even if they were down 20% from February -- and reached 20,500 units overall, FTR reports.
The month-to-month drop in dry and refrigerated van orders is part of a typical seasonal decline, the analysts add. Trailer orders reached 246,000 in the last 12 months.
"The trailer market had a great production month. The [Original Equipment Manufacturers] finally started to increase build rates due to the strong orders of the past four months," said Don Ake, vice president - commercial vehicles. "Builds jumped an impressive 9% on a per-day level over February. Production was basically equal to last month, which is a great sign moving into the seasonally strong second quarter."
"The additional good news is the trailer vocational segments are showing some signs of life. Flatbed production was up considerably, as were dump trailers. The tanker segments are also moving in the right direction. These vocational segments continue to track closely with Class 8 trucks, which are also on the upswing. Fleets are growing much more optimistic about the business environment and they are buying more trailers again after a slump the second half of last year," he said.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
"Our goal is to make the playoffs," coach Brett Brown said. "Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, 'Let's get a home court.' And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team."
How's this for D?
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (1 of 5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead.
"Nothing matters unless we play defense," Brown said. "It's how we set the tone in this program since the day I arrived."
The 76ers have had countless dark days since Brown arrived in 2013.
The 19-, 18- and 10-win seasons that give birth to The Process have paid off this year, and the Sixers are set to reach the playoffs for the first time since 2012.
They are the favorites in the majority of their games and have become the team that now has to worry about playing down to the level of their competition.
Philadelphia could never really shake Charlotte until late.
Embiid hit two straight 3s and JJ Redick hit one to give the Sixers a 58-56 lead in the third. Marco Belinelli hit consecutive 3s late in the third to make it 72-64. He hit one more 3 for a 10-point lead to help the Sixers beat their third straight sub.-500 team (New York, Brooklyn).
Embiid hit one more 3 at the top of the arc to close the quarter.
Dario Saric hit a 3 in the fourth for an 88-83 lead and Robert Covington, who scored 18 points, sealed it with Philadelphia's 16th 3 of the game for a 12-point edge late in the fourth.
Kemba Walker led the Hornets, coming off a 124-101 loss to the Knicks, with 24 points. Wily Hernangomez scored 17 points off the bench in just 12 minutes in the first half to help the Hornets lead 56-49 at the break.
TIP-INS
Hornets: The Hornets made all 14 free throws in the first half. ... Hernangomez scored 15 points in the second quarter. ... Jeremy Lamb started in place of injured guard Nicolas Batum (Achilles).
76ers: The 76ers went just 3 for 4 from the free-throw line in the first half. ... The loudest ovation of the night came when Hernangomez missed two straight free throws in the third to win every fan a free fast-food treat. ... Allen Iverson was in the house.
UP NEXT
Hornets: Play Wednesday at Brooklyn.
76ers: Host Memphis on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2016, file photo, Washington Capitals' Nathan Walker (79) controls the puck against St. Louis Blues defenseman Carl Gunnarsson during the first period of an NHL preseason hockey game, in Washington. Walker is set to become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when he makes his debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens.(AP Photo/Nick Wass, File)
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) — Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker will become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when he makes his debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens.
Walker grew up in Sydney after he and his family emigrated from the United Kingdom when he was 2. After his brother Ryan was exposed to the sport, it became clear Nathan had pro potential and he moved to the Czech Republic at age 13 to play minor and then junior hockey.
"It definitely made me a little bit more independent earlier on," Walker said. "I think it just made me mature quicker."
On the ice, Walker said practicing twice a day with HC Vitkovice's under-18 and under-20 teams helped his game mature.
"It's definitely a big jump," Walker said. "You've got a lot more time to work on your skills while you're younger."
Walker has played just seven games in the Australian Ice Hockey League back home. Internationally, he had six points in four games as Australia won the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship Division II in 2011 and then two assists the next year in the IIHF World Championship Division I.
Walker said he hasn't thought much about being the first Australian to play in the NHL.
"At the end of the day, I'm just another guy on the team, another guy in the league, another guy playing the sport we all love," Walker said.
Walker is no stranger to NHL history. After playing for the United States Hockey League's Youngstown Phantoms and American Hockey League's Hershey Bears, Walker became the first Australian selected in the NHL draft when the Capitals took him in the third round in 2014.
Washington general manager Brian MacLellan has noticed significant strides in Walker's game since then.
"He's developed into a good penalty killer," MacLellan said. "We've always liked his speed and his compete level, those were the two things that we really liked about him. He just continues to become a better player — better positionally, he reads the game better, more intelligent on his reads — instead of being a pure energy player."
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LSU leaves for the Corvallis Regional in Oregon Wednesday afternoon in hopes for another trip to the College World Series.
The Tigers join Oregon State, San Diego State, and Northwestern State in the regional.
The Beavers (44-10-1) are the No. 1 seed, the Tigers (37-25) are the No. 2 seed, the Aztecs (39-19) are the No. 3 seed, and the Demons (37-22) are the No. 4 seed.
LSU beat Oregon State twice (6-1, 3-1) last year in the College World Series after losing the first matchup 13-1 on their way to the National Championship against Florida.
Friday's schedule:
LSU and San Diego State is slated to get underway at 3 p.m., followed by Oregon State and Northwestern State at 9:30 p.m.
Both games are scheduled to air on ESPNU.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
19:20 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 If convicted, French consulate worker will serve time in France France has agreed to Israel's request for a trial in Israel of a French consulate employee in Jerusalem who was arrested by Israeli security officials on suspicion of using his diplomatic immunity to transfer weapons between Gaza and Judea and Samaria in light of the seriousness of the charge. However, a French source said that at the end of the trial, if the consulate employee is sentenced to a severe prison sentence, he will want him in a French prison rather than in Israel. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
Big Jump in Million-Dollar Pay Packages for Private College Leaders Image James Wagner, center right, the former president of Emory University, greeting civil rights leaders in 2013. In 2015, Mr. Wagner earned $3.5 million. Credit Rich Addicks for The New York Times
Amid pressure on academia to control costs, the pay packages for private college presidents have continued to rise, as the number earning more than $1 million spiked in 2015 and average compensation rose 9 percent, according to an annual survey.
In 2015, the year with the most recent data available, 58 presidents earned a compensation package worth more than $1 million, up from 39 presidents in 2014, according to the annual ranking of pay at 500 private colleges compiled by The Chronicle of Higher Education.
In many cases the compensation packages were bolstered by deferred compensation plans and large retirement payouts.
“The number of presidents earning over $1 million is unusually high in 2015,” said Dan Bauman, a reporter for The Chronicle who worked on compiling the data. “We attribute that, in part, to a market where presidents are negotiating more deferred compensation and bonus packages before they take the job.”
At the head of the list was Nathan O. Hatch, the president of Wake Forest University, whose earnings of $4 million included a lump sum of nearly $3 million that he earned upon completing 10 years in the office.
In a statement, Wake Forest said Dr. Hatch's compensation without those earnings — a base salary of $839,944 — was in line with similar institutions. Donna Boswell, the chair of the board of trustees, said Dr. Hatch's leadership was “exceptional.”
Colleges frequently cite competitive pressures in setting the pay of presidents, who sometimes come from, or are recruited for, the corporate executive suite. They also note increasing demands on college leaders to raise money for their schools.
By that same token, such lucrative pay packages could “serve to feed a growing political argument for cutting tax benefits and public funding for higher education,” said Charlie Eaton, a professor at the University of California, Merced, who has studied university endowment wealth.
The top 10 included some expected names, including the leaders of the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Southern California, Columbia University, the University of Chicago and Boston University.
No. 2 was James W. Wagner, who stepped down as Emory University's president last year. In 2015 he earned $3.5 million, which included a payout of 10 years of deferred compensation, according to the university. He was No. 33 on the previous year's list. Jonathan K. Layne, a member of Emory's board, credited the deferred compensation plan with providing “a stable, successful leadership” for Emory.
The top 10 also included Joanne K. Glasser, who departed in 2015 as president of Bradley University in Peoria, Ill.; David E. Van Zandt, president of the New School in New York City; and Daniel Curran, who stepped down from the presidency of the University of Dayton last year. He received more than $2.4 million in total pay, including retirement compensation.
Steve Cobb, who served on the university's board of trustees, called Dr. Curran “an exceptional leader for this university during his 14-year tenure.”
“During that time, the university grew in size and stature by almost every measure and was positioned for continued growth,” Mr. Cobb said.
The average compensation for presidents at the surveyed private colleges who were in office for the full year rose 9 percent in 2015, to $570,000, and came after a 9 percent increase in 2014. The pay of the average American worker rose between 3 and 4 percent in each year, according to the Social Security Administration.
Private colleges tend to pay their presidents more than public ones do. The Chronicle's most recent compilation for public universities showed eight earning compensation packages exceeding $1 million, led by Michael Crow of Arizona State University, at $1.6 million.
As presidents' pay has risen unabated, lawmakers have begun criticizing the size of some universities' endowments, which are currently untaxed. The tax bills that passed in the House and Senate each include a 1.4 percent tax on earnings of some college endowments, including many of the nation's most elite schools. As many as 70 schools with large endowments could be affected by that tax, depending on which version of the bill is adopted.
Last year, three influential Republican legislators, led by Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, sent a letter to 56 private universities with endowments of $1 billion or more, requesting information on “the numerous tax preferences” they enjoy. “Despite these large and growing endowments,” the letter said, “many colleges and universities have raised tuition far in excess of inflation.”
A look at the costs of private colleges by the College Board suggests that while tuition has risen dramatically, the actual price paid by students after grants and financial aid has increased only 5 percent over the past 10 years.
But concerns have been raised about growing student debt. In a presentation earlier this year, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York found that student debt was $1.3 trillion at the end of 2016, an increase of about 170 percent since 2006.
Dr. Eaton said the high salaries paid to private university presidents often are tied to the wealth of endowments.
“The unfortunate dynamic is that you see where the extreme wealth of private universities, and their ability to pay higher executive salaries, creates a norm that other universities feel pressured to follow,” Dr. Eaton said.
Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page A 12 of the New York edition with the headline: Big Jump in Million-Dollar Pay Packages Is Seen for Presidents of Private Colleges
Sign up for California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state), delivered weekday mornings. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Claire Foy says the controversy over her pay for the Netflix series "The Crown" has changed her approach to Hollywood.
Foy says it opened her eyes about what she's "allowed to have an opinion about."
A producer disclosed last month that Foy, who starred as Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, was paid less than Matt Smith, who played Prince Philip, because Smith was better known.
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting "The Girl in the Spider's Web," which completed filming this month. It's based on the fourth book in Stieg Larsson's popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander, previously been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara.
PSM's Latching Water Level Indicator: Alerting Operators to Sub-Station Flooding Hazards
PSM's Latching Water Level Indicator was initially designed and manufactured over 10 years ago, and to date PSM have sold nearly 10,000 units to energy companies throughout the world for use in subterranean distribution and control stations and other areas liable to flooding.
Mainly intended for use in areas which are normally unmanned and visited infrequently, the indicator provides an immediate visual warning of possible hazards due to flooding that may have occurred and subsequently receded, leaving no indication otherwise. One risk scenario is that oil insulation on high voltage switching may have been displaced by water with potential life-threatening consequences should the equipment be operated.
Designed to be highly visible from a safe distance, the float will automatically rise with any incoming floodwater and latch at the highest recorded level to provide an immediate visual alert to the risk, without the need to enter the immediate area.
One or more switch modules may be fitted on the Indicator, and in a flood condition, a magnet embedded in the float will activate these to trigger local or remote alarms. In unmanned locations, the signal can be sent via telemetry to a central office.
Once the installation has been examined and made safe the indicator may be mechanically reset by the operator ready to alert of further dangers.
There are very good reasons why so many energy companies have turned to PSM's Latching Water Level Indicator to ensure the safety of their sub stations from flood hazards, so for additional information about the product, please visit www.psmmarine.com or contact Mark Jones, Sales & Marketing Manager at PSM Instrumentation, by e-mail: [email protected] or telephone: +44 (0)144 410 040.
For press information email Charmaine Kimpton at [email protected] or telephone 01483 203010/07414 749973.
This is a promoted article.
A Massachusetts State Police trooper stands at the Hatch Shell ahead of Fourth of July festivities in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S., July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
By Peter Szekely
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fireworks, music and the pursuit of hot dogs will mark the 242nd year of independence for the United States on what is expected to be a steamy Wednesday in much of the country.
The Independence Day holiday, which brings out crowds from small towns to big cities, is also a time when law enforcement agencies are on the alert for suspicious activity.
Officials said they are taking precautions, but have not detected any credible security threats following the arrest on Sunday of an American-born Ohio man on suspicion of planning to detonate a bomb at Cleveland's Fourth of July celebrations.
"As always, the Department of Homeland Security encourages vigilance by the public to report any suspicious activity to law enforcement,” said Lesley Fulop, a spokeswoman for the agency.
The holiday marks the adoption of the Declaration of Independence by congressional delegates in Philadelphia on July 4, 1776. The actual signing of the document, however, did not occur until Aug. 2, according to the U.S. National Archives.
While the document declared the young nation's independence from Great Britain, it also advanced the cutting-edge notion that "all men are created equal" and that they have rights to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
More than two centuries later, however, it is the pursuit of hot dogs that will mark the holiday at New York City's Coney Island, where contestants will consume as many wieners as possible in what has become a televised event now in its 46th year.
Ten-time winner Joey Chestnut will defend his title in the Nathan's Famous hot dog-eating contest after downing a record 72 last year.
It will be hotter than normal in much of the country. The National Weather Service issued heat advisories for the central plain states eastward to the Mid-Altantic region, with temperatures expected in the 90s and the humidity making it feel like 105 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit (40 to 43 degrees Celsius).
New York will put on what is billed as the country's biggest fireworks display by its sponsor, retailer Macy's. More than 3 million spectators and 12 million television viewers are expected to watch the display over the East River as 75,000 shells illuminate the night sky to the music of singer Kelly Clarkson.
In Washington, singer Jimmy Buffett is set to join the National Symphony Orchestra, along with the Temptations, the Beach Boys and Luke Combs, before fireworks light up the National Mall. Bostonians will celebrate with the Boston Pops along the Charles River, joined by singer Rachel Platten.
In Los Angeles, fireworks will highlight Fourth of July celebrations at the Hollywood Bowl, accompanied by an orchestra. In San Francisco, residents can watch fireworks on the bay near the Golden Gate Bridge, if fog does not obscure the show.
The Fourth of July also marks the approximate halfway point in the Major League Baseball season, with a not-so-reliable popular tradition holding that the teams in first place will finish that way.
(Reporting by Peter Szekely in New York; additional reporting by Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Writer David Grossman on Wednesday became the first Israeli to win the prestigious Man Booker International Prize, for his novel "A Horse Walks into a Bar." And like every great author concerned with modern life in Israel, he has published many important articles in Haaretz.
Want to know more about the political beliefs that inform the artist behind "A Horse Walks into a Bar?" Here are five of Grossman's must-read stories in Haaretz:
"The case for Israeli conscientious objectors" July 19, 2016
"The army that for nearly 50 years has cultivated injustice, oppression and the killing of civilians should allow people incapable of joining it a way to express their conscience."
"Will the Israeli right finally come to its senses?" August 4, 2015
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
"The terrifying burning of a Palestinian baby in the West Bank village of Duma is a symptom of a much deeper illness: It signals to us Israelis how very serious our situation is, and indicates – in letters writ in fire – that the path to a better future is closing before us."
"On hope and despair in the Middle East" July 8, 2014
"Below the turbid waters we've been treading for the past 47 years runs a deep and cold current, a current of dread over a huge mistake, a monumental wrong turn and loss of way."
"The highway, the village and the road not taken" June 26, 2013
"A major new highway that is meant to link Jewish settlements on the outskirts of Jerusalem are bisecting the Palestinian village of Beit Safafa, cutting families from each other and making their lives a nightmare. On a larger scale, it blocks the possibility of a viable Palestinian state."
"An open letter to Netanyahu: It's time to speak to Abbas" November 6, 2012
"When the Palestinian president said he would not return to Safed, he sounded a new note – one that requires a different level of attentiveness."
For the better part of two decades under Bill Belichick, the Patriots have trampled the AFC with the near-comical ease of a grown man stiff-arming his adolescent son into the dirt during a backyard family pickup game. They've won eight consecutive division titles, made five consecutive trips to the AFC championship, and won four Super Bowls since 2001. Most seasons, the Patriots are playing chess, while the rest of the NFL is playing checkers.
This season, they're playing a whole new game entirely, one the NFL will later probably try to fine them a draft pick for playing.
Brady, the best quarterback on the planet, was suspended by the NFL for the season's first four weeks, and, in the most Patriot way possible, the team still won 14 games, clinched a first-round bye, and snagged home-field advantage. At 39, Brady's 12-game revenge tour constituted his best season since 2007, when he threw for 50 touchdowns and ran away with MVP honors after a 16-0 regular season.
For the sixth time in Belichick's tenure, the Patriots are the AFC's No. 1 seed. As the postseason begins, the road to Super Bowl LI will go through New England, and for the rest of the AFC, that's pretty much a worst-case scenario. Four of the last five times the Patriots were the top seed, they made the Super Bowl. And this time around, their path back just happens to be a cakewalk of historic proportions.
The Chiefs and Steelers will have something to say about that, of course. Both teams have the offensive firepower – and the coaching chops – to keep up with Belichick and a Patriots roster that's good, but not as talented as its past Super Bowl teams.
But with Derek Carr out for the season with a broken leg, here are the quarterbacks not named Ben Roethlisberger or Alex Smith who the Patriots could face before booking their Super Bowl bid: Matt Moore, Matt McGloin, Connor Cook, Brock Osweiler, or Tom Savage.
With zero career playoff starts, that's not exactly a murderers' row of gunslingers. I'm not sure many casual NFL fans could even name the teams they play for, and yet, one or more will have to duel Tom Brady in Foxborough, where his postseason record sits at a glistening 15-3. Good luck with that.
In each of the last three years, the No. 1 seeds in both the AFC and NFC have made it to the Super Bowl. The Patriots – with the NFL's best coach, a Hall of Fame quarterback hellbent on making the NFL look silly, and the league's easiest path to a championship – seem pretty likely to hold up their end of that trend.
In Dallas, it's far less certain. On their way to clinching the NFC's top seed, the Cowboys have looked unstoppable at times, with a dynamic rookie duo in Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott unlike anything the NFL has seen and an offensive line better than any in recent memory. But the Cowboys have shown their warts over the past month, and awaiting them in the divisional round could be the one team that's managed to get under their skin.
The Giants and their elite defense are responsible for two of the Cowboys' three losses this season. With a victory over the Packers in the wild-card round – no easy task – they would head back to Dallas with an NFC championship berth on the line. Then, we'll find out once and for all if two rookies can really carry an offense in such a pressure-packed playoff situation. Given the expectations Prescott and Elliott have already shattered this season, doubt them at your own risk.
It's not just the Giants who stand in the Cowboys' way. You could make a conceivable Super Bowl case for at least five of the six NFC teams. No offense in the NFL scores at the clip Matt Ryan and Co. (33.8) have in Atlanta this season. No defense is more soul-sucking than the Seahawks. No quarterback is hotter than Aaron Rodgers, who has 17 touchdowns and zero interceptions in his last seven games. If you believe in destiny, you could even make a case for the Lions, who have more fourth-quarter comebacks in a single season (eight) than any team in NFL history.
A Super Bowl berth from the NFC this postseason will basically require a deal with the devil. Lucky for the Cowboys, Jerry Jones happens to be a very good businessman.
The Patriots, meanwhile, can sleepwalk their way to the AFC championship. There, they'll wake up briefly for a duel with Roethlisberger at home, before eagerly awaiting whomever emerges from the unadulterated chaos of the NFC.
Maybe that's not fair. But as you know, the Patriots, with another Super Bowl run likely ahead, have never cared much for fairness.
Contact the writer: rkartje@scng.com
As attitudes about marijuana shift around the world, researchers are warning parents that it's risky to keep it around children, especially those who are too young to know what it is.
The number of children who were admitted to emergency rooms for marijuana intoxication increased by 133% in France over an 11-year period, according to a new study.
Marijuana intoxication can occur when a child accidentally ingests a marijuana product or inhales marijuana smoke. Symptoms can vary based on the child's age and size but often include sleepiness, difficulty breathing, seizures or even coma. Effects usually last six to 24 hours.
Cannabis is illegal in France, but it has the highest rate of marijuana use in Europe, said Dr. Isabelle Claudet, lead author of the study, published Monday in the journal Pediatrics.
"And that means we are facing an increase in emergency admissions of marijuana intoxication and an increase in severe symptoms seen in children," said Claudet, a pediatric emergency physician in Toulouse.
She and other researchers analyzed the number of French children under 6 admitted to pediatric emergency departments because of unintentional cannabis intoxication and the number of cannabis-related calls involving children to French poison control centers.
From 2004 to 2014, 235 children were admitted to ERs with cannabis intoxication, and there was a 133% -- or 13 times -- increase in the admissions rate for it. The number of calls to poison control centers related to cannabis exposure in children increased by 312% in the same period.
What concerns Claudet the most is that the concentration of the psychoactive chemical tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, has been increasing in cannabis products in France.
"THC concentration in cannabis products has increased from 9% in 2004 to 20% in 2014," she said. "I believe that's why we're facing more adverse effects in children."
Over the 11-year span, the severity of symptoms in children admitted to emergency departments because of marijuana intoxication also increased.
Twenty times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2004, and and four times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2013. Of the 32 children reported to have gone into comas, 53% were admitted in 2014, and there were more cannabis-related admissions than any other type of pediatric emergency room admission.
The main cannabis product circulating on the French market is hashish or cannabis resin, a solid and very concentrated form of cannabis extract, usually sold in the form of sticks or balls. Users break off pieces, roll them in tobacco papers and smoke them.
Claudet believes the best way to decrease the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases in France is to decrease the concentration of THC in cannabis through regulation.
"And we have to also warn consumers and parents that it could be very dangerous for children to eat such products," she said. "Because usually, parents think it's not very harmful because they're smoking it, and it relaxes them. But if a child ingests one stick or ball, they can become comatose."
What about children in the US?
Recreational marijuana is legal in eight US states and the District of Columbia, and medical marijuana is legal in 29 states and D.C. Cannabis product trends in the United States are quite different from those in France, though high concentration of THC is still a concern, especially in edible products.
"The results of this Pediatrics study also makes sense with what we've been seeing in Colorado. With the marijuana industry increasing, there are a lot of new products, a lot of concentrated products, that people vape or ingest, like the edible products, that are high in THC," said Dr. G. Sam Wang, a pediatric toxicologist at Children's Hospital Colorado in Aurora.
"And so we've been seeing a lot of kids who are more symptomatic and more intoxicated," said Wang, who was not involved in the French research.
Wang has conducted several studies of US trends in pediatric marijuana intoxication, as well as trends in Colorado.
He found that in states where recreational or medical marijuana is legal, the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases reported to poison control centers increased by 30% each year from 2005 to 2011. Children in states where marijuana was legal had more severe symptoms and were more likely to be admitted to a critical care unit compared with those in states where marijuana was not legal.
In his Colorado study, Wang found that in the two years leading up to when recreational marijuana became legally available for purchase in 2014 and the two years after, rates of marijuana exposure cases in children increased. On average each year, there was a 34% increase in calls to poison control centers about marijuana exposures in Colorado and a 19% increase across the US. Forty-eight percent of the cases in Colorado were attributed to the ingestion of an edible marijuana product.
Wang said the higher number of cases in states where marijuana is legal can in part be attributed to the increased availability of marijuana products and the attractiveness of edible product labels, which often look like normal candy or cakes to a child.
"Usually, kids get into things that become more available, and usually, that happens when it's a household product, like those laundry detergent pods, which were attractive," Wang said. "It's kind of the same situation with marijuana, where we think in states with legal marijuana, probably more households have it in their home, especially the food or edible marijuana products with bright labels, that makes it easier for kids to get into them."
The US National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, or NORML, says that it is concerned about the inadvertent ingestion of cannabis products by children in both the US and France but that more regulation could help provide a solution: "It is our contention that the frequency of these incidences can be mitigated by the imposition of stricter regulatory controls, such as more stringent and overt product labeling and by limiting such products to single serving sizes."
Wang believes the key to ensuring the safety of children living around marijuana products is a combination of outreach and education. He tells parents to treat the marijuana like any other prescription or over-the-counter drug and keep it out of reach of children.
"Parents need to understand that kids can actually get sick from this stuff," he said.
Several states with legal recreational marijuana, including Colorado, Oregon and Washington state, have also made child-resistant packaging a requirement for certain products.
Wang thinks this is also a step in the right direction, especially as other states or countries may be looking to legalize marijuana.
"They need to think about the unintended consequences of legalization, such as marijuana intoxication in children. So whether that's education, packaging regulations, dose regulations," he said. "Colorado had some of that in the beginning of legalization, but we also made mistakes. But I'm hoping that other places can learn from those mistakes and implement programs or rules at the outset."
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Travis Zajac scored two goals and set up another as the New Jersey Devils limited Pittsburgh to a season-low 16 shots in posting a 3-1 victory on Saturday night, ending the Penguins' four-game winning streak.
Blake Coleman also scored and Stefan Noesen had two assists in helping the Devils win their third straight since returning from the All-Star break. Keith Kinkaid made 15 saves and benefited from a goaltender interference call that denied Sidney Crosby a third-period goal.
Evgeni Malkin, the NHL player of the month in January with 12 goals, scored in the third period. He now has eight goals in his last four games, 15 since Jan. 1, and 29 overall. Rookie goaltender Casey DeSmith made 35 saves for the Penguins, who looked sluggish after beating Washington on Friday night.
Sidney Crosby, who also missed an open net in the second period, had his 11-game point scoring streak stopped. The run is tied for the NHL best this season.
After a scoreless first period, Zajac gave the Devils the lead 30 seconds into the second period after a mistake by DeSmith. The rookie goaltender tried to pass or poke the puck toward the corner and Zajac intercepted it close to the net and stuffed it into the net for his first goal in 10 games.
Penguins defenseman Olli Maatta fanned on clearing attempt near the right circle a little more than two minutes later and Zajac collected the puck. He sent a pass to Noesen, who quickly found Coleman for a shot that got between DeSmith's arm and body at 3:05.
Malkin got the Penguins on the board early in the third period with a great backhander past Kinkaid that was set up by defenseman Ian Cole.
Zajac got his seventh goal at 9:51, deflecting a point shot by defenseman Damon Severson past DeSmith.
Crosby lost his goal when it was ruled that Bryan Rust skated through the crease and hit Kinkaid in the mask. The blow knocked the goaltender down and allowed Crosby to bank a shot from the corner into the net off the goalie.
NOTES: Penguins F Zachary Ashton-Reese made his NHL debut. … The win ended the Devils' five-game losing streak against the Penguins, all last season. …. This was Pittsburgh's first loss in regulation against a Metropolitan Division opponent since Jan. 1 (5-1-1).
UP NEXT
Penguins: Host Vegas on Tuesday night.
Devils: At Ottawa on Tuesday night.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Expo Transporte is Latin America's largest trucking and transportation trade show. It takes place every two years in Guadalajara, Mexico. This year, equipment editor Jim Park was there for the opening ceremonies and the first two days of the week-long show. He sends this report.
Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!
My Red Light aims to become the Netherlands's first official cooperative of prostitutes, where they have a say about their work schedule and the design of the rooms, and even train for managerial positions.
Photo
“One of the things we have changed in recent years is that instead of talking about what is good for prostitutes, we have started to talk to them,” said Jasper Karman, spokesman for Amsterdam's mayor, Eberhard van der Laan.
Not everyone likes the idea, among them some fellow prostitutes who are suspicious of the city's involvement. But My Red Light has drawn support from unlikely quarters, including award-winning Dutch furniture and interior designers, who have helped outfit the rooms.
Sitting on a blue vinyl mattress on a stage, a glowing red bathtub in one corner and a Richard Hutten red leather stool by the window, Lyle Muns, a male prostitute who is on the board of My Red Light, explained recently that the project, which opened in May, was still a work in progress.
“I am really passionate about this project and I believe it could work, but it is also an experiment, right?” he said. “We haven't succeeded until My Red Light is run mostly by sex workers and we are making a profit.”
The concept of My Red Light was first discussed in Amsterdam as far back as 2007, when the city tried to combat crime in the neighborhood through the 1012 Project, a reference to the central red-light district's postal code.
Authorities eventually shut down about 125 windows where prostitutes displayed themselves, leaving many feeling they were being pushed out so that the city could gentrify the historic area, which claims some of Amsterdam's most valuable real estate.
Photo
Protests led to regular meetings between the city and activists, and then to a feasibility study that eventually gave birth to My Red Light. The city helped a social investment fund buy four buildings that it now rents to My Red Light.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As soon as the fund bought the buildings late last year, all ties to the city were cut. Currently, My Red Light officially operates as a foundation. “We hope in a year or two we'll be run entirely by sex workers or ex-sex workers,” said Justine Le Clercq, a spokeswoman for My Red Light.
When My Red Light starts to turn a profit, she said, it plans to invest the money in workshops and other programs for the prostitutes, like business training and language classes.
The group has also been discussing investing in something like workers' compensation insurance so that prostitutes who get sick or injured can get financial support.
When it came to the design of the interiors, My Red Light argued that prostitutes deserve the same quality of working environment as chief executives and celebrities. So they engaged the award-winning Dutch furniture company Lensvelt, which helped furnish the V.I.P. lounge at the Schiphol airport.
Lensvelt chose the interior design architect Janpaul Scholtmeijer, of Vens Architecten. His only strict directive was to make all the design decisions along with a group of about five prostitutes.
Photo
Left to his own devices, Mr. Scholtmeijer joked, he would have covered the rooms in velvet, but the prostitutes rolled their eyes at his impracticality.
“In the end, what was most important for the sex workers was that the spaces were easy to clean and hygienic,” Mr. Scholtmeijer said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The prostitutes also requested that a small locker be built within the bed frame with a slit to insert cash. There was a lot of discussion as to where to place panic buttons.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Three months after its debut, My Red Light is slowly trying to gain the trust of the other brothels and build a community of prostitutes.
About 75 percent of all prostitutes are from Eastern or Central Europe, outside the European Union, with the remaining 25 percent Dutch, or from South or Central America, according to the mayor's office. This complicates efforts toward cooperation.
Heleen Driessen, who has worked in Amsterdam as a counselor and advocate for prostitutes for the last two decades, said there were “often issues between the sex workers because they are different nationalities and don't speak the same language, or still need to gain confidence in My Red Light or have the mentality of, ‘I just want to go home at six or go home to Ecuador in a few months and not get involved in these kinds of projects.'”
Photo
My Red Light has attracted criticism from some members of the city's only official network of prostitutes, Proud, which offers everything from language workshops to pro bono lawyer consultations. Some members even threatened to sue My Red Light after not getting the management positions they said they were promised. My Red Light responded that the women had marks on their records, and that if it hired them, My Red Light would lose its license under municipal regulations.
“It's just another brothel,” said Yvette Luhrs, a spokeswoman for Proud. “It isn't really owned or run by sex workers. Also the media spectacle around it has been derogatory to other brothels.”
She said that what prostitutes really wanted was to be allowed to run their own business out of their own homes without being bothered by the police. The city says that in order to control human trafficking and protect the well being of independent prostitutes, the police have to make regular checks.
“You lose grip on the whole scene if you allow sex workers to work out of homes, unregulated like that,” said Jolanda de Boer, a public prosecutor who has been involved in human trafficking cases in Amsterdam for the last decade.
She said she believed that the city truly wanted to help protect and support prostitutes, but that after 10 years of overseeing so many cases of abused prostitutes, she is skeptical that prostitution can be normalized.
“Stop saying that it's the oldest profession in the world,” she said. “Women and the disadvantaged have always been exploited, and we should not accept that.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Le Clercq, the Red Light spokeswoman, said: “There are, of course, connections between human trafficking and prostitution, but there are also connections between crime and the flower industry and crime and building houses. There are really people who want to do this work, so just let them do it.”
Malacañang said on Tuesday it would not interfere in the supposed tax evasion case of businessman Lucio Tan.
“It's best left to the DOJ (Department of Justice),” Secretary Ernesto Abella, presidential spokesperson, told reporters.
During his visit to Qatar last week, President Rodrigo Duterte in a speech before overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) slammed Tan and said he would have to pay his unpaid taxes.
ADVERTISEMENT
Duterte said Tan has almost P30 billion of tax deficiencies.
“He has to pay. He has to pay,” he said.
But in an interview with reporters on Monday, Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) Commissioner Caesar Dulay said he was not aware of any pending case against Tan regarding his tax liabilities.
Dulay said, however, he would look into this.
“Frankly, I am not aware of any pending case against Mr Lucio Tan,” he said. “But give me a few more days and I'll look at the records and talk to the assessment people of BIR and probably I can come out with a definite answer.” /atm/rga
BEIJING (AP) - China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect.
The Commerce Ministry's comment Thursday came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
A ministry spokesman, Gao Feng, said the White House proposal to restrict Chinese investment in the United States violates the "rules and basic spirit" of the World Trade Organization.
Gao said, "The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A 30-year-old man and 5-year-old child were killed when an out of control SUV slammed into the back of a tractor-trailer on the George Washington Bridge on Wednesday night.
All upper inbound lanes were closed for hours overnight as police investigated the crash which happened around 10 p.m. Wednesday.
Police said an SUV with New Jersey plates was driving eastbound on the upper level with five people inside — an adult man and woman, a 70-year-old woman, a 5-year-old child and an infant.
The car crashed into the back of a tractor-trailer that was stopped in traffic, CBS2's Ali Bauman reported.
All five were taken to Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, where the man and 5-year-old child were pronounced dead.
Authorities said the two women and the infant sustained minor injuries, but are expected to be OK.
Traffic was backed up for hours following the crash. All upper and lower levels were back open to traffic by Thursday morning.
The names of the victims have not been released.
The investigation is ongoing.
OTTAWA — The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75% share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana, a portion of which will be meted out to cities and towns to help them defray the cost of making pot legal across Canada.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the two-year agreement today after a day-long meeting with his provincial and territorial counterparts.
Morneau says Ottawa will retain the remaining 25% share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as he meets with his provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The larger share, he added, will allow the provinces to “fairly deal with their costs and so they can work with municipalities,” which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue to help ease the burden of costs like law enforcement.
Morneau said that over the first two years, the federal government expects legalized pot to generate only about $400 million in tax revenues, adding that the ministers are scheduled to gather again a year from now to assess how the framework is working.
“Our expectation is that by keeping prices low, we will be able to get rid of the black market. However, that will happen over time,” Morneau said during a closing news conference, his counterparts lined up behind him.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau holds a news conference after meeting with his provincial counterparts in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
“Our estimates suggest that the size of the taxation revenue is roughly ... about up to $400 million for the first couple of years. What we've agreed at our table today is that we need to come back together; we're going to come back together in December 2018 to look at how the market's working, and how the federal government, provinces and municipalities are dealing with this change.
"Of course, we'll stay very much on top of this, but after two years it's time to rethink the approach to make sure we're getting it right." - Bill Morneau
All 14 jurisdictions at the table agreed to the key principles reached at the meeting, Morneau said, calling it a “very good outcome.”
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
Earlier today, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
After a meeting with his Atlantic counterparts in Halifax, Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil, Prince Edward Island Premier Wade MacLauchlan, New Brunswick Premier Brian Gallant and Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Dwight Ball, left to right, head to a news conference at the end of a meeting of Atlantic Premiers in Halifax on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan
Ottawa's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $1 billion per year.
“If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do it would be outside of that taxation model, so that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say indeed it was what we were hearing across the country,” McNeil said.
“The two-year window will give each of us the time to go back to the table and say this is actually what policing is costing and this is what the education component is.”
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as he meets with his provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has said it wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs, but how that share of the pot is divvied up will be up to the municipalities and their provincial or territorial counterparts.
"Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be." - Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao
The federal government has already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao speaks to members of the media as he arrives for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
“Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be,” he said. “And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces.”
During the meetings, the ministers also discussed the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa speaks to members of the media as he arrives for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
“We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we don't have tax evasion, that we don't have money laundering, that we don't have terrorist financing in any part of our country,” Morneau said.
With files from Terry Pedwell
SAN JUAN, P.R. — They call what they are building Puertopia. But then someone told them, apparently in all seriousness, that it translates to “eternal boy playground” in Latin. So they are changing the name: They will call it Sol.
Dozens of entrepreneurs, made newly wealthy by blockchain and cryptocurrencies, are heading en masse to Puerto Rico this winter. They are selling their homes and cars in California and establishing residency on the Caribbean island in hopes of avoiding what they see as onerous state and federal taxes on their growing fortunes, some of which now reach into the billions of dollars.
And these men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth: They want to build a crypto utopia, a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public, to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like. Blockchain, a digital ledger that forms the basis of virtual currencies, has the potential to reinvent society — and the Puertopians want to prove it.
For more than a year, the entrepreneurs had been searching for the best location. After Hurricane Maria decimated Puerto Rico's infrastructure in September and the price of cryptocurrencies began to soar, they saw an opportunity and felt a sense of urgency.
The New York Times Explains...
So this crypto community flocked here to create its paradise. Now the investors are spending their days hunting for property where they could have their own airports and docks. They are taking over hotels and a museum in the capital's historic section, called Old San Juan. They say they are close to getting the local government to allow them to have the first cryptocurrency bank.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“What's happened here is a perfect storm,” said Halsey Minor, the founder of the news site CNET, who is moving his new blockchain company — called Videocoin — from the Cayman Islands to Puerto Rico this winter. Referring to Hurricane Maria and the investment interest that has followed, he added, “While it was really bad for the people of Puerto Rico, in the long term it's a godsend if people look past that.”
Getty Image
It's very hard to get fired when you've already got a new job lined up but kudos to Lane Kiffin, who found a way to be relieved of his offensive coordinator duties a week before Alabama plays in the national title game against Clemson.
Alabama's press release on Lane Kiffin leaving the staff and Steve Sarkisian serving as OC effective immediately. pic.twitter.com/kGffYBiwkS — Barrett Sallee (@BarrettSallee) January 2, 2017
Kiffin has a head-coaching job waiting for him at Florida Atlantic, but this is hilarious.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” Alabama head coach Nick Saban said. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU. “This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful. Obviously, we are in a unique situation here where we have our next offensive coordinator already on staff. We have full confidence that Sark will step in right away and make a smooth transition.”
They fired him for him, duh. I love how they make it seem like a player asked Kiffin a question and he held up one finger while he was on the phone with someone at FAU. “Uh huh. Uh huh. No, just some kid asking about a pass protection scheme against a Clemson inside stunt. No, I've got time to talk.”
Nike
Kobe Bryant might have retired from basketball a year ago, but his signature line of sneakers from Nike remain some of the company's most popular. On Monday, Nike unveiled the five colorways coming for the latest edition of the Kobe A.D., which is a midtop sneaker, a departure from the lowtop Kobe sneakers that he put out for much of the latter part of his playing career.
The five colorways are all monochromatic, with the entire sneaker being either all-purple, yellow, red, grey, or blue. There's a reason for that, which naturally comes from the mind of Kobe and his key tenants of the Mamba Mentality. As Bryant explains in the video below, each Kobe A.D. is representative of one of the five important mental qualities a great player needs — Fearless, Detached, Optimism, Passion, and Honesty.
PATRIOT — A low-speed pursuit which occurred Friday morning which was reported at roughly 1:30 a.m., started in Scioto County and would eventually cross four counties before ending in a pond on Shade River Road in Gallia County.
According to Ohio State Highway Patrol Sergeant J.R. Howard, the male driver was immediately apprehended. A female passenger was found convulsing when officers pulled her from the water. Once they reached the bank, officers administered two doses of Naloxone. Trooper information indicated that the evaders drove up a private drive and through a private yard before landing in the pond.
The male driver was transported to Jackson Holzer Medical Center for treatment. Upon evaluations, the jails in Gallia County and Scioto County wouldn't take the male. The male had some injures, which officials believe weren't a result of the crash and may have happened prior to the chase.
The Ohio Highway Patrol isn't releasing the names of the two unidentified people because they haven't been charged with a crime — as of yet.
“We are going to take it straight to the grand jury and have him indicted,” Howard said. “We will seek indictment on felony fleeing and leaving charges.”
The pursuit began on Essman-Sugar Camp road in Scioto County. A trooper attempted to pull over the vehicle for a traffic violation. After taking back roads, the vehicle went from Essman-Sugar Camp road back down State Route 140 and headed toward Jackson County.
After traveling down additional back roads, the vehicle ended up on Ohio 93, heading toward Township 532 in Ironton. The vehicle eventually ended up on State Route 233, where it crossed into Gallia County.
Chris Slone is editor of the Portsmouth Daily Times and contributed to this story.
Regional Chair Alan Caslin made a stop at Port Colborne council Monday night to give an update about regional council's progress halfway through the term.
Caslin outlined projects such as investing in advanced manufacturing and transportation as being especially successful areas. General Electric's new factory coming to Welland, the Region's designation as a foreign trade zone and coming GO transit services were among Caslin's highlights.
Inter-municipal transportation is also a big issue for him. He said there have been many complaints about insufficient cross-Niagara transportation. Caslin said it's not only residents complaining, but employers have concerns as well since sometimes it's a case of finding someone to hire, but that person has no way to get to the job. Niagara Falls, St. Catharines and Welland, the region's three main transportation municipalities, are working to come together as one transit commission, which he is hoping passes.
“We're going to make sure everyone has a chance to travel around Niagara,” he said.
For people who drive, an extra $2 million has been put into roads for resurfacing, bringing the total budget for that this year to $12.5 million.
Key projects for 2017 Caslin brought up include the bid for the 2021 Canada Games. He said site evaluators will be in Niagara on March 1 to see what the region has to offer.
“We're hoping we can get as many people as possible out to meet the evaluators and let them know that Niagara is, in fact, the best place to host the Games.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Evgeni Malkin scored and picked up an assist in his return from a lower-body injury, Sidney Crosby got his 999th career point with an assist and the Pittsburgh Penguins rolled by the Vancouver Canucks 4-0.
The quality Mike Sullivan appreciates the most in Malkin is the one that separates the Pittsburgh Penguins star from just about everyone else who happens to do what Malkin does for a living.
"He's such a threat when he's on the ice," Sullivan said. "He's one of the elite players in the league that has the ability to change the outcome."
And do it with style. Malkin celebrated his return from injury with his 23rd goal of the season then added a beautiful feed that set up Phil Kessel's third-period goal on Tuesday night.
Crosby earned the 999th point of his career with an assist on Jake Guentzel's goal and Matt Cullen added his ninth of the season for Pittsburgh. Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for his third shutout of the season, and the Penguins remained unbeaten in regulation since the All-Star break (5-0-2).
Malkin missed seven games while recovering from an injury sustained during a victory over St. Louis on Jan. 24. He appeared ready to return last Saturday night in Arizona before Sullivan made Malkin a late scratch just to be sure.
Given another couple of days to rest, Malkin picked up right where he left off before getting hurt. He gave Pittsburgh the lead 5:51 into the second when he stood on the far post, stopped a pass from Olli Maatta with his right skate and tapped it into the net.
"I tried to score with my stick because sometimes (if it's) off your skates, the coach makes a challenge," Malkin said. "I know the puck was coming."
Vancouver's defense couldn't say the same when Malkin and Kessel broke in on Ryan Miller late in the third. Racing down the right wing, Malkin dangled the puck on his stick and waited while defenseman Luca Sbisa slid harmlessly out of the way before slipping it Kessel, who buried it into the open net to make it 3-0 with just over six minutes to go.
"The first time we went 2-on-1, I tried to pass to him and he tried to pass it back and it didn't work," Malkin said. "Now I passed to him and he shoot. It's more fun."
Miller made 38 saves while under siege for most of the night, particularly in the third as Pittsburgh pulled away.
"We knew what game we had to play," Miller said. "You saw what happened when we got away from it in the third. We started stretching things out and leaving good ice. It didn't turn out so well."
Despite a series of injuries, the defending Stanley Cup champions have managed to keep pace in the supremely tight Metropolitan Division, where the Penguins, Columbus and the New York Rangers are separated by all of two points as they try to keep first-place Washington in striking distance.
Murray was spectacular at times. He snagged Jack Skille's wrist shot on a breakaway out of midair late in the second and stoned Skille again when he skated in all alone early in the third.
By then, the Penguins were firmly in control after Crosby set up Guentzel's sixth of the season. The Penguins captain came in having gone scoreless in consecutive games for the first time in nearly a year.
The drought was on its way to stretching to three games heading into the third, but Crosby nudged closer to becoming the 86th NHL player with 1,000 points when he completed a give-and-go by feeding a streaking Guentzel down the slot 2:27 into the third.
"It's pretty easy when you're playing with the best player," said Guentzel, a rookie who has six goals in 18 games.
Funeral services for a mother and four daughters, found dead in a burning Jerusalem apartment on Sunday, are scheduled to be held at 10:30 Monday evening at the Har Hamenuchot cemetery in Jerusalem.
Police suspect the 36-year-old mother strangled the girls, aged 11 months, four, nine and 11, and torched the apartment before hanging herself.
On this Tuesday, Oct. 21, 2014, file photo, Manchester City players and CSKA players play in front of empty stands during the Champions League Group E soccer match between CSKA Moscow and Manchester City at Arena Khimki stadium in Moscow. CSKA had to play 3 matches behind closed doors after as punishment for the bad behaviour of their fans. A new report seen by the Associated Press shows Russia has made progress fighting football racism ahead of the Confederations Cup and next year's World Cup, but warns that anti-Semitism in stadiums has grown and that racist fans are using far-right codes to smuggle offensive messages into stadiums. (AP Photo/Ivan Sekretarev, File)
MOSCOW (AP) -- Russia has made progress fighting soccer racism ahead of next year's World Cup, but players, coaches and fans still risk abuse, a new report says.
There were 89 racist and far-right incidents at Russian games in the 2016-17 season, slightly below the two previous seasons, according to Thursday's report by European anti-discrimination group FARE and Russia-based SOVA.
In one case, an African player complained of racist abuse by an opponent during a Russian Premier League game. In another case, a hardline fan group segregated part of a stadium for people of ''Slavic appearance,'' the report alleges. Fans of Russian champion Spartak Moscow flew anti-Semitic banners.
The Russian Football Union's disciplinary committee, however, has said it didn't detect a single racist incident in any of the top three divisions this season.
The report comes ahead of the Confederations Cup, starting Saturday, and a year ahead of the World Cup.
''The Russian football authorities and the government authorities have realized ... the way both of these competitions will be tarnished by the fear of racism occurring and they've taken some quite strong measures,'' FARE's executive director Piara Powar told The Associated Press in a telephone interview. ''There still remains the danger of some isolated incidents taking place.''
Russian authorities have taken measures to blacklist at least 191 fans from attending sports events, while the RFU ejected an influential fan leader, Alexander Shprygin, from its organization. He was deported twice from France last year following violence around Russia's match with England at the European Championship, and has been accused of posting far-right symbols on social media, a charge he denied.
Shprygin was dragged out of a bathroom at an RFU conference in September by police and detained, reportedly in connection with an investigation into fan violence.
FARE says Russia has made some progress, and that it didn't observe monkey chants or openly Nazi flags in any top-flight games this season. However, it warns far-right fans instead fly banners with concealed messages such as runes and number codes used by Nazi and ultranationalist groups.
The RFU punished two clubs in the 2015-16 season for such banners, but didn't pursue any such cases this season - something which Powar says indicates it may be ''turning a blind eye.''
That was despite cases of anti-Semitic banners being flown by Spartak fans, including taunts aimed at rival CSKA Moscow, whose club president and then-coach are both Jewish. Another Spartak banner showed a Russian rock singer caricaturized as an Orthodox Jew, accompanied by personal abuse.
CSKA fans also targeted their own coach, Leonid Slutsky - now at England's Hull City - with a banner linking his Jewish faith to poor results.
FARE says the number of violent racist incidents fell from five to two last season compared to the year before. There was also no repeat of large-scale violent attacks on foreign fans, such as those which took place between Russian and English fans in Marseille a year ago during the European Championship.
However, there are indications that football-related violence between different ethnic groups in Russia is becoming more entrenched, with fans from Russia's largely Muslim regions in the North Caucasus forming ''fan groups which adopt football hooligans' rules and initiate fights with Moscow teams.''
In another case last month at a playoff game for a place in the Russian Premier League, one fan group from the Yenisei Krasnoyarsk team issued a statement on social media saying that its sector of the stadium was only available to fans of ''Slavic appearance.''
A member of the group, Artyom Kirillov, suggested the group had been misunderstood. ''A lot was made up'' in local media reports of the incident, he told the AP. ''We are loyal to all Russian citizens.''
FIFA said Wednesday that Confederations Cup games will use a three-stage process in the event of fan racism. Referees will first request a public announcement, then suspend the game if the behavior doesn't stop. If racist incidents still persist, they can stop the game.
Familiar faces return to the N.B.A. finals. Or you can watch two De Niro films.
What's on TV
N.B.A. FINALS 9 p.m. on ABC. “The Purge” is getting its fourth installment this summer. “Rick and Morty” was just picked up for a fourth season. And now, the Cavaliers and the Warriors will play each other in the finals for the fourth straight year — something that has never happened in any North American sports league. LeBron James will try to even the number of championships over that span at two apiece — but he'll need help from an underwhelming and injured supporting cast that was brutally mocked by “Saturday Night Live.” The Warriors looked vulnerable against the Rockets, but hope to enter the conversation to be considered one of the best teams ever. And Jimmy Kimmel's GAME NIGHT leads in at 8, with celebrity guests like Kevin Hart, Robert Downey Jr., Will Ferrell and Snoop Dogg competing in a three-point challenge.
CASINO (1995) 7 p.m. on VH1. Robert De Niro stars in this crime film from Martin Scorsese, playing a handicapper who oversees a lucrative Vegas casino. Sharon Stone earned an Oscar nomination as Ginger McKenna, his scheming wife.
A BRONX TALE (1993) 8 p.m. on AMC. Chazz Palminteri made his Broadway musical debut this month as the gangster Sonny in the surprisingly durable show “A Bronx Tale.” He probably didn't have to do too much character work, though: He wrote “A Bronx Tale” in 1989 as an autobiographical one-man show, and then played Sonny in this 1993 film, also starring Mr. De Niro. “Mr. Palminteri gives the kind of coolly magnetic performance that makes it easy to see why Mr. De Niro gravitated toward this material in the first place,” Janet Maslin wrote in her review in The New York Times. “And Mr. De Niro is able to lend toughness to an ending that risks becoming overpoweringly sentimental, and instead succeeds in conveying a strong sense of father-son love.”
IRVINE – Traffic, public safety, schools and the Great Park.
These are the words Don Wagner heard over and over from Irvine voters while walking the precincts last year.
Now, as the city's newly elected mayor, Wagner said he is committed to delivering what residents want in these key areas.
“It is an exciting time to be in Irvine,” Wagner told the crowd in his first State of the City Address Tuesday evening. “We are not without challenges, but we also are not without the resources and the will to tackle those challenges.”
Wagner, who was termed out as a state assemblyman last year, has lived in Irvine since 1991. During his 23-minute speech Tuesday, Wagner praised the quality of life Irvine has to offer, citing various rankings.
Irvine is often dubbed the safest city of its size based on FBI's annual crime statistics, and the reputation of its public schools attracts students from all over the world.
Sunset Magazine has recently ranked Irvine as one of the best places to live because of its bike lanes and trails, low crime rate, a robust economy, diverse population and the emerging Orange County Great Park, Wagner said.
While such a high quality of life has brought Irvine prosperity as one of the state's fastest-growing cities, an influx of new residents has also caused the city its share of growing pains.
“We are very much the victims of our success,” Wagner said.
By year's end, Irvine's population will be closer to 270,000, an increase from 260,000 today, he said.
That's no surprise if you look at homes and apartments under construction.
During this past election, candidates agreed one of the most pressing issues facing Irvine is traffic congestion. Wagner and the new City Council wasted no time and moved toward reinstating the Transportation Commission and recruiting a transportation manager last month.
The Transportation Commission is tasked with evaluating the traffic impact of development proposals, monitoring the progress of traffic improvement projects, reviewing traffic signal coordination and advising the Planning Commission and City Council.
The transportation manager will oversee all aspects of transportation matters such as traffic management and transit planning, while serving as the staff liaison to the proposed Transportation Commission.
The city has also committed to spending $116 million toward solving traffic congestion.
Wagner said the city is ready to deliver on the Orange County Great Park promise. The 1,300-acre park could match the size of San Diego's Balboa Park when fully developed.
FivePoint, which is developing 688 acres of the park for the city, is expected to complete the first of the four phases of the 175-acre sports park construction in late spring.
“You are going to see results,” Wagner said. “This year, we will have soccer games on new fields and inside a new stadium, volleyball tournaments on new sand playing areas and 25 tennis courts. But that's just the beginning.”
The Great Park will eventually feature 454 acres for sports-related uses, making it the largest single public sports complex in California, according to city staff's research.
A proposal to build a temporary amphitheater adjacent to the Great Park is expected to be approved soon, Wagner said.
“The city manager and I have personally met with staff and proponents of the temporary amphitheater and we're pushing a schedule that will allow the venue to open in time for the latter half of this concert season,” he said.
Wagner also touched on the proposed veterans cemetery at the former Marine Corps Air Station El Toro site. California's Veterans Affairs department has submitted an application for federal funding that would cover about half the project's estimated $77.4 million initial cost.
“The veterans deserve a cemetery in Irvine,” Wagner said. “I will continue to work with them and my former colleagues in the (state) legislature to try to get them what they absolutely deserve.”
Councilwoman Melissa Fox said she was pleased that Wagner, in his speech, talked about the inclusion of all people and the freedom to worship, among other issues.
“I liked that he's going to take the issue of traffic by the horns, as we have all been pushing as a council in that direction,” Fox said. “I think we do have to tackle the affordable housing (issue). I would have like to have heard a little bit more about that, but we are working on that.”
Contact the writer: tshimura@scng.com
102 Monarch Bay Drive, Dana Point, California 92629 – Exquisite 4 bed, 4 bath mid-century modern home has over 3,500 sprawling square feet of single-level living space. It has been completely renovated and highly upgraded with impeccable attention to details that accentuate the sophisticated design elements. A flowing and open floor plan welcomes bright, natural light, and the spacious living areas are perfect for entertaining. Sizable front patio provides relaxing ocean views. Backyard sanctuary has meticulously maintained landscaping in a secluded setting, dedicated outdoor barbecue with a dining patio, and the artistically designed spa and pool area are accented by a magnificent pergola and cascading rock wall fountain. The massive kitchen island and top-flight appliances are ideal for the culinarily-driven. Master retreat offers a walk-in closet, spa tiling, separate bath, and shower/steam room. The second ensuite bedroom has its own entrance. There is a 2-car + golf cart garage with custom storage cabinets and epoxy flooring. The home is solar-powered, with no electric bills, and a paid off, transferable lease. As a resident of Monarch Bay, you will have access to the renowned, private Monarch Bay Club. This prestigious venue has a full bar, casual & fine dining, and is open 365 days a year. During the summer months, enjoy complimentary entertainment as well as towel, chair, and umbrella service. With all the amenities provided in both the home and community, 102 Monarch Bay is truly one of South County's finest properties.
Learn More: http://www.ulnickgroup.com/property/1104-Colina-Rodante/San-Clemente/California/92673/170-304898581
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Theo Walcott scored his first goals for Everton in a 2-1 Premier League victory over Leicester on Wednesday.
The former Arsenal winger's first-half double put the home side in control before Jamie Vardy's penalty ensured a nervous finish for the hosts.
The victory provided some respite for Everton, which had slipped to within five points of the relegation zone after failing to win its previous six league games.
Leicester's lack of potency in attack could be attributed to the absence of Riyad Mahrez, who reportedly did not train Tuesday after being the subject of a bid from Premier League leader Manchester City.
However, there was no excuse for Leicester's defensive frailties, with Everton taking full advantage.
Cuco Martina poached the ball from his opposing full back Ben Chilwell on the edge of the Leicester box, allowing Gylfi Sigurdsson to square for Walcott, who finished neatly from close range to give Everton the lead after 25 minutes.
Walcott, who had made just six Premier League appearances for Arsenal this season before joining Everton earlier in January, continued his fine start with the Toffees when he doubled the lead six minutes before the break.
Wayne Rooney's cross to the back post was headed back across goal by Michael Keane, with Walcott timing his arrival perfectly to volley past Kasper Schmeichel.
Leicester pulled a goal back in the 71st when Vardy converted from the spot after Rooney tugged back Wilfried Ndidi, but Everton held on for the win.
Leicester, which hadn't conceded in its three previous league games, drops to eighth in the table with 34 points, three clear of Everton which stays ninth.
There was an additional boost for Everton as full back Seamus Coleman made his first Premier League appearance for 319 days having recovered from a double fracture of his leg.
The former president Bill Clinton, who collaborated with James Patterson on the new thriller “The President Is Missing,” reads everywhere: “At my work table, in my easy chair, in bed and on the plane. Even in the car when I'm not too tired.”
What books are on your nightstand?
“The Future Is History,” by Masha Gessen. It's great and written in a direct, blunt style appropriate for the subject. I'll soon be finished. “The Future of Humanity,” by Michio Kaku; “Enlightenment Now,” by Steven Pinker; and “Capture: A Theory of the Mind,” by David Kessler. Next up is the latest book in Jason Matthews's Red Sparrow trilogy.
When and where do you like to read?
At my work table, in my easy chair, in bed and on the plane. Even in the car when I'm not too tired.
What was the last truly great book you read?
I loved “Killers of the Flower Moon,” by David Grann; “Fascism: A Warning,” by Madeleine Albright; and “Empire of Cotton,” by Sven Beckert.
Cavanagh predicts plenty of surprises from the Red Hands in his swansong 14 June 2017
Tyrone's Sean Cavanagh celebrates.
©INPHO/Lorraine O'Sullivan. Tyrone's Sean Cavanagh celebrates.©INPHO/Lorraine O'Sullivan.
Tyrone has a trick or two up their sleeve as they prepare to take on Donegal in Sunday's Ulster SFC semi-final at Clones.
That's according to their long-serving captain Sean Cavanagh who takes exception to the commonly held view that the Red Hands' game plan is rooted in negativity.
“We might surprise a few people, just put it like that, as the summer goes on,” he predicted when speaking to The Irish News.
“I don't think people have us read right, we're not just the way they believe we are.
“They think we are this team that can only play a certain way. I believe we have much more flexibility than that – and I imagine it will come to the fore at some point...”
Community members stood in support as students and administrators returned for the first day of class since a deadly mass shooting in Santa Fe, Texas, U.S., May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Pu Ying Huang
By Gina Cherelus
(Reuters) - Texas Governor Greg Abbott unveiled a $110 million program intended to increase school safety by putting additional trained marshals inside schools and more closely monitoring social media for threats in the aftermath of a deadly school shooting earlier this month.
The plan was announced nearly two weeks after a 17-year-old armed with a shotgun and pistol killed 10 students and educators at Santa Fe High School in the Houston area.
It followed a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, in February in which 17 people, mostly students, were massacred.
"Everybody in this entire process and everybody in the state of Texas never wants to see another occasion where innocent students are gunned down in their own schools," Abbott told a news conference in Dallas on Wednesday.
The proposed funding works out to about $20 per student in a state that has about 5.5 million students enrolled in its public schools.
The 40-point plan, which followed meetings last week between Abbott and education and law enforcement officials, calls for enhanced mental health resources for students and new metal detectors for extra security at schools, Abbott said in a statement.
The Texas Democratic Party issued a statement condemning the governor's plan, claiming that he failed to directly address gun crimes that occur in the United States.
"Nothing in Abbott's plans address the reality that it is too easy for a weapon to end up in the hands of someone wanting to cause harm," Texas Democratic Party chair Gilberto Hinojosa said in a statement.
Abbott is an ardent defender of the right to bear arms under the Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Soon after the shooting at Santa Fe High School he said that any proposed legal changes that he would consider improving school safety would "protect Second Amendment rights."
His proposals include eliminating a rule that requires some school marshals to store their weapons in a safe while on campus.
Abbott said he would ask lawmakers to consider legislation to allow law enforcement, families, school staff or a district attorney to file a petition seeking the removal of firearms from a potentially dangerous person only after legal due process was provided.
(Reporting by Gina Cherelus; Editing by Scott Malone)
Summer love with a twist is how director Luca Guadagnino makes viewers dive into his 2017 Sundance hit Call Me by Your Name. The press it received at the Sundance Film Festival in 2017 established its desire to be requested for a more substantial release nationwide. Now nominated for Best Picture and Best Actor (Timothée Chalamet) at the Academy Awards this March, it is easy to see why everyone has declared it a masterpiece.
The film is centered around Academy Award-nominated actor Timothée Chalamet, whose character Elio is a young man who spends his summer in the Italian countryside with his family. His father, a professor of Greco-Roman Culture, selects a student to spend the summer with his family and work alongside him. Armie Hammer, known for lead roles in The Man from U.N.C.L.E. and The Birth of a Nation, plays Oliver, a charming American student who catches Elio's eye.
Despite a prominent age gap standing between Elio and Oliver, as well the idea that neither is open about their sexuality, a thorny love story still blooms. From spending days exploring Crema, their Italian town, to watching archaeological dives for Oliver's work, and resting in fields in the midst of bike rides, you see a visual of how strong love can be, especially for the first time.
Beyond the story, how Call Me by Your Name was filmed seems potentially even more critical. Every scene feels vital within those two hours, capturing the essence of a lazy, almost-carefree love mid-season. Shots of nature and sounds of birds and insects make the summer daydream vivid for the audience. Specific choices such as vibrant short summer apparel, the color of flesh visible in most scenes and various landscaping shots make it easy for anyone who knows the season well to feel at home.
The praise for this film goes beyond its outstanding actors, renowned director and various set members; it is virtually entirely about the screenplay and how under- told the romantic story of two gay men is. The movie depicts how some individuals felt about needing to hide their sexuality in the 1980's. While some are accepting of others, there are still those who are not accepting of themselves. Guadagnino displays how intoxicating their love was so well, making it seem only that Elio and Oliver's voices were the ones which needed to be heard. The now famous line, “Call me by your name and I'll call you by mine,” shows how infatuated they both become not only with each other but also with the capability to act upon their mutual attraction and later adoration.
The last scene brings the heart-wrenching yet uplifting film to a close while giving Chalamet's character a moment to breathe. Michael Stuhlbarg, who plays Elio's father, makes it evident that he knew about Oliver and Elio's love and never wished to interrupt knowing how much of Elio's heart belongs to Oliver. His speech at the end is what every child who struggles with identity and acceptance could hope to hear. What is most chilling is Chalamet's last moment with the camera; his eyes desperately wanting to break the fourth wall. This cinematic wonder is receiving the acknowledgment it deserves, setting a precedent for the film industry regarding romantic dramas.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — The brother of a crewman aboard a crab boat missing and presumed sunk in the Bering Sea says it's likely no one will ever know what went wrong.
Dylan Hatfield says a number of factors probably contributed to a capsizing Saturday morning of the 98-foot crab boat Destination with six crewmen on board.
Hatfield spent parts of seven seasons on the boat, and when he left, he was replaced by his brother, 36-year-old Darrik Seibold.
Hatfield says the boat may have iced up from sea spray freezing in 20-degree temperatures. He says a pump may have failed in tanks that hold water and help stabilize the ship in rough water.
Crew members disappeared without sending out a mayday call. Hatfield says that likely means the boat sank quickly.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook (all times local):
11:50 a.m.
A former girlfriend of the suspect in the slaying of an elderly Cleveland man has told CBS News in a text that 37-year-old Steve Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone and was "kind and loving" to her and her children.
Joy Lane says Monday she had a relationship for several years with Stephens, now the target of a nationwide manhunt for the Easter slaying.
Stephens, in a video he posted to Facebook, mentions Lane's name to 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and says she is "the reason that this is about to happen to you" before the random attack.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams says Lane is cooperating with authorities and is being protected.
___
11:05 a.m.
A spokeswoman for the behavior health facility where the suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked says the man underwent an extensive FBI background check before being hired in 2008.
Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer says Monday there was nothing in the background check for 37-year-old Steve Stephens that caused any concerns.
Kortemeyer says Stephens' job since 2015 as a vocational specialist involved preparing youth and young adults ages 16-25 for employment.
Stephens had referred to himself as a case manager. Kortemeyer says he did have a caseload of clients that he managed.
Authorities say Stephens did not have a criminal record.
Officials say Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday and posted the gruesome video on Facebook.
___
10:45 a.m.
A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says he was a gentle person, with nothing mean about him.
Debbie Godwin says her father, 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., was shot Sunday afternoon while he was picking up aluminum cans. She says he "wasn't harming anyone."
Authorities are telling people in Cleveland, as well as Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan, to be on the lookout for the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens.
Cleveland's police chief is telling residents to be careful.
Debbie Godwin says her father was retired and had 10 children. She says he spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things he loved most, fishing in Lake Erie.
___
10:25 a.m.
The behavioral health facility where a suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked has closed Monday out of concern for the safety of employees, clients and visitors
A spokeswoman for Beech Brook, in suburban Pepper Pike, issued a statement Monday that says 37-year-old suspect Steve Stephens has been employed there since 2008 and has been a vocational specialist in a program for youth and young adults since 2015.
The statement says both the Pepper Pike facility and a drop-in center in Cleveland are closed and that a decision will be made later Monday about when they will reopen.
___
9:30 a.m.
Authorities on the hunt for a suspect who they say fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say his last known location was at the shooting site.
Police and the FBI in Cleveland said Monday that the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens, could still be in the city or in surrounding states.
Chief Calvin Williams says detectives talked with Stephens by cellphone Sunday after he shot 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. but haven't had contact since.
Authorities are telling people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Cleveland's police chief says officers have searched dozens of places since the shooting Sunday and told residents to go about their business, but be careful.
___
7 a.m.
Cleveland police searching for the suspect who fatally shot an elderly passerby in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say no more victims have been found, despite the shooter's claim that he killed over a dozen people.
Police said Monday that they've found no evidence of other slayings linked to the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens. They planned to provide updates on the search at a news conference later Monday morning.
They say Stephens may have left Ohio, and they're urging people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
The kind of scene that plays out on a daily basis on a sheet of ice inside the Gadbois Center in Montreal would never be replicated in the NFL, NBA, professional baseball or hockey or most other sports.
On the same rink at any given time, you're likely to find French ice dance world champions Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron training alongside U.S. champions Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donohue, while two-time Olympic medalists Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir wait in the wings.
All under the watchful eyes of coaches Marie-France Dubreuil and Patrice Lauzon.
It would be like the Patriots and Steelers sharing a practice field. The Lakers and Celtics working in the same gym. The Cubs and Cardinals swapping trade secrets.
You see, one of the oddities of figure skating is that training partners are often your biggest rivals. They're the teams that you're likely to run into at major events, trying to knock you down each step of the podium — their every success dovetailing with your own failures.
"They have so many teams, so there is only so much ice," Hubbell said. "We skate four hours a day, so usually two of those hours will overlap. It's pretty rare we'll all be on the ice together because there has to be space, but we share the ice. We often train at the same time. We do simulations. We make a fake competition, warm up together, go one after another and cheer each other on."
Yes, they cheer each other on.
The fact they're competing for the same medals — indeed, those three ice dance couples trained by Dubreuil and Lauzon are medals favorites at the Winter Games in South Korea — doesn't change the fact most training partners tend to be close friends.
It beats the alternative: soul-shaking awkwardness.
"Oh, absolutely. Marie and Patch are certainly running their school," Donohue said. "No matter who you are, you're going to learn. They don't allow drama or negativity or rivalry. There's no bad blood allowed. We have a certain level of respect, so with that at the forefront of everything we do, it's almost impossible not to root for each other."
Nathan Chen and Adam Rippon, two of the three American men headed to South Korea, train with Rafael Arutunian in California. Two-time world champion Javier Fernandez of Spain and reigning Olympic champ Yuzuru Hanyu of Japan work under Brian Orser in Toronto. The favorites in the ladies event, Russian stars Evgenia Medvedeva and Alina Zagitova, train with Eteri Tutberidze in Moscow.
The reason this strange dynamic occurs so often is simple: Just as few skaters ever climb to their sport's pinnacle, there are few coaches capable of taking them even higher.
Besides, the competition that exists in training sessions is often tougher than in events.
"Zhenya and I are good friends," said Zagitova, using Medvedeva's pet name, after topping her at the recent European championships. "There's obviously a rivalry at the training sessions, but it's not a bad one. It's playful. We encourage each other. It's good motivation."
Medvedeva points out that figure skating remains an "individual sport," and both Russian skaters choose to focus on their own routines rather than what the other is doing.
"I have my own way and I try to follow it," she said, "because time has taught me that you don't need to watch others. There are moments where, like Alina said, competition can stimulate you, but you need to concentrate on your own elements and that's especially important for me."
Virtue and Moir, back for one more Olympics, are certainly accustomed to skating with their biggest rivals. They took gold ahead of training partners Meryl Davis and Charlie White at the 2010 Games in Vancouver, then silver behind the now-retired Americans four years ago in Sochi.
"To be honest, we don't directly compare. We don't feel like that's a useful tool for Tess and I," Moir said. "That strategizing against other teams, that's something I got into in the past and it wasn't helpful. It got me away from what I love about the sport and that's skating with Tess."
Hubbell called it "inspiring" training alongside the top French and Canadian teams, and along with Donohue, she credited their unique training environment in Montreal with helping finally ascend to the top of the podium at the U.S. championships after several close calls.
"There are three spots on the podium at the Olympics and we all know we're going for one of them," Hubbell said. "I guess the thing that Marie-France has always said, 'If you shoot for gold, maybe you'll land silver or bronze, but you'll land on the podium.
"We'll be happy to be standing up there, representing the team we have in Montreal."
___
AP Sports Writer James Ellingworth in Moscow contributed to this report.
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
Much of the country recognized Memorial Day on Monday, May 28, but LSU held its ceremony Wednesday.
The Ole War Skule-style Memorial Day ceremony held Wednesday happened to fit with its original date. From 1868 to 1970, Memorial Day was held on May 30 instead of the last Monday of May. It was moved in order to create a long holiday weekend.
The ceremony honored those who gave their lives in service of the country with a wreath-laying ceremony, Taps, and a moment of silence.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
2 p.m.
Judging errors cast widespread confusion over Joey "Jaws" Chestnut's record-setting 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut took home the Mustard Belt after downing 74 franks and buns in 10 minutes - two more than he did last year. Second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti ate 64.
But longtime announcer George Shea tells The Associated Press he noticed in real time that jurists measuring Chestnut's and Cincotti's intake weren't counting from two plates stacked with franks that the eaters were drawing from. The under-counted tally was then displayed on live TV.
Shea says both Chestnut and Cincotti were adamant about their scores, which were certified by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
He says new judges will be used next year.
___
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ABOARD THE PHOENIX, on the Andaman Sea — We were looking for Rohingya. There were none.
For nearly a week this month, the Phoenix, a search-and-rescue boat run by a Malta-based charity group had scoured the Andaman Sea for Rohingya Muslims fleeing persecution in Myanmar in rickety boats.
Not many Rohingyas have taken to the seas this sailing season, unlike in previous years when at least 80,000 people risked a dangerous passage and hundreds died along the way. But we had word that a wooden skiff crammed with 36 Rohingya was chugging its way past the camber of Myanmar, along the isthmus of Thailand, to Malaysia.
At least 60,000 Rohingya work in Malaysia, mostly as undocumented laborers. Still, a hard life in exile is better than conditions back home in Myanmar's far western Rakhine State, where the military and civilian gangs have unleashed rape, slaughter and a forced evacuation on the Muslim minority.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
___
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
"I feel very confident we're going to get this done ... at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it," House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
"There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions," Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's "Meet the Press with Chuck Todd" on Sunday. "So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen."
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Getty Image
As more details come to light about the suspects behind the Toronto and Nashville, Tennessee tragedies, one of the brighter spots also (thankfully) making the rounds has been James Shaw. Police credit the 29-year-old man with preventing further bloodshed at the Waffle House in Nashville's Antioch neighborhood, where Travis Reinking killed four people and injured many others. Shaw wrestled the suspect's AR-15 rifle from him, causing the latter to flee the scene, and later started a GoFundMe page for the victims of the attack. On Tuesday, the Tennessee legislature officially recognized Shaw for his heroism.
In a joint resolution passed by the state's general assembly, Shaw was applauded for his heroic act — as well as his “penchant for honesty”:
“No matter his motivations, Mr. Shaw is indeed a hero; his actions on that fateful morning are unfathomable to most, indescribable by even the chief of police, and very poignant to the citizens of Nashville, who are deeply grateful for his brave actions in the face of extreme adversity that saved many lives,” the resolution said.
Despite the accolades, Shaw maintains that his motivations were more selfish than anything else. “I was just trying to live,” he told the New York Times in an interview, recounting what happened when he fought back against Reinking. “I wasn't trying to get no money from him, I wasn't trying to do anything from his standpoint. I just wanted to live, and he was, like, astonished, that I wanted to live.”
Facebook plunged to its worst loss in four years Monday and led a rout in technology companies. The social media company's stock fell following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users.
On Monday:
The S&P 500 index lost 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91.
The Nasdaq composite retreated 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks skidded 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 39.31 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 108.31 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 440.85 points, or 6.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 35.05 points, or 2.3 percent.
The Iberville Parish Sheriff's Office would like to let residents know an "intense" active shooter drill will be held at a school in Plaquemine on Thursday, May 31.
The drill will be conducted at Iberville Math, Science, and Arts Academy west campus in Plaquemine around 10 a.m.
Sheriff Brett Stassi says this will be the most intense drill deputies have ever participated in since they will not know where the shooter is on the school's campus, nor will they know if there are multiple shooters or just one. The drill will also simulate injuries to students and faculty, which will require deputies to help students hide or evacuate the school.
Other agencies to participate in the drill include:
Iberville Parish School Board
Plaquemine Police Department
Plaquemine Fire Department
Acadian Ambulance
Ochsner Medical Complex-Iberville
A group of students from MSA and Plaquemine High will play various roles of injured, scared, panicked students to make it as real as possible.
"We have all seen that shootings at schools can happen anywhere at any time. We have school resource officers at every public school in Iberville Parish, so they are our first line of defense. They, and all our law enforcement officers, need this training to prepare them, as much as possible, for these horrific events," said Stassi.
The parish's program to put officers at every school was beefed up several years ago, Stassi says. "This is a $700,000 investment paid by the sheriff's office and school board, so we take student safety very seriously," he said.
The sheriff's office has already conducted several surprise visits to schools to see how staff reacts to lockdowns and where improvements can be made.
"The public will see a lot of emergency vehicles and activity at the school on Thursday, May 31. We want to make sure they know this is a training drill," said Stassi.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The social network is facing criticism for a posting of a killing, but it is not the first struggle the company has had over content.
Niagara Region was wrong to seize a St. Catharines Standard reporter's notebook and computer and acted without any legal authority, says regional chair Alan Caslin,
Caslin's comments in a written statement issued Sunday and again in an interview Monday morning with The Standard are the strongest statements of remorse yet from the Region over last Thursday night's incident which saw regional staff unlawfully confiscate journalist Bill Sawchuk's equipment before ejecting him from regional headquarters.
On Friday, regional chief administrative officer Carmen D'Angelo apologized for the “inconvenience” caused to Sawchuk.
Caslin said mistakes were made and he takes responsibility for them. Staff, he said, answers to the will of council, and he is the head of council.
“The buck stops with me. I'm it,” Caslin said Monday. “As chair of the board, it's my position, although it's a rented a position. It's my decision and if I did not follow through well enough to understand what was going on (outside of council chambers) as well as what was going on inside that is my responsibility.”
However, asked who gave the order to seize Sawchuk's notes and computer and have him removed from the building, Caslin pointed to everyone in the council chambers.
“About 25 councillors, a lawyer, the CAO, staff and a chair,” Caslin said, who also said order had broken down in the chamber at the time. “It wasn't as if one person masterminded what happened. Councillors were yelling across the room ‘What about that piece of equipment? What about this piece of equipment?'”
St. Catharines Mayor Walter Sendzik — who issued his own statement about the incident on the weekend — was pointedly critical of senior staff.
“Is this serious enough that it should become a human resources issue?” Sendzik said in a Monday interview. “This is something that regional council has to take very seriously.”
Sawchuk was covering Thursday evening's council meeting when councillors decided to move the meeting behind closed doors to discuss code of conduct issues pertaining to St. Catharines Coun. Andy Petrowski.
Caslin ordered the audience in the gallery to leave council chambers for the in-camera session. Reporters also have to leave during in-camera portions of the meeting, and Sawchuk left his notes and computer on the media table.
Equipment belonging to local blogger Preston Haskell was also left on the table. On his blog and on Facebook, Haskel said he left the room to use the bathroom before council went into closed session. His recorder was left on, and he could not get back into the room because the in-camera meeting had started, he said. Haskell, who has not responded to interview requests, does not indicate if he alerted anyone to his operating recorder in chambers.
Several accounts of the meeting, including that of Caslin, indicate that Fort Erie Coun. Sandy Annunziata lifted a hat on the media table and found Haskell's device.
Caslin said Annunziata will have to explain why he was searching the media table.
Annunziata was not immediately available for an interview Monday. In a Friday email, he explained his search by saying being an elected official furnishes him with a preternatural sense to detect “political skullduggery.”
In his online posts, Haskell denies the recorder was under a hat.
Haskell's equipment was seized and, after some discussion, Sawchuk's equipment was taken.
Caslin said the episode in the council chambers took about 60 seconds. Sawchuk said it was at least 10 minutes between the time the closed session began until he learned his equipment was being confiscated.
Regional clerk Frank Fabiano locked the computer in his office. Sawchuk was prevented from returning to the chambers to collect his notes by regional general manager Chris Carter.
Flanked by two Niagara Regional Police officers, Carter told Sawchuk he had to leave immediately, or he would have to deal with the officers.
NRP Chief Bryan McCulloch was not available for an interview Monday.
Caslin could not explain To Monday why Carter had Sawchuk removed, saying council's only intention was to have Haskell's device removed from the chamber so they could continue the meeting.
“We all make mistakes, and I have admitted in this case mistakes were made. I think there is an opportunity for improvement,” Caslin said of Carter's conduct. “We didn't see, as council, any of that. Chris is the type of individual type who is pretty animated in his mannerism, and I am sure he could be deemed as intimidating in that circumstance.”
The Standard left several messages for Carter Monday. None were returned.
Last week The Standard pressed senior staff — including Fabiano and D'Angelo — about what legal authority they believed they had to seize a reporter's equipment. Asked during an interview Thursday evening, Fabiano said he was acting on D'Angelo's authority and “invited” reporters to talk to the Region's lawyers in the morning. On Friday, D'Angelo was asked 17 times in a 30-minute interview but refused to answer the question once.
Monday, Caslin answered the question directly.
“I'll answer that,” Caslin said. “None.”
Caslin said the situation was already tense as councillors were delving into the latest Petrowski code of conduct issue, and the discovery of Haskell's recorder heightened emotions in the room. He said no one knew what to do and there are no protocols to guide council or staff.
“All council was there. The lawyer is there. To say one person is at fault is wrong,” Caslin said.
In an email to councillors Monday, obtained by The Standard, D'Angelo laid some blame on other members of staff.
“On Thursday, decisions around the removal of electronic devices were miscommunicated amongst staff, as I was predominantly in chambers with all of you I did not see the actions that occurred outside and that of the regional clerk,” he wrote. “I have followed up to ensure these events are not repeated.”
Sendzik said Monday laying blame on everyone in the room is “buck passing.”
He said D'Angelo and his staff — particularly Carter and Fabiano — have to be held accountable for their decisions and actions. Apologies, he said, are not enough.
The mayor took particular issue with D'Angelo's repeated claim that the circumstance was “unprecedented” in his more than 20 years of public service.
Sendzik said that is because D'Angelo didn't have any experience running a billion-dollar municipal corporation like Niagara Region before becoming CAO.
“He was a paramedic and then at some small agencies before this. He doesn't have the experience running a corporation this size, with this many people and departments,” Sendzik said. “And that shows.”
Caslin said rather than punitive measures levelled at staff, the Region can take the incident as a learning experience and craft better policies.
Specifically, he said council needs policy and protocols about electronic devices used at council, especially during closed meetings.
Sendzik said this is never an issue at St. Catharines city council meetings, because councillors move into an anteroom for confidential matters. Councillors must leave their cell phones behind, and the sergeant-at-arms stays in the chamber to ensure nothing happens to the devices. The sergeant is also the person who monitors the behaviour of members of the public, including the press.
Caslin said hiring a sergeant-at-arms is something the Region should consider.
Both Caslin and D'Angelo have called Sawchuk to apologize for the incident. Sawchuk said he accepted the apologies on a personal level, but did not accept them as apologies from regional council or from the corporation.
“My call was of a personal nature. I know Bill, and I have worked with Bill for some years, I know him to be a man of character and sound judgment,” Caslin said. “To me, it was really about: we've offended someone I consider to be a colleague and someone I respect.”
The Standard is still weighing its legal options and response to the incident.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Neff Corp., up $4.15 to $26
The equipment rental company Neff said it received a buyout offer worth $25 per share, or $596 million.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV, up 99 cents to $12.60
Automotive News reported that a Chinese carmaker offered to buy the company, but that the offer was rejected.
Newmont Mining Corp., down 51 cents to $36.02
The price of gold fell as tensions between the U.S. and North Korea appeared to ease.
Tesco Corp., up 50 cents to $4.40
The drilling technology developer said it will be acquired by drilling contractor Nabors Industries in an all-stock deal.
Netflix Inc., down 40 cents to $171
The streaming video company announced a deal with show creator Shonda Rhimes, one of the biggest names in TV.
Target Corp., up 76 cents to $55.79
The retailer said it will buy transportation technology company Grand Junction to help it offer same-day delivery to shoppers.
VMware Inc., up $6.07 to $98.02
The cloud computing company gave a strong second-quarter forecast.
JD.com Inc., down $1.65 to $44.25
Investors were disappointed with the Chinese online retailer's second-quarter results.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc., up 53 cents to $12.67
Technology companies including chipmakers did better than the rest of the market on Monday.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Following reports of a marijuana smell, Pelham has issued a release letting residents know what they can do in the event they smell the odour.
The release indicates there are currently five federally licensed marijuana growing operations in Pelham, although it does not indicate where those are.
Pelham encourages its residents to contact Health Canada, the town and the local MP Dean Allison if you smell "one of rural Ontario's newest agricultural odours."
In addition to telling residents to alert these parties, the release provides a list of things residents should know in regards to this form of agriculture.
Marijuana growing facilities in greenhouses require federal licensing and are regulated by Health Canada. Because of that, these facilities are routinely inspected to ensure they are compliant with government regulations.
Being federally regulated, however, Pelham has no jurisdiction over them when it comes to penalties or regulations.
Pelham does have two relevant zoning bylaws that apply to the use of land and greenhouses, however.
One zoning bylaw stipulates that agricultural use is "use of land, building or structure for the purpose of, amongst other things, horticulture and greenhouses."
The other stipulates "a greenhouse as a structure used to cultivate or grow floral, vegetable or other horticultural produce in a climatically controlled environment."
As those exist, the municipality is asking residents to file a bylaw service request in addition to contacting Health Canada and the MP so the complaints can be documented at a municipal level.
To file a bylaw service request, residents can go online and fill out the form found at http://www.pelham.ca/en/how-might-I/resources/Fire-and-By-Law/Images/By-law-Services-Request-Form.pdf.
Complaints to Health Canada can be directed to the Office of Medical Cannabis at omc-bcm@hc.sc.gc.ca or by calling 1-866-337-7705.
MP Dean Allison can be reached via email at info@deanallison.ca for those interested in sending their concerns to him.
More information about licensed facilities and the regulations they must follow are available at https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada.
AP photo
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov hopes that the United States will refrain from taking unilateral actions against North Korea (the DPRK).
"We do not accept Pyongyang's nuclear and missile adventures in violation of numerous resolutions of the UN Security Council," Sergei Lavrov said.
At the same time, he added, it does not mean that one can violate international law by using force for violating the UN Charter. "I very much hope that unilateral actions, like those that we have seen in Syria, will not follow," he said.
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a recent press conference with the head of the US State Department, Rex Tillerson, that Russian President Vladimir Putin confirmed Moscow's readiness to return to the US-Russian memorandum on Syria if the US could confirm that its actions target the elimination of terrorism in the war-torn country.
Earlier, Putin's official spokesman Dmitry Peskov also said that Washington should not repeat unpredictable actions.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
ASPEN, Colo. (AP) — It certainly wasn't the first time Iouri Podladtchikov had elicited gasps from a halfpipe crowd. This time, though, there was nothing to celebrate.
A mere two weeks before he was to defend his Olympic title, the snowboarder called I-Pod bashed his face against the halfpipe and skidded lifelessly to the bottom. Though he was diagnosed with a broken nose and no brain or neck trauma, Sunday's injury at the Winter X Games still served as a stark reminder of the stakes involved in the beautiful, dangerous sport of professional snowboarding.
"There's no doubt it's a risky game, especially at the highest level," said coach Bud Keene, who worked with Shaun White during the previous three Olympics. "We watch people like Shaun and Ayumu (Hirano) execute amazing, acrobatic runs, flawlessly and seemingly effortlessly. The truth is, they're putting the pedal down, and when you're punching it, there's a certain amount of hope that things will work out.
"Modern halfpipe riding is a mixture of talent, strength and crazy."
Seemingly no big name in the sport, which has grown exponentially since it was introduced to the Olympics in 1998, is immune to torn-up knees, broken wrists, busted ankles and, in the worst-case scenario, trauma to the head and neck.
White is coming back from a gruesome injury that occurred when he slammed his face on the wall of a halfpipe in New Zealand last October. Eight years ago at Winter X, he slammed his head into the halfpipe during a training run but was still allowed to compete; he won on the way to his second Olympic title.
Not everyone escapes unharmed. The two most high-profile cases involved Kevin Pearce, who suffered a traumatic brain injury in a 2009 training accident, and halfpipe skier Sarah Burke, who was killed in a training accident in 2012.
I-Pod's wreck stands out not only because he is the defending Olympic champion who patented the Yolo Flip, which has become widely viewed as the toughest trick on the halfpipe, but because it came on a national telecast during the biggest contest this side of the Olympics, less than two weeks before the Pyeongchang Games are set to start.
Podladtchikov laid motionless at the bottom of the nearly silent halfpipe for about 20 minutes while medical personnel stabilized his neck and placed him into the sled for a trip to the hospital.
The rest of the riders, waiting at the top of the pipe, conceded it was jarring but said there was nothing to be gained by thinking about it too much.
"I tried to block it out," said Jake Pates, who was the next to go after I-Pod was taken off.
Remarkably, the level of risk and riding after the accident rose to level nobody has seen in a halfpipe contest.
Hirano, the defending Olympic silver medalist, won after becoming the first rider to land back-to-back 1440-degree spins in a contest.
He was closely pursued by Australian Scotty James, who landed three double corks on his second-place run, capping it with a switch backside double cork 1260, a hugely difficult and technical trick that involves him both taking off and landing a two-flip jump while he's traveling backward.
In the aftermath of I-Pod's injury, the question became why would they put themselves at risk so close to the Olympics? The answer is partly in the history and importance of the X Games, an ESPN production that brought snowboarding to the masses and without which, the sport wouldn't have grown as it has.
"I had to do this," said Hirano, who won his first gold medal at the event. "I had to be here."
Not present, however, was White, who came to the X Games to practice but withdrew to rest up before heading to South Korea this weekend to start his training there.
It was a calculated move by the best-known figure in the sport, who is seeking to become the first three-time Olympic gold medalist in snowboarding.
"That's why if you see any top competitor not doing it, it's because they don't want to risk injury," said White's coach, 2002 Olympic bronze medalist JJ Thomas. "This is a night event. Korea is a day event. The pipe is a lot harder (at night). It's big risk, big reward."
It figures to keep getting more difficult and, therefore, more dangerous.
The runs Hirano and James put down in Aspen, along with a massively difficult run that White used to score a 100 and win a qualifier in Snowmass a few weeks earlier, have set the bar for what it will take to win this Olympics.
"When you're as capable as they are, and work as hard at it as they do, then once the bell rings, those injuries sort of melt away," Keene said, "and everybody's going for it."
× Expand Sam Chandler Mountain Brook Invitational Vestavia Hills' James Sweeney, Homewood's Will Stone and Mountain Brook's Charlie Slaughter battle at the front of the boys 1-mile race on Saturday afternoon at the Mountain Brook Invitational.
More than 75 teams and 2,000 athletes descended upon Mountain Brook High School this past Friday and Saturday for the Mountain Brook Invitational track and field meet.
The two-day spectacle, which included both middle school and high school competitions, is revered as one of the most prestigious events of the outdoor season.
It lived up to its billing.
The 2017 Class 7A state indoor champion Hoover High boys and 6A indoor champion Homewood High girls relied on depth to propel them to team titles against talented fields. The Buccaneer boys totaled 127.5 points to runner-up Central-Phenix City's 83. Hewitt-Trussville finished third with 76 points.
The Homewood girls scored 112.5 points to outpace Mountain Brook and Hoover. The Spartan and Buccaneer girls tied for second at 102.
"It just makes you feel good in a sense of, being towards the end of the season, athletes stepping up when they need to step up," Homewood head coach Tom Esslinger said.
Standout performances littered the results sheet. Local athletes shined.
Hoover's Caitlyn Little and Hewitt-Trussville's Noah Igbinoghene were named meet MVPs. Little recorded first-place finishes in the 100-meter dash, 100-meter hurdles and 300-meter hurdles. Her victories in the 100 dash and 100 hurdles came less than 15 minutes apart.
"I'm pretty happy with the results," said Little, speaking between breaths after completing the 100 sweep.
Little broke meet records in each of her hurdles races, eclipsing marks held previously by former stars Brittley Humphrey (100, Hoover) and Christina Chambers (300, Cullman). Little ran 13.65 seconds for the 100 hurdles and 43.12 for the 300 hurdles. A senior, she had not run a 300 hurdles race since her freshman year prior to the weekend's meet.
× Expand Sam Chandler Mountain Brook Invitational Hoover High senior Caitlyn Little was named female MVP of the Mountain Brook Invitational. She won the 100-meter dash, 100-meter hurdles and 300-meter hurdles.
Igbinoghene nearly matched Little's trio of triumphs. He broke his own meet record in the triple jump with a leap of 49 feet, 4.75 inches, won the long jump (23-3.5) and placed second in the 100 meters (10.83).
Little and Igbinoghene were two of four local athletes to win multiple events. Oak Mountain's Nicole Payne (200, 400) and Spain Park's Christian Strong (110 hurdles, 300 hurdles) also prevailed in their respective disciplines.
Mountain Brook's Anna Grace Morgan came close. The Spartan senior took first in the 2 mile (11:24.51) and second in the 1 mile (5:06.42). She lost to Huntsville's Abbey Zane in the mile by just over a second.
"I'm not happy with my performances, but I do think I can use them to help me over the next couple weeks and for state," Morgan said.
Vestavia Hills junior James Sweeney also nearly clinched gold in the two distance events. He won the 2 mile in 9:33.75 and placed third in the mile (4:25.68). Homewood sophomore Will Stone took second (4:23.86) in the event, while Southside-Gadsden's Hunter Nails took first (4:21.12).
"My training the past two weeks has noticeably been the best training I've had my whole career," Sweeney said. "Stuff's been falling into place."
Sweeney's teammate, Walter Thomas, identified with his remarks. The Rebels' senior threw 57-2.75 to capture the shot put title. It was his farthest heave since the 2016 state outdoor meet, which he won at 59-0.5
"It was a lot of adrenaline and a lot of coaching," Thomas said of his breakthrough. "This is a good place to be right now."
Hewitt-Trussville won the middle school boys division, while Bumpus won the middle school girls division. Hewitt's Nathan Knox and Sydney White were named MVPs.
Mountain Brook High head track and field coach Michael McGovern, the event organizer, said his home meet went about as well as it could. He credited his staff for making the weekend possible.
"It was great. We got a lot of compliments," McGovern said. "I think people enjoy coming to this meet, and we enjoy putting it on."
Other notable local event winners
High school girls
800 meters: Lily Hulsey (Mountain Brook), 2:14.92
High jump: Caroline Lawrence (Homewood), 5-4
Long jump: Genesis Jones (Hoover), 17-3.25
Triple jump: Adrienne Lewis (Clay-Chalkville), 36-10
Javelin: Emorie Long (Pelham), 119-1
High school boys
400 meters: Jake Diggs (Hewitt-Trussville), 48.07, meet record
800 meters: Griffin Riley (Mountain Brook), 1:54.83
Pole vault: James Courson (Hoover), 15 feet
Javelin: Ashton Domingue (Briarwood Christian), 192-4
CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand (AP) — England Under-19 captain Harry Brook was dropped for the final match of his team's World Cup campaign Tuesday in the latest disciplinary issue to hit English cricket.
Vice-captain Will Jacks took over from Brook and led England to a 32-run win over New Zealand in the playoff for seventh place.
In a statement, the International Cricket Council said England confirmed Brook had been dropped for "a disciplinary matter, but are yet to disclose a reason."
Brook had scored a century and two half centuries at the tournament, to average 119.5.
In recent months, England allrounder Ben Stokes has been charged with affray after a brawl outside a Bristol nightclub in September. Wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow oddly greeted Australia batsman Cameron Bancroft with a headbutt at a Perth nightclub early in the Ashes tour of Australia.
Ben Duckett, a batsman for the second-tier England Lions, was fined "the maximum allowable amount" and issued with a final written warning after a pouring a drink over senior England bowler James Anderson.
Just a reminder about the MacTier Railroad Heritage Society June 2 Garage Sale that's to be on MacTier Arena floor. If you wish to book a booth at this, it's $10 per six-foot table and it goes from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. It is free admission. For early setup, it is night before on June 1 from 6 to 9 p.m. Contact 705-375-2619 for bookings.
WISE Workouts, a class geared to older adults 55-plus, will be held on Tuesdays May 22 to June 26 at the MacTier Arena hall from 3.15 to 4.15 p.m. This is led by a certified seniors fitness instructor and is developed around research conducted at the Canadian Centre of Activity CCAA in London, Ontario. To register contact 705-645-2100, Ext, 199 by May 15.
Finally, with some nice warmer sunny weather lately, be careful driving about the township roads as crews will be cleaning, inspecting culverts, etc. Be prepared to stop in areas. Let's get on with spring cleanup!
Notice some stirring around with summer business owners beginning to drop by their establishments. They will begin setting up for early May for another summer. Welcome back. By the way, when is the new restaurant in the centre of town going to open up? It looks very nice and ready to go.
Is something holding this up?
Brian Lemkay is a columnist with the Parry Sound Beacon Star. His column, News from MacTier, appears weekly. He can be reached at brian.lemkay@sympatico.ca.
Photo
Seriously? That's all they've got?
The four-page memo that promised to reveal the biggest political scandal in a generation has finally been released. For all the pregame hype, the memo looks less like the next Watergate and more like the next “unmasking”-gate, the 2017 pseudo-scandal that alleged — wrongly — that Obama administration officials had mishandled classified information. That dust-up was orchestrated, coincidentally, by Representative Devin Nunes, the California Republican who heads the House Intelligence Committee and whose staff prepared the document released on Friday.
The memo opens darkly, raising “concerns with the legitimacy and legality” of Justice Department and F.B.I. interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. What sort of illegality are they talking about? The memo doesn't say.
Its central assertion appears to be that investigators who sought and received a warrant from the intelligence court to surveil the Trump campaign adviser Carter Page misled the court by failing to reveal the biased evidence they were relying on. First, they included in their warrant application a dossier prepared by Christopher Steele, a former British spy, without telling the court that Mr. Steele's research was partly funded by the Clinton campaign. Second, they did not reveal that Mr. Steele had told a Justice Department official that he “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.”
The memo also notes that Andrew McCabe, the deputy director of the F.B.I. who stepped down this week, testified to the Intelligence Committee in December that investigators would not have sought the warrant without the information contained in the dossier.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This is all potentially interesting information. How significant is it in context? For starters, what other evidence did the intelligence court rely on in finding probable cause to issue the warrant? The memo doesn't say. What about the court's rationale for issuing three separate extensions, each of which required investigators to present new evidence beyond the dossier? The memo doesn't say. Was any significant piece of information in the dossier found to be inaccurate? The memo doesn't say. Did the court assume bias on the part of Mr. Steele or the funders of his research, as courts regularly do when considering evidence supporting a request for a warrant? The memo doesn't say.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
You know what would help to answer questions like these? Even more transparency. It would be useful, for instance, if we could see all of the supporting evidence in the warrant application — with necessary redactions, of course, to protect sources and methods. Also helpful would be the 10-page response memo prepared by Representative Adam Schiff, the committee's ranking Democrat, who, unlike Mr. Nunes, has actually seen the intelligence underlying the application. (The response memo reportedly explains, among other things, that investigators did in fact tell the court that the dossier was politically motivated.)
ATLANTA (AP) — The Latest on the threat of severe weather across the Southeast (all times local):
4:35 p.m.
State officials are warning residents in northern Alabama to brace for severe weather Monday evening.
State meteorologist Jim Stefkovich said at an afternoon news conference that the "potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility."
Stefkovich says storms moving into north Alabama will reach the Interstate 20 and Interstate 59 corridor between 7 and 10 p.m. and exit the state south of Interstate 85 and east of Interstate 65 between midnight and 2 a.m. Warnings could extend south to Dothan overnight.
Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabama residents to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. This is the first severe weather to hit the state this year.
___
4:15 p.m.
Forecasters say a late winter storm is expected to bring significant snowfall to parts of West Virginia this week.
The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning or watch for more than half of West Virginia's 55 counties beginning early Tuesday. Snowfall in amounts of 6 inches (15 centimeters) or more are possible.
Some parts of the state are expected to receive a mix of rain, sleet and snow before changing to heavy, wet snow Tuesday night. The weather service says power outages could occur where the heaviest amounts fall.
___
3:55 p.m.
The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch for parts of three Southeastern states and says the region faces a particularly dangerous situation.
The watch covers all of north Alabama including the cities of Birmingham and Huntsville, plus smaller areas in northeastern Mississippi and southern Tennessee. It expires at 11 p.m. CDT.
Forecasters say the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (110 kph).
Forecasters already have reported hail in Mississippi, and they issued a tornado warning for a section of northwestern Alabama.
Temperatures will turn cooler Tuesday after a cold front passes.
___
1:15 p.m.
A strong thunderstorm has begun dropping hail in northern Mississippi as the Southeast braces for a round of storms that threaten to bring strong tornadoes.
In Mississippi on Monday, the National Weather Service reports hail near Ripley, while radar indicates hail fell along a 50-mile (80-kilometer) path from Holly Springs to Booneville. The storm has tracked all the way across the state from west to east, decreasing in severity as it nears Alabama.
Pictures posted to social media showed as many as several inches of pea-sized hail in some places.
Twenty-nine million people face a threat of severe storms that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
___
11:20 a.m.
Forecasters say there's increasing confidence that strong tornadoes could rumble across parts of the South — especially northern Alabama.
In a mid-morning update Monday, the national Storm Prediction Center said the risk appeared increasingly likely for "several tornadic supercells" to traverse northern parts of Alabama.
The region is in the bulls-eye of a larger area under threat of severe weather Monday afternoon that also included parts of Tennessee, Mississippi and Georgia.
Twenty-nine million people faced a threat of severe storms Monday that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
___
8:20 a.m.
Schools are closing early in the southeastern United States because of the threat of severe weather including tornadoes.
More than a dozen school systems in northern Alabama announced they're dismissing students early Monday because of a line of storms forecasters say will move through the area. Scattered early-closings extend into central Tennessee.
Other school systems say they're monitoring conditions and could release students early if conditions warrant. Birmingham city offices are closing at noon because of the threat.
The National Weather Service says thunderstorms will develop ahead of an approaching storm system. They say tornadoes, damaging winds and hail as large as tennis balls are all possible.
___
7:15 a.m.
Twenty-nine million people faced a threat of severe storms Monday that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
The national Storm Prediction Center said large parts of Alabama, Georgia and Tennessee and a small portion of northeast Mississippi would be under a tornado threat Monday afternoon and Monday evening. Forecasters said enhanced risk of severe storms covers Nashville and Chattanooga in Tennessee; and Birmingham, Huntsville and Tuscaloosa in Alabama.
In Alabama, tornadoes, hail the size of tennis balls and 70 mph (110 kph) winds were most likely to occur in parts of central and northern Alabama, including all metro Birmingham.
In Georgia, the highest risk of tornadoes will be in northwest Georgia, including Dalton, Rome and Cartersville.
THE FORMER general manager of a leading Lancashire farmers' cooperative has died in hospital at the age of 92.
Mr Philip John Brind was well known in Preston as general manager of Preston Farmers and also as an active member and past President of Preston South Rotary Club.
Mr Brind, who was married with two daughters and two grandchildren, lived in Penwortham.
He started his career working for Preston Farmers in Lincolnshire and then worked for two other farmers' cooperatives - Northern Farmers in Newcastle and Teeside Farmers in Darlington, before coming to Preston to take up a post as general manager of Preston Farmers in 1966.
The cooperative occupied large sites on New Hall Lane in the city - where the Preston Central Travelodge and Lidl are now situated.
In the 1970s a huge fire destroyed the Preston Farmers' mill where the cooperative prepared livestock feed.
His eldest daughter Mary Brind-Surch recalled: “I just remember a knocking at the door in the middle of the night and people telling him he had got to come.”
He later oversaw the rebuilding of the mill as a state of the art facility.
Mr Brind, who had been suffering from dementia, retired in 1987. He was awarded The Plunkett Award for outstanding contribution to cooperative development in 1994 and the MBE for services to agriculture in 1988.
A member of Penwortham Methodist Church, Mr Brind was a keen fell walker.
He died at the Royal Preston Hospital and leaves his wife Patricia, daughters Mary and Jane and grandchildren Philip and Andrew. The couple were married for 65 years and celebrated their diamond wedding in 2011.
Mary said: “There's nothing more important than your good name - that was his motto. He really tried to live that.”
Jane added: “Although a Londoner by birth he adopted Preston as his home town when he moved here. He was very proud of being a Prestonian and followed the fortunes of Preston North End over the years.”
The funeral will be held at Penwortham Methodist Church, Leyland Road, Penwortham on Friday January 13 at 2.30pm.
09:03 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Jerusalem fire may be intentional murder-suicide Read more
Evidence reveals Sunday's Jerusalem fire to be intentional murder-suicide by the mother. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Unsplash
There are 60 National Parks across America. That's not counting the hundreds of National Monuments, historical sites, battlefields, memorials, trails, and more. When you count all of them together, the number of protected sites that fall under the US National Park system is well over 400. So it's not going to surprise anyone when we say: “There are scores of incredible sites worth exploring, in this nation. From sea to shining sea.”
Still, that point feels worth mentioning again, with summer rapidly approaching. So we thought we'd put together a list of the 12 US National Parks we love that don't get the big ticket acclaim of a Yellowstone or Olympic. These are the parks that are a little more off the beaten path, a little more unique, and 100 percent worth a visit this summer.
Wind Cave National Park, South Dakota
South Dakota is more than motorcycles and Mount Rushmore. The state is a summer vacay wonderland with endless forests for camping, mountains for climbing, rivers for floating, old-timey casinos for a little fun, and saloons for tipping back a cold one.
Wind Cave in South Dakota is a high plains wonderland. It's where the beauty of the open prairie meets the lush wilderness of the Black Hills. The park has major historical significance as the place where the American Bison was saved from extinction (with the help from the Bronx Zoo). The herd that's repopulated almost all of the American bison living today is still there, roaming what's left of the great American frontier.
Summer Vibes: Spacious. SoDak (not a thing) is a land of wide open plains, so get in the mood to have room to explore. This goes double if you're visiting Wind Cave. It's literally where the buffalo roam.
A close aide to John Bercow – who the Speaker once called his “stalwart” – can be revealed as a Labour supporter who has sent a string of abusive anti-Tory tweets. Tom Tweddle has worked as Bercow's assistant since 2011, before which he was a researcher for former Labour minister Quentin Davies. His Gareth Snell-style Tory-bashing is apparent from a brief glance at his Twitter account:
All these comments were made during Tweddle's employment with the Speaker, while he was supposedly helping him in his non-partisan role. Unfortunate timing as Bercow faces questions about his impartiality…
Petaluma's Animal Control officer took a strange call Thursday night and what he found at the other end of that call was extremely unexpected."I wasn't going to tell him there's an alligator in the backyard, because who would believe that," said Karen Davis-Brown of Petaluma, who spotted the four-foot reptile."So he was right here and he was just sitting here with his mouth open and he looked real but it was just too weird," Davis-Brown told ABC7 News. "Quite a few cops showed up wondering if we were crazy people."Animal Control Officer Mark Scott caught the gator with his net. "This is my first. Five years -- first one."After untangling its mouth, Scott duct taped it and put a towel over the animal's eyes to calm it. "It's pretty nimble actually -- I thought it would be slower, but they're pretty fast."It also may have been hungry. "The Browns have a koi pond in their backyard and you can see they have about a half dozen fish and no joke -- the concrete alligator has been in there as well for about 15 years," Scott added.After the Petaluma animal shelter named the creature "Darth Gator" a woman with a reptile rescue came forward. "You have to get a permit from fish and game, and she has one from them that's current," said Scott. "She was in the middle of relocating them to another better facility and it was able to get away.""We lived in Florida for a year and never had an alligator in our backyard in Florida -- but in Petaluma? We have an alligator in our backyard.
The catastrophic humanitarian crisis in Yemen caused by the indiscriminate bombing by Saudi Arabian forces using weapons supplied by its Western masters has just worsened: the cholera epidemic has surpassed one hundred thousand cases, affecting mostly children and the elderly.
As of June 7 2017, there have been 101.820 suspected cases of cholera, occasioning 791 deaths, the most vulnerable being children under fifteen years of age (46 per cent of cases) and the over-60s (33%).
Cholera hotspots
The head of the World Health Organization's office in Yemen, Dr. Nevio Zagaria, is focusing on the so-called cholera hotspots, namely the areas with the highest number of cases. In declarations to the website WHO, he stated "This cholera 'hot spots' are the source of much of the country's cholera transmission. Stamp out cholera in these places and we can slow the spread of the disease and save lives. At the same time, we're continuing to support early and proper treatment for the sick and conducting prevention activities across the country."
The war in Yemen has had a catastrophic effect on the population, with the virtual collapse of the healthcare system. 14.5 million people no longer have regular access to basic sanitation or clean water sources, health and sanitation workers have been unpaid for eight months and medical supplies are not entering the country at a rate which meets needs.
Dr. Meritxell Relano, the Representative of UNICEF in Yemen, says that "The cholera outbreak is making a bad situation for children drastically worse. Many of the children who have died from the disease were also acutely malnourished."
More funding needed
The WHO and UNICEF need more funding to complete their task of bringing clean and sterilized water to thepopulation, restoring water treatment plants and water supply sources, providing support for medical centers, setting up Oral Rehydration Centers and Diarrheal Treatment Centers and to launch public awareness programs. Their efforts are hampered by poor access to areas dur to the conflict.
The symptoms of cholera appear between 12 hours and 5 days after drinking infected water. The majority of people infected with Vibrio cholerae do not develop any symptoms at all although they can pass the infection on to others. Those who do develop symptoms develop severe watery diarrhea and death can follow within hours if the disease is not treated.
Treatment is simple and effective and cholera is easily treatable. Most people react to an Oral Rehydration Solution (ORS), which comes in the form of a sachet dissolved in one liter of water. Patients can need up to six liters of the solution in the first day. If the patients are severely dehydrated and in shock, they may need intravenous fluids (7 liters of intravenous plus ORS for a 70 kilogram adult).
Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey
Pravda.Ru
Twitter: @TimothyBHinchey
timothy.hinchey@gmail.com
*Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey has worked as a correspondent, journalist, deputy editor, editor, chief editor, director, project manager, executive director, partner and owner of printed and online daily, weekly, monthly and yearly publications, TV stations and media groups printed, aired and distributed in Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, East Timor, Guinea-Bissau, Portugal, Mozambique and São Tomé and Principe Isles; the Russian Foreign Ministry publication Dialog and the Cuban Foreign Ministry Official Publications. He has spent the last two decades in humanitarian projects, connecting communities, working to document and catalog disappearing languages, cultures, traditions, working to network with the LGBT communities helping to set up shelters for abused or frightened victims and as Media Partner with UN Women, working to foster the UN Women project to fight against gender violence and to strive for an end to sexism, racism and homophobia. A Vegan, he is also a Media Partner of Humane Society International, fighting for animal rights. He is Director and Chief Editor of the Portuguese version of Pravda.Ru.
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is poised to impose steel and aluminum tariffs on the European Union, and possibly on Canada and Mexico, this week when a temporary exemption expires as trade talks remain at an impasse, according to a person familiar with the White House discussions.
The threat of tariffs was supposed to force trading partners into quickly agreeing to United States concessions, including limiting imports of steel and aluminum and other trade terms that favor American companies and workers. In addition to the metal tariffs, Mr. Trump has threatened to impose levies on imported automobiles, the bulk of which comes from allies like Canada, Mexico, South Korea, Japan and the European Union.
The White House has tried to leverage the tariffs to get Canada and Mexico to agree to its demands on a rewrite of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and it has pressured Europe to make trade concessions on other fronts, including cutting the amount of metals the bloc exports to the United States.
So far, the Trump administration's aggressive approach appears to have only hardened the resolve among the United States' closest allies to fight back against Mr. Trump's demands.
Updated 12:55 a.m. ET Tuesday:
More than 300 people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
The country's national broadcaster announced late Monday that the death toll had risen above 300, and it's expected to go higher.
Sinneh Kamara, a coroner's technician, told The Associated Press that the mortuary at Connaught Hospital was overwhelmed by the number of dead, and bodies had to be spread out on the floor.
Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way: Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," he said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," he says. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," she said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. He adds: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Attorney: Ex-'Glee' star Mark Salling, who had been awaiting sentencing on child porn charges, dies in Los Angeles area.
Housing bosses are to drive home the fire safety message to high-rise residents in Sunderland after the horrific Grenfell Tower disaster.
At least 12 people died when flames tore through the 24-storey block in north Kensington on Tuesday night, leaving people trapped on upper floors - some holding babies out of windows and others jumping from their flats.
Fire tears through the Grenfell Tower (Natalie_Oxford/PA)
Gentoo owns and manages 26 high rise buildings in Sunderland, containing more than 2,000 homes.
Chief executive John Craggs said: “We are deeply saddened and shocked by the tragic news from Grenfell Tower and our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected.
“At Gentoo we are committed to ensuring our customers feel safe in their homes. We are confident we exceed all statutory and regulatory requirements in relation to fire safety and we work jointly with Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service (TWFRS) on what is one of our key priorities.
“From a customer safety perspective, we have a range of safety measures in place, including extensive fire and heat detection measures; 24-hour concierge service which monitors fire alarm activations in individual flats and fire prevention advice in conjunction with TWFRS.
We are deeply saddened and shocked by the tragic news from Grenfell Tower and our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected. John Craggs
“Our local teams will be contacting customers living in high rise buildings across Sunderland over the coming days to reinforce the measures listed above and to confirm our ongoing commitment to keeping them safe.
“As part of our ongoing monitoring and review of fire safety, we carry out fire risk assessments to priority buildings on an annual basis. The most recent assessment was carried out by an external independent specialist, which gave us further assurance on the effectiveness of the measures we have in place.
“To ensure continued compliance, we also have a rigid Permit to Work Policy which prevents unauthorised work from being carried out in these buildings.
“We continue to work in partnership with TWFRS and last year worked together on a number of initiatives, including emergency training exercises for fires in high rise buildings and the installation of a full sprinkler system at our D'arcy Court high rise, which was part of planned modernisation programme.
John Craggs
“In light of recent events, we will of course be reviewing our policies and procedures around fire safety in conjunction with TWFRS.”
Some bodies have been removed from the smouldering remains of Grenfell Tower, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police said: “Sadly I can confirm that there are now 12 people that have died that we know of.
“This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12.”
Steve Apter, director of safety and assurance at London Fire Brigade, said: “I can confirm I have had firefighters manage to get through particularly arduous conditions up to the top floor.”
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people from the building.
Mr Cundy added: “Whilst we may have accessed every floor that is not the same as a full search of the whole building, and as I said while we currently sadly have 12 fatalities, I do believe that figure will rise and sadly I don't anticipate that there will be further survivors.”
Toasted Cheese is happy to announce the winners of the 2017 A Midsummer Tale Narrative Writing Contest.
1st: “The Formula for Skipping Stones” by LS Bassen
2nd: “A Pot of Tea” by Vanessa Levin-Pompetzki
3rd: “I Ask You for a Cigarette” by SK Elliot
Honorable Mention: “Summer of Love” by Gretchen Rose
Congratulations!
First place will receive a $35 Amazon gift card and second place a $10 Amazon gift card. The first, second, and third place stories will appear in the September issue of Toasted Cheese.
Kudos to everyone who entered! We received nearly 50 entries this year and enjoyed reading your creative takes on the theme. We hope you'll join us for A Midsummer Tale again in 2018 and that you'll pass the contest info along to your writing friends! Next summer's theme will be announced April 1, 2018.
Our next contest is the fall Three Cheers and a Tiger writing contest, which runs the weekend of September 22-24.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
A Niagara Falls man whose struggles with addiction and mental health issues should serve as a poster child for how society fails marginalized people, a local lawyer said Monday.
“It's ironic he's here around Christmas,” John Bothwell said of his client Bradley Stirtzinger. “He is the justice system's Jacob Marley. He's here to remind us of what we don't do very well - providing supports for people in the community like Mr. Stirtzinger.”
Jacob Marley is a character from Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. As Ebenezer Scrooge's deceased business partner, he is a ghost who wanders the earth as punishment for his greedy and uncaring attitude towards others.
In an Ontario Court of Justice in St. Catharines on Monday, Bothwell said the 53-year-old defendant is in need of support rather than condemnation.
“Yes, he's a problem in the community,” he conceded to Judge Tory Colvin. “Mr. Stirtzinger is not able to function in our society.”
The Niagar man has a lengthy criminal record.
His latest offences occurred in November and included smashing the glass door of a Chippawa variety store, tossing a rock through a pane of glass in a bus shelter and assaulting a man after being told to leave the Niagara-on-the-Lake campus of Niagara College.
Assistant Crown attorney Timothy Hill had asked the judge to consider a 90-day jail term.
Bothwell argued jail won't help his client and a period of probation would serve no purpose.
Bothwell said Stirtzinger struggles with a number of mental illnesses as well as alcoholism. He said he became addicted to sniffing airplane glue at nine and addicted to alcohol at seven.
Also, it's unlikely the government will ever see any cash to cover the cost of damage he caused since Stirtzinger has no income.
The judge imposed a 45-day term. With credit for time served in pre-trial custody, the defendant must serve a further six days behind bars.
NEW YORK (AP) - Pop star Madonna has lost her battle to prevent an auction of her personal items, including a love letter from her ex-boyfriend, the late rapper Tupac Shakur, a pair of worn panties and a hairbrush containing her hair.
Last year, a judge ordered Gotta Have It! Collectibles to pull the items from its impending rock 'n' roll-themed auction after the Material Girl sought an emergency court order.
In a decision revealed Monday, the judge dismissed the case on grounds the statute of limitations to recover the items had passed.
The auction house told The New York Times it had done due diligence on the items and was confident Madonna had no claim.
The company says the auction will be in July.
Starting bid for the Tupac letter is $100,000.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In his first season running a team and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, the? Los Angeles Rams' Sean McVay won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Coach of the Year award.
Not to be outdone, his players, Todd Gurley II and Aaron Donald, won the Offensive and Defensive Player of the Year awards, respectively -- capping off a remarkable turnaround season for the Rams.
McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, led the Rams to an 11-5 record, a seven-game improvement from the mark they managed the previous season.?
The Rams won their first NFC West title since 2003, and second-year quarterback Jared Goff improved exponentially under McVay's guidance.
McVay ran away with the voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He drew 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer. Doug Marrone of Jacksonville received two votes, while the Super Bowl coaches, Philadelphia's Doug Pederson and New England's Bill Belichick, each got one.
Gurley's 1,305 rushing yards, 13 rushing touchdowns and six TD receptions during the Rams' campaign earned him top offensive honors for the year. The third-year running back was the AP's top offensive rookie in 2015, then had a mediocre second season.
Gurley got 37 votes, which put him far ahead of Pittsburgh receiver Antonio Brown, who received eight votes. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady got four and Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins had one.
Only two other Rams players have ever won the offensive player award -- Eric Dickerson (one) and Marshall Faulk (three).
Donald, Gurley's teammate, became the first pure defensive tackle to win the NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999?
Often the province of outside pass-rushers and backs, Donald broke the trend by earning 23 votes from the 50-member panel.
"Words can't express what I'm feeling right now," Donald said. "Trying to hold back the tears."
Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous tackle to win the award.
"That's one of the best to ever do it, so for my name to be next to that guy's name is beyond a blessing," Donald said. "My dad's been telling me since I was 12 years old working out in my basement trying to work to this point, all the work paid off. You put the body of work in, it's going to pay off for you."
Other tackles to win the award have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defense didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at his position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
Donald enters the final year of his rookie contract. He sat out last summer in hopes of getting a new deal and did not return in time for the season opener.
Defensive end Calais Campbell, in his first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
The Rams become the first team since the 2003 Ravens (Jamal Lewis and Ray Lewis) to have the Offensive and Defensive Player of the Year in the same season.
Saints' Kamara, Lattimore win rookie honors
The future is bright in the Big Easy as New Orleans Saints running back Alvin Kamara and cornerback Marshon Lattimore won the top rookie awards.
In a year featuring outstanding rookie running backs, Kamara,?third-round draft pick from Tennessee, beat another third-rounder, Kansas City's Kareem Hunt, for the Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
Kamara, selected 19 spots ahead of Hunt, received 28 votes to 21 for Hunt. Houston rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson, despite playing in only seven games before a season-ending knee injury, got the other vote.
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South with an 11-5 record. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with 5 touchdowns.
No rookie had more impact on his NFL team this season than Lattimore, who won the 2017 NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender for the Saints?
The Ohio State product had five interceptions and 18 passes defensed in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid.
He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury.?
Lattimore got 45 votes, far ahead of Buffalo CB Tre'Davious White with four and San Francisco LB Reuben Foster with one.
The Saints are the first team to sweep the Offensive and Defensive Rookie of the Year awards since the 1967 Lions with Mel Farr and Lem Barney.
Chargers' Allen named comeback player
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Keenan Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win the 2017 NFL Comeback Player of the Year Award.
Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL.
There were questions about whether Allen would ever play at a high level again. He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and 6 touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
That performance earned him 28 votes. He easily outdistanced Minnesota quarterback Case Keenum, who had eight.
Kuechly honored with sportsmanship award
Carolina Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly has won the 2017 Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
The award recognizes the NFL player who best demonstrates the qualities of outstanding sportsmanship on the playing field, including fair play, respect for opponents and integrity in competition.
The award was founded in 2014 in honor of the late founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Rooney Sr. Kuechly will receive a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of his choice.
Shurmur tabbed top assistant coach
Pat Shurmur heads to his new job as coach of the New York Giants with a prize. For his work as offensive coordinator with the Minnesota Vikings, Shurmur has won the 2017 NFL Assistant Coach of the Year award.
With a backup quarterback, Keenum, and without prized rookie running back Dalvin Cook for most of the year, Shurmur helped Minnesota go 13-3 and win the NFC North with a strong attack.
The Vikings ranked 11th overall in offense, doing so without a true star. Shurmur -- a former head coach at Cleveland -- earned 24? votes, as he outdistanced New Orleans defensive coordinator Dennis Allen, New England DC Matt Patricia, and Los Angeles Rams DC Wade Phillips, who all got four votes.
ESPN's Courtney Cronin, Alden Gonzalez and The Associated Press contributed to this report.?
SOIL preparation is a top priority for Coomberdale farmers Nicola and Russell Crago, as they manage the effects of rain from the beginning of the year. The Cragos, along with their three children Jack, (13), Millie, (11) and Sophie (6), manage and operate Trewin, where they balance their time growing grains and hay and producing prime lambs and cattle. The 2630-hectare farm is spread over two lots with 1214ha at Coomberdale, where the bulk of the Cragos' cropping operation is, as well as their sheep and most of their cattle. They also have a 1418ha sand plain block just west of Watheroo where they predominantly run sheep with some cattle and, depending on the season, sometimes grow crops. The couple has already sprayed for weeds ahead of the 2018 growing season, particularly targeting melons and caltrop but Nicola said the 50 millimetres of rain they received in January will mean further attention to their soil is required. Caltrop was never an issue for the farm until floods in 1999 which covered all of their paddocks and Nicola said it has been a constant battle since. The Coomberdale block has blue clay soils which requires them to regularly spread gypsum and lime on a rotational program, as well as manure from their feedlot. Rather than burning their stubbles, the Cragos plan to incorporate them into the soil with offset discs, which they have found to have significant benefits over the years. “With our neighbours, we really notice the difference when they haven't done deep ripping and we have,” Nicola said. “Putting the stubbles back into the soil has made a big difference and we will continue to do that.” While trying to prepare their soils for seeding, which the Cragos expect to be towards the end of April, they have also focused on the livestock side of their business. Continually buying and selling livestock, the Cragos' sheep program operates with about 1800 to 2000 breeding Merino ewes, which also complement their cropping program.
Nicola said they try to buy as many lambs as possible of any breed – usually about 2000 on top of the lambs they have bred – and finish them off for about 30 days before selling them. They run about 450 head of cattle at any one time, depending on how many they buy and sell and usually process about 1000 to 1200 head each year. Their cattle program operates in a similar way to the sheep in that they buy as many cattle as they can for a good price, again with no preference of breed, then they hold them in the feedlot to sell after about 90 days. “It just depends on if opportunities come up, then we might do a bit more and sometimes a bit less,” Nicola said. “It also depends on the season. When the stations are dry we will run more cattle because they are cheaper and easier to access. “We get calls from all different places and just put them in the feedlot to finish them off. “Our bush block west of Watheroo has Tagasaste so sometimes when we buy smaller cattle we put them there to grow for a few months and then bring them to the feedlot to finish them.” About 10 years ago, the Cragos bred cattle but the couple found it easier to move to the “buy and sell” business model instead. The couple have found that the most effective method to feed their livestock is with a combination of their own hay and bought-in grain. “We grow our own hay and straw which goes into the feedlot, but we generally don't use our own grain as we either buy from CBH or other farmers,” Nicola said. “People around us usually know we want seconds grain and it works well because that way we are using cheap grain instead of our own good grain.” The family has always farmed grain and sheep but the cattle enterprise only developed out of Russell's interest in cattle, which was sparked when he studied at the Muresk Institute. “When he came back from studying, he started feeding cattle on a very small level and then over about the past 20 years, it's gotten bigger and bigger so we have about nine or 10 pens being fed from an outside trough,” Nicola said.
To diversify their income even further, the Cragos also produce and cut hay and straw, as well as doing contract hay work for other farms. Trewin is in its fourth generation as it all began with Russell's great grandparents Edward and Alice Lang, who came from Capel in the early 1900s and started with 160ha. The farm was passed onto Victor and Margery Lang before being handed down to their daughter Valma (Russell's mother) and her husband Percy Crago. Percy immigrated to Australia from England and not having an agricultural background, he learnt the farming ropes from Valma. He caught on quickly and even learnt how to shear so he could supplement their income by shearing neighbours' sheep. Valma has continued to have a large input in the running of the farm and the two have been farming together for about 60 years. Percy and Valma became quite progressive and experimental farmers – traits that they passed onto their own son and daughter-in-law. “We have tried things that haven't worked but it's okay to have a failure as long as we gave it a go in the first place,” Nicola said. For the 2018 season, the couple plan to crop their usual program of barley, wheat, lupins and a little bit of hay at the Watheroo block. Depending on the seasonal conditions, the Cragos hope to grow canola, which hasn't been sown for about 18 years. Their hay production has decreased over the years to allow them to concentrate on their livestock, so now they grow just enough for the feedlot. Nicola said the biggest benefit of mixed farming is being able to spread risk, which is why they have diversified so much over the years. “In a dry year when our crops are not fantastic, we can do very well with the cattle and lambs,” she said. “When it's dry, cattle are also cheaper so we make better money there and when it's a higher rainfall year the cattle might not be so cheap but our crops are better and there's always opportunities with hay. “On a really good year we can do a fair bit of contract hay baling which is another good source of income.
Q. On Android, how do I add caption information to individual pictures I have stored online in a Google Photos album? The text edit tool in the Google Photos Help guide seems to just add a caption on the whole album.
A. You can add a personal caption to individual images in the Google Photos album by tapping the thumbnail of each picture to open it to the full-screen view. When the picture expands, tap the Info button at the bottom; the icon looks like an “i” in a small circle.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story How Do You Use Tech? Advice and tips on the technology changing how you live. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When you are on the picture's Info screen, you should see an “Add a description” line at the top. Tap it to type in your caption information. Tap the Back button when you're done.
You — and others looking at the album online — can see the caption by going to the Info screen, but the information is not embedded in the image file and does not travel along if you share a copy of the picture by email. But you will not see the “Add a description” field on photos that are stored locally on your Android device and have not been uploaded to a Google Photos album.
Along with a new album, Cam'Ron will be gifting us with a full length movie to go with it.
The former Dipset rapper told Noisy that he wanted a movie to correspond with his album instead of taking the traditional route and shooting multiple music videos.
We're gonna put a movie out with the album and keep putting movies after that. So instead of shooting nine, ten, eleven videos what we're doing is writing a script. The plot the movie revolves around is the story of a white woman who rents her guesthouse to a black man, leading to an affair. Kinda ‘once you go black you never you back' type of thing but it's kind of deeper than that.
Cam's movie is inspired by the 2002 film Unfaithful starring Richard Gere and Diane Lane. In the film Lane's character had an affair that ultimately led to scandal.
Cam also discussed his desire to step out of his comfort zone, and flex his acting chops.
The movies that I've done in the past, everybody's been like ‘Cam always gets away in a movie playing Cam. So, like, I'm trying to step outside the box a little bit just to show my range in acting.
The album is slate to be released really soon. In the meantime, here's new music by Cam'Ron.
The only chance people have of surviving a fire in their home is early detection.
Having an escape plan also increases the odds, said Welland Fire and Emergency Services chief Brian Kennedy.
“It's the season to be careful. Every year it seems there's a fire with catastrophic results for families. We want to avoid that throughout the year, particularly during the Christmas season,” the chief said.
He said the top two causes of fires during the holiday season are smoking and cooking.
Smoking accounts for 30 per cent of all home fire deaths during the holidays, and for 1 in 10 fire injuries. Cooking fires account for 19 per cent of all homes fires, and 27 per cent of injuries, according to information from the Office of the Fire Marshal.
Kennedy said a fire on McAlpine Avenue in mid-November that sent one man to hospital with serious injuries was caused by unattended cooking.
“If the resident had gone to bed and fallen asleep, we'd have a totally different end result to that fire.”
Firefighters found there was a non-functional smoke alarm in the home, and at the time Kennedy said charges were pending against the homeowner.
He said if people are cooking, they should stay in the kitchen while doing so and make sure they have properly-fitted lids for whatever they are using. He said in the event of a grease fire, the best thing to do is cover up the pot or pan you are using. Trying to carry a pot or pan could lead to spreading the fire, getting burned or inhaling potentially toxic smoke.
As for the McAlpine Avenue resident not having a functional smoke alarm in his home, Kennedy said at least 50 per cent of the homes the fire service has been in across Welland don't have working smoke alarms or carbon monoxide detectors.
“How many people have to die before people start to put smoke alarms in?” he said.
Kennedy said Port Colborne Fire and Emergency Services chief Tom Cartwright launched an aggressive smoke alarm campaign following a fatal house fire in December of last year.
“They got into a lot of homes and it did a lot of good. Hopefully, it will see some changes in that community. We want to get that same message out to our people.”
The chief said at a minimum, people should check their smoke and carbon monoxide detectors and change the batteries at least once a year.
“Make sure you have the things you need in your home to protect your family. It doesn't cost a lot of money to protect you and your family. It's amazing how many people fluff it off and think, ‘It'll never happen to me,' and then it does happen to them,” said Kennedy.
Welland firefighters do inspect homes every year and have targeted neighbourhoods in the past.
“After a fire, we'll target that area and it's worked out very well. It's increased our ability to get into homes and talk to residents. We talk about fire escape planning and the requirements for smoke and carbon monoxide detectors.”
Smoke alarms are mandatory on every storey of a home and outside all sleeping areas, and any residence with a fuel-fired appliance requires a carbon monoxide alarm outside all sleeping areas or if there is an attached garage. Carbon monoxide alarm are mandatory in all new builds in the province, as well.
Kennedy said the fire service had a call this past Friday where residents heard a strange beeping in their home and called 911. Once on scene, firefighters found there were no working smoke or carbon monoxide detectors.
“It's a culture change we're looking for here. When seatbelts came in it took a long time for people to transition to wearing them. Smoke alarms are no different.”
Residents can have the fire service come check on their smoke and carbon monoxide detectors if they think there is a problem by calling 911 or the business line and asking for the platoon chief.
“If people have nothing, we'll install them,” he said, adding the fire service can lay charges for lack of compliance if needed.
Kennedy said it's frustrating for the firefighters and fire service to see that lack of compliance so high in Welland.
And with fires burning hotter and quicker these days due to building construction and furniture inside homes, it's more important to have working detectors and a fire escape plan, the chief said.
With the holiday season upon us, he said it's also important people make sure they keep natural Christmas trees well-watered and away from any potential ignition sources and not to overload electrical circuits with too many lights. Space heaters, he said, should also be kept away potential ignition sources.
With smoking being a leading cause of fires at this time of year as well, Kennedy said people should have guests smoke outside of homes and if anyone is smoking inside, check the furniture because cigarette butts can smolder for hours.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Buddy was in bad shape six weeks ago.
The 1½-year-old German shepherd was left tied up outside an animal shelter in Brooklyn.
“Our worker found him sort of in a small pool of blood,” said Dr. Robin Brennen of Animal Care Centers of NYC. “Our medical team took a look at him and very quickly realized that he had actually severed off or chewed off his foot and the lower half of his ankle bone.”
Doctors believe he chewed off his foot because there may have been something tied around his leg that cut off his blood supply, leaving his foot to atrophy.
Doctors considered fully amputating his leg, which would have been the easiest and least expensive way to treat Buddy. But the team chose to save his leg and get him fitted for a prosthesis, which they'll try in a few weeks.
Buddy's story of struggle has really captured the hearts of New Yorkers.
“We had a very generous New Yorker step up and offer to pay for the prosthesis and all of the aftercare and rehab,” Brennen said.
That bill will be tens of thousands of dollars, but Buddy has a lot of fans, including Adam Brickner, who will foster him at home.
“He's as friendly as can be,” Brickner said. “Great spirits. It's like he hasn't even missed a step.”
Buddy will be in foster care for about three to four weeks, but he's going to need a forever home. It's going to be a very special family he's looking for.
“This adopter has to understand that there could be a lot of setbacks, and there's even a possibility that he will never accept the prothesis, which might lead to an amputation later on in his life,” Brennan said.
But for now, it's all about resting, healing and finding that forever home.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi governor signs nation's most restrictive abortion law, which bans most abortions after 15 weeks.
MUMBAI, India--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 31, 2018--KKR India Financial Services (“KIFS”), KKR's alternative credit business in India, and Narayan K. Seshadri of Tranzmute Capital & Management (“Tranzmute”) today announced the formation of a partnership to provide business management and transformation services to latent but high-potential businesses in India in addition to restructuring and turnaround services to stressed companies.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005517/en/
The partners primarily look to provide their services to mid-market companies with the aim of enhancing their business strategies, capital structures and organizational and operational capabilities. It will leverage Tranzmute's business model, established by Mr. Seshadri, of helping companies achieve their growth ambitions by aligning economic incentives with the delivery of successful business outcomes. The partnership will adopt an open architecture model servicing third-party businesses as well as select companies within KIFS' credit portfolio.
Mr. Seshadri assumes the role of Managing Partner and will oversee the day-to-day activities of the partnership. Tranzmute's operating management team will additionally be brought in to service companies, and experienced senior professionals will lead long-term transformational projects.
Mr. Seshadri said, “Given the complexities of today's operating environment — which include rapidly changing technologies and increasingly stringent regulations and customer demands — companies often require comprehensive transformational changes to grow and enhance their resilience. My team and I are delighted by the opportunity to work with both KIFS' credit portfolio and other companies across India. This partnership enables us to expand our team, bring in highly talented, experienced professionals with entrepreneurial aspirations, and where possible, work with KIFS to extend innovative financing solutions to businesses. Together, we aim to launch a truly unique partnership that provides holistic solutions to businesses across India.”
BV Krishnan, Member of KKR and CEO of KIFS, said, “We have known and respected Narayan and his team at Tranzmute for years, and we are pleased to elevate our relationship with the launch of this new partnership. KIFS has a market-leading alternative credit financing franchise, and with Narayan and his team, we will have the ability to work with KIFS' portfolio companies to better help them minimize risks and add measurable value. Additionally, today's market presents significant opportunities for business transformation, particularly as mid-market companies look to create robust business models and scale. This partnership is designed to help these companies on an open-architecture basis.”
KIFS and Narayan K. Seshadri expect to launch the partnership in the third quarter of 2018. Further details were not disclosed.
About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, including private equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate and credit, with strategic manager partnerships that manage hedge funds. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns for its fund investors by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation with KKR portfolio companies. KKR invests its own capital alongside the capital it manages for fund investors and provides financing solutions and investment opportunities through its capital markets business. References to KKR's investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds. For additional information about KKR & Co. L.P. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co.
About KKR India Financial Services KKR India Financial Services (“KIFS”) is KKR's alternative credit business in India that provides flexible financing to companies via a unique business model that comprises balance sheet — via a non-bank finance company —alternative asset management, and capital markets. As of May 31, 2018, KIFS has executed over 110 transactions in India worth more than US$5 billion.
About Tranzmute Tranzmute works with businesses with the aim of transforming them into high growth entities creating disproportionate value for all stakeholders. A proprietary business selection process, equity investment, deep and wide managerial interventions and a success based model aligns Tranzmute's interests with all stakeholders enabling rapid transformation and growth of businesses. Deploying strong business managers with deep industry knowledge who focus, inter alia, on cash flows, asset utilisation, management, metric driven performance, substantially improves return on capital to create wealth for all stakeholders.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005517/en/
CONTACT: Media:
KKR Asia Pacific:
Anita Davis, +852 3602 7335
Anita.Davis@KKR.com
or
KKR Americas:
Kristi Huller / Cara Kleiman, +1 212-750-8300
Media@KKR.com
or
Edelman (For KKR India):
Siddharth Panicker, +91-9820-857-522
Siddharth.Panicker@Edelman.com
or
Tranzmute:
Sean Desouza, +91 98207 34869
Sean.Desouza@Tranzmute.com
or
Ashok Rajgopal, +91 98202 14603
Ashok.Rajgopal@Tranzmute.com
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC INDIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: KKR India Financial Services
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/31/2018 04:01 AM/DISC: 05/31/2018 04:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005517/en
The ninth hole is seen during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
ERIN, Wis. (AP) -- One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole - a devilish, downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No. 10. It was initially built to be just for fun and wasn't supposed to count on the official scorecard.
By the end of the U.S. Open, a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way.
The old ninth hole is now No. 8, and the Bye Hole is now No. 9. The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world's most picturesque golf holes - the short, downhill seventh at Pebble Beach.
''We didn't have the ocean, so we put in erosion bunkers,'' said writer/architect Ron Whitten, who helped design Erin Hills.
They also designed a rolling, multi-sectioned green that, in places, is near-impossible to hold, along with a tee box on an exposed, wind-swept hill.
As is the case at Pebble Beach, where the seventh measures 109 yards, on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge. But where No. 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open, No. 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that.
''Honestly, there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be,'' said Garrett Osborn, a onetime regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for his first U.S. Open this year.
No. 9 has been described - and we'll keep it just to the printable things - as the shortest par-5 in golf, the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills (if you miss the green on the first) and, as Alex Noren of Sweden said, ''a hole where there's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there, you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance.''
During his practice round Wednesday, Noren tried to simulate what happens if the shot is not ''super good.''
He randomly dropped a ball in one of the seven bunkers that surround the severely pitched green. He stepped in, leaned down and took a mighty hack. The ball stayed in. He leaned down again and got it out on the second try, then walked to the ball, picked it up, looked at it and threw it toward the stands. The ball had an inch-long gash just above the Callaway logo from his first failed attempt.
Not that avoiding the bunkers guarantees success. The middle of the putting surface pitches severely right and funnels downhill into a tightly mowed collection area that can leave a tricky flop shot for a second.
''Guys are going to get a little upset with that if the ball hits the middle of the green and it rolls all the way off the green and maybe 10 yards down into a chipping area,'' Steve Stricker said. ''I think at some point that may need to get a little softened.''
Rain might do that, but during summer in Wisconsin, rain almost always means wind, too, and picking a club while playing downhill with a helping or crossing wind will be hard.
Osborn said he expects more players than not to end up short of the green, in part because the bunkers that guard the back are tougher - filled with uneven lies, uneven distribution of sand and little dimples of scrub and turf that protrude into the traps themselves.
All part of the plan.
''You could have a side-hill lie, a lie that might be in one of those little fingers where you can't even get the club on the ball,'' Whitten said. ''You might have a lie where you can't take the club back. You might have to turn sideways or turn backward.
''But if you were in the water, it'd be even worse.''
No. 9 offers the most extreme example of the architects' philosophy across the course: Use the natural form of the land to turn bunkers back into hazards.
''They shouldn't be so cushy and consistent and uniform from hole to hole,'' Whitten said.
The bunkering will increase the degree of difficulty on what is already the longest layout in U.S. Open history, at 7,741 yards.
And yet, it's the shortest hole that could give these players the biggest fits.
''Not super long,'' Noren said, ''but it's probably one of the hardest greens I've ever seen.''
MANHATTAN BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--After initially launching in Asia and with an upcoming debut in the United States and Canada, SKECHERS USA, Inc. (NYSE:SKX) is extending its popular anime collaboration to Europe as well with the launch of Skechers X One Piece. The colorful collection unites Toei Animation's popular anime series with Skechers D'Lites, one of the footwear company's original styles.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005239/en/
Skechers launches limited edition One Piece collection in Europe (Photo: Business Wire)
“Pairing the iconic long-running anime series One Piece with one of our top heritage styles resonated with our consumers in South Korea and China who have been driving trends for the past few years,” began Michael Greenberg, president of Skechers. “And now fashion moves at light speed, so as influencers around the world had already been embracing Skechers D'Lites and the chunky sneaker trend, we started to see style purveyors—from Hypebae, Hypebeast, GQ, and High Snobiety —covering Skechers X One Piece collaboration as a must-have fashion style. We've moved fast to share the collaboration with the United States, Canada, and now Europe—one of the largest international markets for Skechers.”
“We're thrilled to partner with an amazing global footwear brand in Skechers to launch this exciting fashion initiative across Europe,” said Ryuji Kochi, President of Toei Animation Europe. “Skechers D'Lites embody an energetic trend that's been taking the world by storm and much like the Straw Hat Pirates in One Piece, our fans are always enthusiastically seeking out the next new adventure in life, so this partnership is a perfect fit. We are confident that the combined merchandising efforts of both Toei Animation and Skechers will bring long-lasting success for this collaboration.”
“The red hot chunky sneaker look has been taking over fashion runways in Europe, creating intense buzz,” added Marvin Bernstein, managing partner of SKECHERS S.à.r.l. “So it's a unique opportunity for us to bring the collaboration of the D'Lites, the originator of the chunky look, and the legendary One Piece series to Europe where we expect it will resonate with stylish consumers across the continent. We're thrilled that this is all happening with Toei Animation, the pioneers of Japanese animation.”
Originally exclusive to the South Korean and China markets, the collection will be imported to Europe in multiple different colorways—each embracing a unique One Piece character: Luffy, Chopper, Sanji, Zoro, Law, and Doflamingo. The footwear will be available beginning July 2018 at Skechers retail stores and select specialty stores in France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Spain/Portugal, United Kingdom, and Central Eastern Europe [Albania, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Kosovo, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, and Slovenia].
Eiichiro Oda's One Piece is the best-selling manga in history with more than 430 million copies worldwide. In 1997, it spawned an acclaimed anime series that has produced 830+ episodes plus 15 movies. Following the adventures of Monkey D. Luffy and his fearless Straw Hat Pirates, fans are taken on a fantastical journey across a world teeming with wonders and imagination. A multi-generational property, it continues to captivate viewers both young and old. The story and its characters have also expanded across other media into film, television, and video/mobile games, as well as a theme park in Japan.
Skechers pioneered the chunky sneaker look two decades ago with the Skechers Energy for men and women as well as the Skechers Stamina for men. The style evolved and the Company introduced Skechers D'Lites—a lighter version of its original style—in 2007. Though the collection has always had a dedicated consumer base, sales accelerated across Asia over the last two years after regional marketing included K-Pop groups. In 2017, the Company relaunched an even lighter update of Skechers D'Lites in celebration of its ten-year anniversary.
About SKECHERS USA, Inc.
SKECHERS USA, Inc., based in Manhattan Beach, California, designs, develops, and markets a diverse range of lifestyle footwear for men, women, and children, as well as performance footwear for men and women. SKECHERS footwear is available in the United States and over 170 countries and territories worldwide via department and specialty stores, 2,651 SKECHERS Company-owned and third-party-owned retail stores, and the Company's e-commerce websites. The Company manages its international business through a network of global distributors, joint venture partners in Asia and the Middle East, and wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, Japan, throughout Europe, and Latin America. For more information, please visit skechers.com and follow us on Facebook (facebook.com/SKECHERS) and Twitter (twitter.com/SKECHERSUSA).
About Toei Animation Europe
Founded in 1956 in Tokyo, Toei Animation ranks amongst the world's most prolific animation production studios. The company's operations include animation development and production, and worldwide marketing and program licensing with sales offices in Los Angeles, Hong Kong, and Paris. Toei Animation Europe is managing the distribution and exploitation of Toei Animation's animated series in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. Among its most famous titles: Dragon Ball, One Piece, Saint Seiya, Sailor Moon, Digimon, Mazinger Z, Space Pirate Captain Harlock, and Captain Future. www.toei-animation.com
This announcement contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, Skechers' future domestic and international growth, financial results and operations including expected net sales and earnings, its development of new products, future demand for its products, its planned domestic and international expansion, opening of new stores and additional expenditures, and advertising and marketing initiatives. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking language such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will result,” “could,” “may,” “might,” or any variations of such words with similar meanings. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include international economic, political and market conditions including the challenging consumer retail markets in the United States; sustaining, managing and forecasting costs and proper inventory levels; losing any significant customers; decreased demand by industry retailers and cancellation of order commitments due to the lack of popularity of particular designs and/or categories of products; maintaining brand image and intense competition among sellers of footwear for consumers, especially in the highly competitive performance footwear market; anticipating, identifying, interpreting or forecasting changes in fashion trends, consumer demand for the products and the various market factors described above; sales levels during the spring, back-to-school and holiday selling seasons; and other factors referenced or incorporated by reference in Skechers' annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. The risks included here are not exhaustive. Skechers operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time and the companies cannot predict all such risk factors, nor can the companies assess the impact of all such risk factors on their respective businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Moreover, reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005239/en/
CONTACT: Media Contact:
SKECHERS CORPORATE
Jennifer Clay, (310) 937-1326
jennc@skechers.com
or
SKECHERS UK/IRELAND
Will Cheung, +441707655955
willch@eu.skechers.com
or
SKECHERS CENTRAL EASTERN EUROPE
Gordana Dulic, +36 30 749 1258
gordanad@eu.skechers.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT LICENSING (ENTERTAINMENT) TV AND RADIO FILM & MOTION PICTURES GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT CHILDREN RETAIL FASHION OTHER RETAIL CONSUMER FAMILY MEN
SOURCE: SKECHERS USA, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 03:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 03:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005239/en
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
BURLINGTON, Vt. (AP) — More than 450 people enjoyed the fun and free food at an annual holiday party thrown by a 100-year-old Vermont resident.
Anthony Pomerleau says he pays for the entire party each year in Burlington, with this year's bill costing around $13,000. He tells WPTZ-TV he doesn't mind the cost because he "was brought up the hard way" and wants to help the less fortunate with his money.
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders helped kick off the first party 37 years ago when Pomerleau asked the independent senator, then mayor of Burlington, if he could throw a holiday dinner. Pomerleau says the party has fed at least 40,000 under-privileged children.
The centenarian also remarked on his age, saying "first of all, I'm 100 years old! Feels pretty good to be here."
___
Information from: WPTZ-TV, http://www.thechamplainchannel.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.
The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Though it assesses the overall economy, the Fed's mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2 percent target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultra-low borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion. The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairman's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more "hawkish" stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, "doves" favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether he plans to nominate her for a second term.
CLEVELAND – All of the Dodgers' concern and creativity could not totally protect 20-year-old left-hander Julio Urias from the dangers of throwing a baseball for a living.
Urias was placed on the disabled list by Triple-A Oklahoma City after complaining of shoulder discomfort during his most recent start for the OKC Dodgers. Urias is traveling back to Southern California to undergo an MRI and be examined by Dr. Neal ElAttrache.
Dodgers president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman said the issue “seems minor” but the team is reserving judgment until ElAttrache examines Urias.
Related Articles Dodgers' Yasiel Puig suspended one game, fined for obscene gesture “When he talks about his shoulder being sore, there's obviously some inflammation in there so we want to do our due diligence,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “It's a concern whenever you're talking about a pitcher's arm, especially the shoulder. But I think the communication with Julio – we got ahead of it. Hopefully it's just inflammation and time will allow it to dissipate. But, yeah, when you're talking about the elbow or the shoulder, I think there's always a pause.”
What was anticipated to be Urias' first full season in the major leagues has instead been characterized by interruptions – planned and unplanned – from the start.
The young left-hander was set back during spring training by a bout with strep throat. The Dodgers delayed his first major-league start until April 27 in an attempt to limit his workload this season.
Urias struggled with his command and was demoted to Triple-A after going 0-2 with a 5.40 ERA, 1.59 WHIP and more walks (14) than strikeouts (11) in five starts with the Dodgers. At the time, Friedman said Urias had “clear delivery stuff” causing his difficulties and expressed confidence Urias could solve those issues working with OKC pitching coach Matt Herges in consultation with Dodgers pitching coach Rick Honeycutt.
“Honey feels there's clear-cut reasons for it in his delivery and a few things that got out of whack from where he was last year,” Friedman said. “We're not trying to do some overhaul. We're just trying to get him back to where he was. So we're extremely optimistic he'll go down, get out of the more pressure-filled environment (of the big leagues), get his delivery back in order and he'll be back up to help us win games.”
Urias seemed to be addressing those issues in his first three starts back with the OKC Dodgers. Urias had a 3.12 ERA with 17 strikeouts and six walks in 17-1/3 innings since his demotion but began feeling the pain in his shoulder during his start on Saturday.
FAMILY PLAN
Dodgers rookie Cody Bellinger's younger brother, Cole, was drafted in the 15th round by the San Diego Padres. While Cody is making his mark as a left-handed slugger, the younger Bellinger is a right-handed pitcher who helped his Chandler, Ariz., high school win a state title this year.
Four years separate the two brothers in age but they did face each other in the Hamilton High alumni game two years ago. Cole recalled throwing a first-pitch fastball. Cody lined it for a single.
“That'd be awesome,” Cody said of the possibility of facing his brother in the majors one day. “But it's a long road. Obviously our family knows that. I'm excited for him to start.”
Their father, Clay, spent 10 years in the minors before making it to the New York Yankees in 1999. His big-league career lasted only 183 games with the Yankees and Angels over parts of four seasons.
The Padres' current director of pro scouting, Logan White, was the Dodgers' scouting director when they drafted Cody Bellinger in the fourth round four years ago. White's son, Logan Jr., played with the Bellingers as far back as Little League in Arizona. Logan White Jr., a catcher, was drafted by the Dodgers in the 39th round Wednesday.
ALSO
Right-hander Sergio Romo was scheduled to begin a rehab assignment with Class-A Rancho Cucamonga on Wednesday night. Romo is currently on the DL with a left ankle sprain.
The draft concluded Wednesday. In 40 rounds, the Dodgers took 22 pitchers (18 right-handers, four left-handers), eight outfielders, eight infielders and two catchers. Thirty-five were college players.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — A senior Palestinian official has lashed out at President Donald Trump, saying "real estate men" can't resolve the Middle East conflict.
Tuesday's remarks by Saeb Erekat, a veteran peace negotiator, came as the White House is expected to unveil a long-awaited peace plan.
Erekat says the White House "should be run by great men, not real estate men," and that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict "won't be solved by the tools of real estate men."
Erekat also said the Palestinian Authority will continue its payments to the families of jailed or slain Palestinian militants, after Israel passed a law this week withholding millions in taxes it collects for the Palestinians which are allocated for that purpose.
The Israeli move deepened a budget crunch for the Palestinians, already hit by U.S. aid cuts.
EL PASO, Texas (AP) — West Texas police have added new charges against the mother of a 4-year-old boy found in February in an abandoned warehouse in Mexico.
Ruby Esmeralda Gonzalez already had been charged with child abandonment and endangerment. Now, police have added charges of intentional injury to a child and filing a false report against the 25-year-old El Paso woman.
Gonzalez initially reported her son had been kidnapped. Investigators now believe Gonzalez took the boy, identified as American, to Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, on Feb. 22. They say she left him at an old warehouse and then she returned home. Mexican officials who found the boy say he speaks and understands English.
Online records don't list an attorney for Gonzalez, whose bond amounts total $120,000.
The child remains in Mexican social services custody.
Warner Bros./MGM
Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 roars into theaters on May 5th, and between the early reviews and residual hype from the totally rad first installment, it's safe to say that people are hyped. As with most Marvel projects, details have been relatively sparse, aside from the reveal of Kurt Russell's role in the full trailer. While it was announced that Sylvester Stallone would appear in the film, fans were given very little to fuel their theories. However, some production notes from Marvel appear to have leaked on Twitter, perhaps giving comic book enthusiasts a little bit to go on.
While these leaks are being reported by Comicbook.com, as with all rumors of this kind, take it all with an enormous grain of salt. However, if these notes are to be believed, Stallone will be going head to head with Michael Rooker's Yondu.
“A lifelong respected Ravager, Stakar isn't fond of Yondu. Sylvester Stallone offers the character's backstory: ‘Stakar had banished Yondu many years earlier for doing something wrong and he finally sees him almost twenty years later at this particular establishment called the Iron Lotus where all of the Ravagers go to blow off steam. And then we have a confrontation which is pretty intense and it's kind of a father/son type of thing and now he's going to have to pay the piper. His karma has come back ten-fold.'”
For those unfamiliar with the source material, Stakar is better known as Starhawk, an anti-hero featured in the Earth-691 timeline who helped form the Guardians in the 31st century. He is forced to relive his life over and over again countless times, manipulating history to get better outcomes and earning the title “One Who Knows.”
The most important question that remains unanswered, though, is if we'll get a Tango & Cash reunion onscreen.
Warner Brothers
(Via Comicbook.com)
CHISINAU, Moldova (AP) — Moldova's intelligence agency says it has broken up a suspected extremist Islamic group that was spreading propaganda online and whose members had illegal weapons.
The Intelligence and Security Service said Wednesday that agents had searched the homes of a number of Moldovan citizens in the northeastern town of Soroca, and found pistols, semi-automatic rifles and other weapons.
It says members are accused of "propagating radical Islamic ideology," on social media and elsewhere and illegally possessing firearms.
The agency did not provide details about the number of suspects or whether they had been detained.
If found guilty, suspects face up to seven years in prison.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana is in critical condition after he was was shot Wednesday morning at a congressional baseball practice, according to the MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
RELATED: GOP baseball shooting: Rep. Scalise among victims in 'critical' condition
The hospital released an update on Scalise's condition around 8:15 p.m. The statement reads:
Congressman Steve Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip. The bullet traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding. He was transported in shock to MedStar Washington Hospital Center, a Level I Trauma Center. He underwent immediate surgery, and an additional procedure to stop bleeding. He has received multiple units of blood transfusion. His condition is critical, and he will require additional operations. We will provide periodic updates.
According to a statement released by Scalise's office, the congressman was taken to MedStar Washington Hospital Center and underwent surgery. The statement added he was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone prior to surgery. CBS News reported shortly before 10 a.m. that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Scalise was out of surgery.
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala., said several other people also were hit, including two law enforcement officers. The shooter is identified as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois.
Videos claiming to be recorded during the shooting have started to appear online. WARNING: CONTENT MAY BE DISTURBING TO VIEWERS AND IT HAS NOT BEEN EDITED FOR LANGUAGE.
Scalise represents the state's 1st Congressional District, which includes Jefferson, Lafourche, Orleans, Plaquemines, St. Bernard, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa and Terrebonne parishes.
Gov. John Bel Edwards joined members of the Louisiana Legislature and the public in a prayer for Congressman Scalise in the Louisiana State Capitol Rotunda. The governor also spoke during the gathering.
RELATED: Statements from government officials regarding congressional baseball practice shooting
The Alexandria Police Department reported five people were taken to the hospital for treatment. Officials said the investigation is ongoing, but the city is safe.
Police Chief Michael Brown said the shooting happened just after 7 a.m. He added the FBI will be taking over the investigation. A spokesman with the FBI said it is too early in the investigation to say if this was an act of terrorism or whether members of Congress were being directly targeted in the shooting.
The team roster shows Scalise was the only member of the Louisiana congressional delegation at the practice.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press and WAFB. All rights reserved.
My ex-husband and I separated just over a year ago. I told him I want to get divorced and he has been very difficult.
He has been having regular contact with our eight-year-old daughter every Wednesday.
I am now very concerned because my daughter has told me that she is going to Germany to live with her father.
My ex-husband was abusive to me throughout the relationship and would often tell me he would take my little girl to Germany to live.
He is from Germany and his parents still live there, so I am very scared of what he will do.
He is refusing to speak to me about this but I know he has a flight booked at least for himself at the end of the month.
What can I do to stop him taking her abroad? If I get a divorce quickly does this mean he will lose the right to take her abroad?
Firstly, if you have a real concern that your ex-husband will remove the child from the country, I would urge you to seek legal advice as it is important you take steps to prevent this happening.
Unfortunately a divorce will not be granted before the end of the month. The average time for the court to grant a divorce is six months, provided he is in agreement, from the issuing of the petition.
Therefore the divorce will not be given before he is planning on going to Germany.
More importantly, the divorce does not automatically take away his parental responsibility and you would both still have a say in what happens with your child.
However, removing a child from the country is a very serious matter. To prevent this happening you can make an urgent application to the court for a Prohibited Steps Order.
This would be without notice being given to your ex-husband and would prevent removal from the Jurisdiction of England and Wales.
Attached to this Order would be a Penal Notice.
This means that if he was to breach the Order and try to remove your child from the country, he would be committing a criminal offence and would be arrested.
He could then be faced with a fine or potentially a prison sentence.
Legal Aid is available for this type of case provided that you meet the requirements with your financial income and that the threat is to take your child abroad.
I would urge you to seek legal advice from a solicitor with experience in this area.
Ben Hoare Bell LLP has several specialist Family Solicitors who can advise you on issues such as childcare and child abduction. To speak to a Solicitor please phone 0191 565 3112 or email advice@benhoarebell.co.uk For more information please visit www.benhoarebell.co.uk
Orange County has been sued for the second time in four days over allegations that it broke the law when it recently cleared out portions of a homeless encampment along the riverbed in Orange to make room to stockpile boulders and sand for flood control purposes.
The federal lawsuit, filed Monday on behalf of several homeless people, alleges that during the county's actions last week and in recent months, workers destroyed some property belonging to homeless people and moved other items to a remote Lake Forest location that made it nearly impossible for the people to retrieve their things.
Some of the allegations directly contradict the county's account of how it acted in relocating the homeless. County spokeswoman Carrie Braun said that all homeless people who moved last week agreed to the relocation, that public employees helped them sort through their belongings to separate valued property from trash, and that the workers later helped them move their items. Braun said the homeless were also referred to local shelters and linked with other county services.
Monday's lawsuit comes only days after the ACLU filed its own federal lawsuit, requesting a temporary restraining order against county officials, alleging that fences they erected or patched as part of the project have “imprisoned” people in the riverbed. The county has denied that accusation, saying it has provided four access points along the project area. The ACLU's motion will be heard in court Thursday.
Nick Mastrisciano, who suffers from a traumatic brain injury, was one of five homeless people to sue the county in the most recent lawsuit. According to the complaint, on Feb. 8, he was given one hour to remove his property, but his disability made it difficult to relocate in that amount of time, causing him to lose his driver's license, telephone, blankets, sleeping bag, clothes, important paperwork and other belongings.
While the lawsuit claims that some of Mastrisciano's property was thrown away, it claims that other items likely were transported to a Lake Forest facility where the homeless were told they could retrieve their belongings.
But Attorney Brooke Weitzman, of the Elder Law and Disability Rights Center, who filed the suit on behalf of Mastrisciano and others, said the county has made it exceedingly difficult for homeless people to reclaim their stuff.
“The person needs to have a charged cell phone, they need to call and make an appointment for the one hour it's open, they need to get to Lake Forest which is (a long distance) away, and once there, they need to identify their stuff, for which they were given no individual receipt,” Weitzman said. “That's all tough for people who often have significant and multiple disabilities.”
Braun said the county has stored homeless people's belongings it collected in the Lake Forest facility even before the riverbed public works project, and that county staff are discussing alternate processes.
In April, a federal judge ordered Los Angeles police and other employees to stop seizing and destroying homeless people's property without providing sufficient notice. The city eventually settled that lawsuit for $822,000. But in that case, public employees had not given homeless people the opportunity to sort through their property.
Monday's lawsuit against Orange County requests a temporary restraining order, seeks preliminary and permanent injunctions to prevent the county from seizing or destroying property, and asks for monetary damages and that homeless people's discarded belongings be replaced.
Contact the writer: jgraham@scng.com or 714-796-7960
BANJUL, Gambia (AP) — I stood with three friends on a beach littered with dead fish, cigarette butts, the leavings of lunch and empty soda cans. We were in Banjul, Gambia, and about to set off on an adventure to Jinack Island.
Our pirogue — a large dugout with a muscular motor — awaited us just offshore, bobbing in the Gambia River with a herd of other colorful boats filled with furniture, groceries and people.
There was no way we would walk through the mucky beach and water to get to our ride. Clearly, our much-anticipated day excursion to an island paradise was ruined.
Suddenly, I was airborne and moving through the water. I let out a gasp and realized I was on the shoulders of a 20-something, bare-chested man, who had, without a word, bent down and lifted me in one fluid move. He swished through the waist-deep river, my shoes never getting wet. As we neared the boat, the water rose to his chest and he gently placed me in the pirogue. I turned to see my friends, Shelley Clark and Barbara Ligeti, on the shoulders of two other men. Shelley's aunt, Alice Taylor, was cradled in the arms of another.
Gambia is a nugget of land surrounded by Senegal on three sides and the Atlantic Ocean on the other. The Gambia River runs through it. Banjul, its capital and major port, was the sixth stop on our monthlong cruise of West Africa aboard The Marina, an Oceania ship, with around 900 other passengers.
We booked early, in April for a Nov. 3-Dec. 3 vacation, and got a discount rate for verandah suites, which you need on a long voyage. Cost of cruise: around $10,000, including $400 for visas. I found a good business-class fare to our departure city of Lisbon and home from our last port, Cape Town. Oceania offered discounted airfares for coach. This December, Oceania offers a 30-day Africa voyage, Dubai to Cape Town with stops in Kenya, Mozambique and Tanzania, starting at $8,000. Cruise lines visiting Gambia in 2018 include Holland America, Silversea and Regent.
Our rooms were beautifully appointed with amenities that included Bulgari bath and beauty products; two bottles of Champagne awaited us in the cabin. The ship had 2,000 artworks hand-picked by Oceania founder Frank Del Rio (an audio tour is available), nine restaurants featuring just about every cuisine, and various bars, boutiques, a casino, music areas, a theater. Oceania prides itself on fine dining and upscale menus. Jacques Pepin is the line's consultant and the food does not disappoint.
The trip was amazing, informative, fun and adventurous. It was also deeply emotional at times as we viewed the devastation and horrors of the slave trade and European colonialism.
The cruise traced the Portuguese exploration and enslavement of West Africa, with stops in countries colonized by other European powers. (Gambia was colonized by Great Britain.) The melodic Portuguese language is still spoken in certain regions and remnants of Portuguese culture are everywhere, including cuisine.
From Lisbon, we went to Madeira, Portugal, the Canary Islands (La Palma and Tenerife), Cape Verde, Senegal, Gambia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Sao Tome, Angola, Namibia and South Africa. We stayed in Cape Town a few days, rented a car and went on safari for a couple days along the Garden Route.
Although Europeans flock to Gambia's pretty beaches during winter's chill, few Americans give it much thought. It is one of Africa's poorest countries.
Shore excursions booked through cruise lines can be pricey. On The Marina, tours ran over $300 apiece. We booked our tours online with local vendors; all cost well under $100. Not only did we get what amounted to private tours, but we got to do and see more than those on ship tours. We also had friends in some cities who gave us their cars and drivers for the day.
The Gambia tour was around $40 and advertised a boat ride on the river, day at Kayira Beach Resort run by a British couple, Penny and Paul Westhead, a visit with school kids who would perform for us, a ride on a donkey cart, a beach barbecue and swimming.
The Westheads greeted us with icy bottles of local beer. Nowhere in sight, though, was the resort we expected. Instead, a concrete main house and a couple huts used as guest quarters hunkered among the trees. The Westheads said they had suffered beach erosion and run out of funds to finish their hotel. The plucky pair pressed on and was preparing for a group of Dutch tourists at the Christmas holiday.
We could have dissolved into a huge funk. Instead, we looked at one another and laughed. It was an adventure. Besides, the Westheads were a hoot and very entertaining.
Clark and I swam in the clear, warm water, while Taylor sipped a beer from the shade of a tree. Ligeti set off through the bush to deliver school supplies we had brought with us from New York.
The Westheads' chef, a talented young woman who had changed into her fanciest dress for the occasion, made a spicy beef and vegetable stew, and perfectly cooked jasmine rice.
Jinack Island was not what we expected but it was a fun day. We learned about a country we did not know. We swam in the Gambia River, made some school kids happy and rode on the shoulders of robust young men.
____
More on cruise trends and issues in AP Travel's "Get Outta Here!" podcast: https://apnews.com/afs:Content:1762250007
OCVarsity will be the place to find the scores and news updates from tonight's Orange County high school football games.
We'll be collecting the tweets from our reporters and others and updating them here on our live updates page.
VIDEO: Preview of the Game of the Week:
Orange Lutheran vs. St. John Bosco
Family-based immigration and the economy
The issue of immigration reform may have been swept from the headlines in the past couple weeks, but it hasn't left the minds of many immigrants.
Local immigration attorneys say they've been getting worried calls from clients ever since the President proposed eliminating some categories of family-based visas.
“Most immigration attorneys would tell you that they are seeing a trend of people worried,” said immigration lawyer Melissa Gawelek, “especially people who are living thousands of miles away from their loved ones.”
'Grandma and Grandpa probably aren't paying enough in taxes to cover their consumption of public services.'
Merit system
During his State of the Union speech, Trump called for an end to a decades-old federal law that allows U.S. citizens to sponsor their relatives and siblings for a green card—a system that Trump and many Republicans have referred to as “chain migration,” while many Democrats are calling it “family reunification.”
In addition to curbing family-based immigration, Trump advocated shifting visa criteria towards a points-based “merit” system that would, among other factors, favor foreign nationals with advanced degrees and English proficiency.
Trump says the changes would be good for the most vulnerable American workers and boost the economy—but how exactly does family-based immigration impact the economy?
Arturo Luna, 42, has lived in Greater Cleveland for almost half his life, but he grew up in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. Ask him how he ended up here, he'll tell you, “It's a long story. A love story.”
Love story
Luna met his wife while she was vacationing in Puerto Vallarta. And in 1999, he moved to Cleveland to be with her. A few years later, they had a son. At the time, Luna said, it was a struggle to make ends meet. He was working as a busboy at a local Cheesecake Factory.
“Working hard at night, and the next day I had to take care of my son,” he said. “I go shopping, and whatever I make one day before, I spend the whole thing diapers, formula, food for the kid. I was like, ‘Oh my god.'”
'If we want our economy to be dynamic, we need immigrants.'
But soon, he and his wife would get some help. Luna sponsored his mom for a green card. She moved in with them, and Luna said that changed everything. With his mom taking care of his son during the day, he and his wife could both work. And in 2012, with the money he saved, he bought a 1988 GMC van and an industrial steam cleaner.
Contributing to the economy
Today, Luna runs his own business, Avenger Carpet Cleaning (the name came from his son, who'd just seen the Marvel flick). He also has three native-born employees.
Many immigration researchers say stories like Luna's illustrate how family-immigration benefits not just immigrants and their families, but the larger economy.
“Immigrants sponsor their parents for immigration sometimes to help them with their child care,” said Julia Gelatt, a senior policy analyst at the Migration Policy Institute in Washington, D.C., “and that can help the immigrants stay attached to the labor market or perhaps work more hours or be more committed to their careers.”
'If we don't care of them, no one will take care of them.'
Of the immigrants who came to the U.S. through family sponsorship in 2016, about a third were either parents or siblings, according to the Congressional Research Service.
Eliminating those categories would likely result in a slight short-term increase in per capita GDP, according to an analysis by the Wharton Budget Model (the analysis focuses on a Senate bill, the RAISE Act, upon which Trump's immigration proposal is based). However, the policy would also result in 1.3 million fewer jobs over the next decade and a long-run decrease per capita GDP.
It's estimated that Trump's proposal would also cut the million legal immigrants arriving in the U.S. each year in half.
Winners and losers
That might not be such a bad thing, said Steven Camarota, director of research for the Center for Immigration Studies, a Washington-area think tank wants to reduce all immigration. Immigration policy, he said, produces winners and losers.
“The parents coming in would be helpful to the individual immigrant,” Camarota said, “but Grandma and Grandpa probably aren't paying enough in taxes to cover their consumption of public services, like most older retired people who don't work much.”
The other cost of family immigration, Camarota said, is that because family visas don't discriminate based on a person's level of education or training, family visa holders may be more likely to be ‘low-skilled,' and thus compete with some low-skilled native-born workers for the same jobs.
The effect on native workers
Researchers tend to agree that immigration in general may have a slightly negative effect on the wages of the least educated native-born workers.
The extent to which people who come to the U.S. on family visas compete with low-skilled workers or use taxpayer-funded services is unclear, however. That's because, according Gelatt, there isn't much government data that focuses specifically on that population.
For that reason, many assertions about the effects of family immigration tend to be based on assumptions about the skills and education held by family-sponsored immigrants.
“Do I think the poor labor market for situation for these folks is a serious and profound social problem? You bet,” Camarota said. “Do I think immigration is contributing to that problem? I do.”
But others say a policy that reduces legal immigration would probably hurt Americans more than it would help.
“If we want our economy to be dynamic, we need immigrants,” said Jim Russell, a research consultant with the Center for Population Dynamics at Cleveland State University.
Cities like Cleveland are struggling to attract residents, he said. At the same time, immigrants are helping to fill gaps in the region's labor market, not just in low-skill jobs in the service and agriculture sectors, but also in high-skill professions like engineering and medicine. If those folks can't someday bring their parents or siblings, Russell said, they may be deterred from moving here.
“The signal you're sending to the rest of the world is one that will reach highly skilled people as well,” he said. “And they will see the United States as intolerant and instead of going to Cleveland, they'll go to Toronto, or they'll go to Sydney.”
Or professionals, like attorney Su He, may decide to leave.
Ms. He moved here from China about a decade ago to attend law school at Case Western Reserve University. Along the way, she met her husband, a scientist. And last year she hung up a shingle, her own immigration law practice. She said, she and her husband have plans to put down roots in Cleveland, become citizens, and one day, sponsor their aging parents to come live here.
“When I get older, my parents get older,” she said, “and because me and my husband, we're both the only child in the family, if we don't care of them, no one will take care of them.”
But those plans could change if President Trump were to get his way. Ms. He said if she and her husband can't bring their parents here, they'd have no choice but to move back to China.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Sunday questioned the impartiality of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation and raised doubts about whether a fired top FBI official kept personal memos outlining his interactions with Trump.
Trump, in a series of tweets, elevated his simmering grievances to a boil against Mueller, whose team is examining Trump campaign ties to Russia and possible obstruction of justice; onetime FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe, who was dismissed Friday by the attorney general; and former FBI Director James Comey, ousted last year by Trump.
The president's Twitter barbs follow closely on the call by Trump's personal lawyer for the Trump-appointed No. 2 Justice Department official overseeing Mueller's inquiry to “bring an end” to that investigation. And Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee said this past week that they had completed a draft report concluding, after a yearlong investigation, that there was no collusion or coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia; committee Democrats vehemently disagreed.
Trump asserted that Mueller's team of investigators has a large number of “hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? … does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!”
It is true that some Mueller investigators have contributed to Democratic political candidates, including Trump's 2016 opponent, Hillary Clinton. But Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation, and experts say there is no rule barring such donations.
Mueller, a Republican himself, was appointed FBI director by a GOP president, George W. Bush. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, an ex-U.S. attorney under Bush and Democratic President Barack Obama, was named to the Justice Department post by Trump and put in charge of Mueller's investigation by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a former Republican senator tapped by Trump for his Cabinet. Sessions stepped aside from overseeing the investigation after the Justice Department acknowledged he had spoken twice with the Russian ambassador in 2016 and had failed to disclose the contacts during his Senate confirmation process.
Trump may have felt more emboldened when Sessions, acting on the recommendation of FBI disciplinary officials, sacked McCabe on Friday, two days before McCabe's retirement date. “A great day for Democracy,” Trump tweeted afterward and asserted without elaboration that McCabe, whom the president has long scorned, knew “all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels off the FBI!”
The Associated Press later reported that McCabe kept personal memos detailing interactions with the president that have been provided to Mueller's office and are similar to notes compiled by Comey.
A skeptical Trump tweeted: “Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don't believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?”
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don't believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
It wouldn't be unusual for a senior official to make notes soon after meeting with the president.
McCabe's memos include details of his interactions with the president, according to a person with direct knowledge of the situation who wasn't authorized to discuss the notes publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity. The memos also recount different conversations he had with Comey, who kept notes on meetings with Trump that unnerved him.
Comey was a target Sunday when Trump claimed that Comey lied under oath at a Senate hearing in 2017, shortly before his firing, when he said he had never been an anonymous source. Comey, who is releasing a book next month, tweeted on Saturday in response to McCabe's firing: “Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not.”
By AIJAZ HUSSAIN
Associated Press
NEW DELHI (AP) - India's government says it has asked WhatsApp to take "immediate action" to prevent the social media platform from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks in the country.
At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in several Indian states by attacking mobs that had been inflamed by social media. Victims were accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. The brutal attacks, which began in early May, have also left dozens of people injured.
Although Indian authorities have clarified that there was no truth to the rumors and the targeted people were innocent, the deadly and brutal attacks, often captured on cellphones and shared on social media, have spread across the country.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday that the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on the preventative measures it expected to be taken by WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook.
"While the law and order machinery is taking steps to apprehend the culprits, the abuse of platforms like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content are equally a matter of deep concern," the ministry said.
The ministry said WhatsApp "cannot evade accountability and responsibility."
"The government has also conveyed in no uncertain terms that WhatsApp must take immediate action to end this menace and ensure that their platform is not used for such malafide activities," the statement said. "Deep disapproval of such developments has been conveyed to the senior management of the WhatsApp and they have been advised that necessary remedial measures should be taken to prevent proliferation of these fake and at times motivated/sensational messages."
WhatsApp said in a blog post that it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform.
"We will seriously consider proposals from any social science and technological perspective that propose projects that enrich our understanding of the problem of misinformation on WhatsApp," the post said.
The Indian Express, an English-language daily newspaper, quoted a WhatsApp spokesman as saying, "The situation is a public health problem which will require solutions from outside the company as well, including the government."
The official said that the "responsibility is beyond any one technology company" and "requires partners," according to the paper.
"I think it's up to the Indian government to decide what is the right mechanism to address the spate of killing that is occurring. It is going to have to be a collaboration," the official said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The 16-second video starts with the girls showing their moves, twerking effortlessly, and one might argue, like professionals but what happens next is more interesting. They get caught!
A video of a mother chasing her daughters after catching them twerking is breaking the internet. The video has been widely circulated on WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook and the people are responding quite hilariously on the social media sites.
The 16-second video starts with the girls showing their moves, twerking effortlessly, and one might argue, like professionals but what happens next is more interesting. They get caught! and it's none other than their own mother. The mum, without wasting a second, removes her slipper and smacks the 2 girls. She chases them to give them some more of it but the girls are smart enough to run away.
According to reports, the 2 girls are believed to be of Spanish descent and the older woman seen in the video is their mother. The expression on the mother's face after catching her daughters twerking is something not to be missed.
The video has already got more than 18k views in less than 24 hours. People are loving the video with some appreciating the mother for smacking the daughters. One netizen wrote, “Straight for the kill! Good job mom! while the other wrote, LOL…mother gave them treatment inspired from real life.
The source who uploaded the video is not clear, many are wondering if it's the daughters themselves that have shared this video.
Previously, a video of Indian bride smacking a relative during varmala ceremony got viral all over the social media. Once the bride and groom are done by putting the garlands in each other's neck, the bride turned around and gave a tight slap to the relative who picked her up during the ceremony.
For all the latest Offbeat News, download NewsX App
Read More
WWE
Before Ronda Rousey's debut match at WrestleMania 34, nobody was really sure how she'd do. There was no doubt about her athletic prowess, but her abilities as a performer and a safe worker were very much up in the air. Her performance in a contract signing segment at Elimination Chamber didn't impress most viewers, and there were some doubts about her Samoan Drop.
Once the actual WrestleMania match occurred, however, it put all doubts to rest. Like her or not, Ronda Rousey did a great job in her first match, and should be an interesting wrestler to follow going forward.
One wrestling legend was particularly impressed with how Ronda did. WWE Hall of Fame announcer Jim Ross was effusive about Rousey in a brief interview with TMZ Sports.
A New York City middle school teacher's lesson on slavery in America has sparked outrage after she allegedly singled out black students and told them to lie face-down on the classroom floor.
Students and a staff member at a middle school in the Bronx told the New York Daily News that social studies teacher Patricia Cummings was giving a lesson to several 7th-grade classes about the Middle Passage, the harrowing journey of millions of Africans who were kidnapped and shipped to America as part of the Atlantic slave trade.
Cummings, who is reportedly white, allegedly had black students lie on the floor. At one point, the New York Daily News reports, she allegedly stepped on the back of at least one of the students and said, "How does it feel? See how it feels to be a slave?"
The student body at the William W. Niles School, M.S. 118, is 60 percent Hispanic, 21 percent black, 16 percent Asian and 3 percent white, according to the latest statistics from the New York City Department of Education.
Cummings has since been reassigned away from students and an investigation into the alleged incident is underway, according to New York City Department of Education spokesperson Toya Holness.
"While the investigation has not been completed, these are deeply disturbing allegations, and the alleged behavior has no place in our schools or in society. She has been reassigned away from students and we're providing the school with additional supports," Holness told ABC News in a statement Saturday.
The New York City Department of Education is deploying additional counselors and school-climate specialists to the school to support students and staff as needed, department officials told ABC News. The school's principal is meeting with students and families and the superintendent has visited the school to support the community. The school also sent a letter home with students to their families, the officials said.
M.S. 118 principal Giulia Cox did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment Saturday.
Drinking alcohol can give you more than bad breath. A new study finds it can change the bacteria in your mouth and not for the better.Researchers say people who routinely drink one or more alcoholic beverages a day may have an overabundance of bad bacteria in their mouth, compared to nondrinkers. It can lead to gum disease, heart problems and even some cancers."Our study offers clear evidence that drinking is bad for maintaining a healthy balance of microbes in the mouth and could help explain why drinking, like smoking, leads to bacterial changes already tied to cancer and chronic disease," says study senior investigator and epidemiologist Jiyoung Ahn, PhD.Possible explanations for drinking-related microbiome imbalances, Ahn says, could be that acids in alcoholic beverages make the oral environment hostile for certain bacteria to grow. Another reason, she says, could be the buildup of harmful byproducts from alcohol's breakdown, including chemicals called acetaldehydes, which along with the harmful toxins in the mouth from tobacco smoke, are produced by certain bacteria, such as Neisseria.The study was published in the journal Microbiome online April 23 and led by NYU School of Medicine researchers.
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a US$900,000, one-year contract extension Wednesday.
The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
"We're happy to have Magnus back in Ottawa," Senators general manager Pierre Dorion said in a release. "He showed us last season that he can play the game with speed, which fits with the style of play we want our team to exhibit.
"Magnus is a versatile player who will be able to provide us productive minutes in many situations."
The International Ski Federation (FIS) are welcoming nominations for the Matteo Baumgarten Award, prior to the deadline on March 31.
The annual honour seeks to recognise young athletes who are completing their studies and education while competing at a high level in one of the six FIS Olympic disciplines.
It was begun by the Baumgarten family in memory of their son Matteo, a budding Alpine skier who was tragically killed in a car crash in 1996.
Nominations are submitted through a country's National Ski Association, with up to three entries allowed.
The FIS state that interested parties should contact their respective associations for nomination forms.
The winner will be named on April 22, with a prize ceremony taking place at Bormio in Italy.
A prize of €3,000 (£2,600/$3,700) will be given to the winner.
The recipient will be informed prior to the official announcement.
It is the 21st year of the award, with the Czech Republic's Ester Ledecká winning last year.
Tina Maze is among the former winners of the award ©Getty Images
Ledecká, who won snowboard and Alpine skiing gold medals at last month's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, was selected after "careful analysis" by the Baumgarten family.
Former winners include two-time Olympic Alpine skiing champion Tina Maze in 2005 and former world downhill champion Ilka Štuhec in 2013, both for Slovenia.
Finland's Tanja Poutiainen, Austria's Bernadette Schild and Switzerland's Ramon Zenhäusern are also among the former winners.
The FIS have urged athletes to take advantage of the opportunity by applying.
The first signal that Adam Silver was more enlightened than the average commissioner came just months into his reign when he broke ranks with other sports leagues by calling for the legalization of sports betting.
Not only that, the NBA commissioner suggested later, but the league wouldn't mind joining in the profits that nationwide legalized betting might bring.
Bold stuff, considering the NBA had for decades been in lockstep with Major League Baseball and the NFL in the belief that sports betting could destroy their empires. While baseball is now coming in line with a new way of thinking, Roger Goodell notably continues to rant about the evils of sports betting.
That Silver is not afraid to tackle social issues is also reflected in the decision to move this weekend's All-Star Game out of Charlotte because of the North Carolina law limiting protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people. Agree with him or not, it's hard to imagine the NFL taking such a stand — especially when it might lose some money because of it.
Three years into his tenure, Silver is on a roll. The NBA Finals last year were the most watched in nearly 20 years, the league has a new national television deal that is ridiculously lucrative, and there is a new agreement with players that guarantees labor peace for at least six years.
Owners are happily counting their growing profits. Players are ecstatic over contracts that could pay them more than $40 million a year.
To top it off, Silver even managed — at least temporarily — to keep Knicks owner James Dolan from making even more of a fool of himself than he has already in his dustup with former player Charles Oakley.
Good times indeed, as the best players in the league prepare to gather in New Orleans for the All-Star Game that was taken from Charlotte. There's a lot to celebrate for both players and owners in a league that is not only healthy but thriving.
Some of that came about because both players and owners realized only they can kill the golden goose that continues to provide well for both. The new labor agreement signed a few weeks ago ensures that players will continue to get about half of each team's basketball revenue in salaries, while the owners will see their franchises go up in value.
Assuming it runs for the full seven-year length, the NBA will go for at least 13 years without any real labor issues. Revenues keep going up, and both owners and players seem to be satisfied with their share of a pie that keeps getting bigger.
Meanwhile, the NBA is not haunted by concussions like the NFL. It's not tainted by steroids, like baseball. And the entertainment value on the court is at a level probably not seen since Magic Johnson and Larry Bird squared off against each other three decades ago.
Yes, there are still issues to address. Officiating is one of them, in a league where it's difficult to know just what a foul is despite efforts to be more transparent about calls late in games.
Too many teams have no shot year after year at making the playoffs, which themselves have become somewhat predictable. Ticket prices are scary high, and it remains to be seen whether the $2.6 billion a year television package is sustainable in an era of cord cutting.
It's also hard to give Silver a pat on the back for changing the name of the development league to the NBA Gatorade League and for allowing ads to creep onto uniform fronts. And while Silver wants to be out front on the sports betting issue, there is still no one outside of Nevada legally betting on NBA games and no indication that will happen anytime soon.
But the NBA seems to be in good hands in a commissioner who learned a lot working under his predecessor, David Stern. That was evident on Monday when Silver moved quickly to get Oakley and Dolan in his office and, with an assist from Hall of Famer Michael Jordan, thrashed out a detente of sorts between the former player and the Knicks owner.
As NBA problems go, the spat between Oakley and Dolan was more of a sideshow than anything. Both bear some blame for the altercation, though it was Dolan who escalated it by issuing a ban on Oakley attending Knicks games and suggesting that he had anger issues or alcohol problems.
It could have been another distraction at the All-Star Game that no one wanted. But Silver moved quickly to make sure it wasn't, just as he moved quickly to move the game from Charlotte when it became clear the law was not going to be changed.
This weekend, the focus will be on the best players in the world, as it should always be.
But forgive the commissioner if he's called to take a little bow, too.
___
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at tdahlberg@ap.org or http://twitter.com/timdahlberg
Getty Image
Week one of the preseason is in the books, now research for your fantasy football draft is underway. You're buying increasingly irrelevant magazines, mock drafting from every position, reading sleeper and bust columns jam-packed full of pop culture references and listening to podcasts. You're fully immersing yourself in the world of stat-heavy football glory. It feels good, doesn't it?
One crucially important fantasy football muscle you may not be working out in the month of August is your ability to be a stone-cold brutal destroyer of fantasy joy. You must dominate your league without mercy. When fantasy football kicks off, you are no one's friend. Now, ahead of the DraftKings Fantasy Sports Festival, Michael Rapaport is here to declare that emotions have no place in your fake football league. Spreadsheets don't lie. Hard numbers that declare you the winner are the only truth. Make your picks. Don't get caught up in players you love.
UPROXX: Tell us about this DraftKings Fantasy Sports Fest.
Michael Rapaport: It's the fantasy football event of the year at Gillette Stadium. It's gonna be me, Rob Gronkowski, Matthew Berry, Jim Breuer, Trey Wingo, on the field, live podcasting, doing the drills, not drafting. Gillette's not drafting. We're doing tours; It's gonna be fantastic. It's going down in the house that Brady built, August 20th. I can't wait to meet the Gronk, the ‘Kowski. It's gonna be a great day. It's gonna be fantastic and you can get tickets at fantasysportsfest.com. Use the promo code “dancewiththedingo” and you save 15 bucks. And, as much as I'm excited about hosting it, I'm even more excited about participating, working with everyone that day. Being a fantasy Football analyst, as I am, I am also fan and I am a participant and I can't wait to run around the field at Gillette.
You're a Giants guy going to Gillette to hang out with Gronk. That's gotta be conflicting. Are you someone who usually picks Gronk in your leagues?
Listen, one thing I understand about fantasy football is that there are no feelings in fantasy football. It's very well documented, my personal feelings of the New England Patriots, but when it comes to fantasy, if it makes sense and the Gronk is available, I would love to have him on Rappaport's Delight with Brandin Cooks with Tom Brady. But I don't get emotionally involved. There's no sentimentality when it comes to fantasy, and I'm gonna be breaking it all down with the Gronk, with Matthew Berry, with Pat McAfee, August 20th, in the house that Brady built.
You've been in a lot of leagues and teams over the years, but do you play a lot of Daily Fantasy?
Oh yeah, oh yeah. I take on all comers. Every game, every structure of league, every day of the week, I take on all comers. I do it for fun. It's low-stakes, high emotional toll. With Daily, I just win. And even when I lose, I still win because of the emotional toll, the verbal exchange, that's what it's about. The dancing is what it's about. Because you're not going to win every game with fantasy. It's all about the dance. That's why August 20th is gonna be great. It's gonna be a beautiful day, and I'm gonna be talking about drafting techniques, and who better to talk about fantasy with than Matt Berry and Trey Wingo? And who better to talk about the reality of football and what's really going on with the Patriots than the Gronk?
CLEVELAND -- For the third time in four seasons with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Kevin Love has suffered a significant injury -- this time a broken left hand earlier this week.
For the second consecutive season, he will miss extended time and his chance to play in the All-Star Game.
"It's just one of those unlucky s--- luck kind of things. You can quote me on that," Love said. "It's frustrating. It's not just All-Star, it's missing time ... When I looked at [trainer] Steve Spiro kind of walking off the court I said, 'I know this feeling, this sucks, I can't believe it. Two years in a row.'"
Love suffered the injury Tuesday in Detroit in the first half and still doesn't exactly know how it happened, even after reviewing film. He consulted with several doctors including seeing a specialist in New York before deciding he would not have surgery.
There was a chance that surgery could've enabled him to return sooner. But ultimately, Love said, it was decided not to have the procedure, and he's projected to miss eight weeks.
"The connotation or the idea in sports is any time you go under the knife it's bad," Love said. "In some cases, at least with the hand, you understand that with certain breaks you can actually come back faster. With this, I think it's great to be able to avoid that and almost right way get back and still stay in shape and do most things."
Love spent some time before Saturday's game against the Houston Rockets talking to Chris Paul, who broke his hand in the playoffs with the LA Clippers last season. It is the third time in Love's career he has broken his hand and the second time he has broken his left. In 2009 he broke his left fourth metacarpal and needed surgery. This break is to the fifth metacarpal.
If he misses the full eight weeks, he would return with about two weeks left in the regular season.
"I'll do everything right," Love said. "I'll do whatever I need to do to get this thing to heal as quickly as I can and go from there."
Rob shares this latest news. Ed
This Thursday the speedway fraternity will come together at The Andrew Younie Smallbrook Stadium to celebrate the life of the late Bryn Williams, the Warriors former stadium announcer and press officer who sadly passed away at the end of last year.
ADMISSION TO THIS MEETING IS COMPLETELY FREE thanks to generous local and national sponsorship. Any surplus funds will be donated to the Speedway Riders Benevolent Fund Charity.
The main event will see the Wightlink Warriors take on the nomadic Weymouth Wildcats in a fifteen heat challenge fixture which will be supported by demonstration races by ‘The Men In Black' on their vintage bikes. There will also be flying lap record attempts and lots of off track activities for the whole family.
Co-Promoter Barry Bishop said:
“Bryn was a speedway legend having held nearly ever post imaginable at one time or another. I felt that we must pay tribute to him and recognise the huge amount of time he devoted to the sport, not only here on the Island, but at other tracks where he had an involvement. “It is an honour and privilege to be able to stage this event and in doing so I am especially delighted to be able to welcome Bryn's daughter Carys and her husband as our Guests of Honour. “Making this a free event will, I hope, draw many new faces to Smallbrook. The Warriors are big on community, inclusiveness and fun and I will be going out of my way to ensure that everyone has a great time and will want to return.”
Who's riding?
With the Warriors having had a week to recover from the troubles of the Good Friday meeting at Plymouth, the teams are expected to line up as follows:
Warriors: Ben Wilson, Ben Hopwood , James Cockle, Chris Widman, Nathan Greaves, Rik Mullins, Jamie Sealey.
Wildcats: Matt Williamson, Kelsey Dugard, Rob Shuttleworth, Mattie Bates, Georgie Wood, Kyle Bickley, Kenny Bowdery.
Unfortunately Warrior Tyler Govier is not fit to return following his spill at Plymouth and will be replaced in this meeting by Ben Hopwood.
Gates open at 17.30 with the rider parade at 18.45 and the first race at 19.00.
Location map
View the location of this story.
A team of workers is hoping to make a splash when they take on the annual Dragon Boat Challenge in memory of a colleague.
Read more: /longton-dad-s-plan-to-escape-from-alcatraz-for-cry-in-memory-of-stevie-wiggins-1-9162552 and /the-devastating-truth-about-young-sudden-cardiac-death-1-8234464
Rob Bamber is organising a team of colleagues from F2 Chemicals Ltd, in Lea, to take part in the event at Preston Docklands on Saturday June 9 to raise money for CRY (Cardiac Risk in the Young) to honour Stevie Wiggins, who died of an undiagnosed heart condition in 2005.
The group will be competing against other teams who will be raising money for their own chosen charities.
Rob, 44, of Fulwood, said: “I met Steve in 1990 where we started a BNFL apprenticeship. In 1994 our apprenticeship finished and nine of us were given jobs at F2 Chemicals where we started work and met our new work colleagues.
“Quite a few of us are still here now and all have fond memories of Steve. He provided us with much entertainment and left a big hole in our hearts when he was sadly taken from us due to a rare unknown cardiac issue, aged 30.
“In his memory we have got ourselves a team and are taking part in a Dragon Boat Challenge.
“Steve would have been the first person to put his name down for the race so we will try our best to do him proud.
“CRY does so much to detect cardiac risk in the young and have saved many lives so please find it in your hearts to donate a little for a fantastic cause.”
So far 16 colleagues have signed up, with many others expected to cheer them on.
Rob added: “The team is mixed, with an age range of 18 to 60. We haven't done any preparation for this so we will see how we get on.
“We will do three races to see if we qualify for later heats. We are really looking forward to it. A lot of other workers are coming along and we will have a gazebo with beer so it will be a good day.”
To sponsor the team visit http://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/robert-bamber1
READING, Pa. (AP) — Police in a small Pennsylvania city haven't identified any suspects in a quadruple homicide that's believed to be among the deadliest shootings in the area in recent history, officials said Monday.
The victims, all men, were shot several times, and their bodies were found Sunday evening in the first-floor apartment of a row home, said James Marasco Jr., deputy chief of the Reading Police Department. The department does not believe the killings were random, he said.
"We cannot remember any time in recent history when this many people were shot at one time," Marasco said.
Three of the victims have been identified: Jarlyn Lantigua-Tejada, 20; Juan Rodriguez, 23, and Joshua Santos, 20. The fourth man has not yet been named, though he is believed to be in his early 20s.
About a dozen mourners gathered in front of the apartment around noon Monday. They lit white prayer candles near the doorway of the building and released white, star-shaped balloons as music played and police shuffled in and out of the home.
One woman struggled to stand after falling to her knees on the sidewalk in a fit of tears. She screamed, "Why?" The crowd grew visibly angry with the throng of news crews at the scene, cursing at reporters and pushing camera lenses away.
Anabell Dealba, 34, said she knew one of the men through her husband and went to the home Monday with her two children so they could pay their respects. She said people in the neighborhood called one of the men "King Spaz."
"I can't believe this really happened," she said as one of her sons stood at the front door of the building and peered inside at police. "The kids are really hurt by the whole thing. It puts you in a bad place as a mom."
One of her sons, Jose Santiago, said he was stunned when his father called him last night to tell him his friend was dead.
"He's a little too smart to be in this situation," said Santiago, 19, tears welling up in his eyes.
Neighbors described a chaotic scene Sunday night as police cruisers descended on the home and officers canvassed the area, knocking on doors to see if residents knew anything about what happened. A woman who didn't want to give her name said officers pulled three body bags from the house around 3 a.m.
Officials are urging people to contact authorities with any information about the shooting.
It was the second quadruple shooting in the state on Sunday. In the western Pennsylvania community of Melcroft, a gunman killed four people and injured a fifth person at a car wash. Family members say the shooter was a jealous ex-boyfriend of one of the victims.
Reading has a population of about 88,000 people and is roughly 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
International Olympic Committee (IOC) Coordination Commission chair John Coates and Tokyo 2020 President Yoshirō Mori have claimed there has been a growing interest in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in recent month across Japan.
The pair made the assertion during the opening remarks of the IOC's Commission's fifth visit to the Japanese capital city.
It comes shortly after organisers celebrated the 1,000 days to go milestones for both the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the latter occurring at the end of November.
“You held the events with great success, with a remarkable number of people turning out,” said Coates.
“The turnout was indicative over everything we see here in Japan, with the people supporting the national effort.
“Your marketing programme continues at record levels and we are pleased to confirm the urban venues, which will feel with be iconic and engage the youth of Tokyo.
“We believe this youth focused and gender balanced Games will be among your great legacies and one people will remember.
Coates also praised organisers for the recent opening of the Musashino Forest Sports Plaza, which will host badminton and the fencing component of the modern pentathlon, as well as the wheelchair basketball at the Paralympic Games.
It was the first of eight new permanent venues being constructed for the Games to be unveiled.
The strong support of the 1,000 days to milestone was praised by the Commission ©Getty Images
“The venue was the first site we looked at as a coordination commission and we would like to congratulate you,” Coates said.
“Having also seen the progress on the national stadium, heading towards a completion in November 2019, we are very confident it will be ready.
“We are very confident you are on the way to achieving your and our shared goals.”
Mori references the IOC Executive Board decision last week that basketball 3x3 and sport climbing would be held at the temporary venue, located in the Tokyo Bay Zone close to the Athletes' Village.
BMX racing and freestyle events and skateboarding will all be held on the Olympic BMX Course also located in the Tokyo Bay Zone in the northern part of Tokyo's Ariake district.
“We would like to thank them for their approval,” Mori said.
“We will be delivering the popular sports for the young people.
“This meeting is the second meeting of the year, we had punctuating moments of three years and 1,000 days to go.
“We acted on increasing the momentum for the Games.”
Discussions over the Games budget are likely to take place over the next three days, with organisers hoping to reveal a revised version by the close of the year.
Mori acknowledged the reducing the cost of the Games was a challenge, but claimed they were making progress to achieving their aim.
He also praised politicians for their support, but suggested they may require legislation to be passed by the Japanese Parliament to combat the potential threat posed by ticket scalping as the Games approaches.
Discussions surrounding the Games budget are likely to take place, with Tokyo 2020 set to provide a revised version by the close of the year ©Getty Images
“The budget is a challenge we have to continue to work on,” he said.
“We have made efforts to reduce costs and in October there was a project review meeting.
“We have proposed a new cost reduction plan.
“They are entering into a new stage reviewing the services.
“We would like to make a second budget and make a revised version by the end of this year.
“We may need to ask for cooperation from the Diet, maybe around ticketing, so there could be some laws which need adjusting.
“The facilities and programmes, engagement with the population will be growing in importance in the coming months.”
Shunichi Suzuki, the Minister in charge of the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games, and Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike were also present for the opening remarks of the Commission meeting.
The Commission began their second visit to the capital city of the year with a tour venue as they continue to assess Tokyo 2020's progress.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Temperatures in Europe's far north are breaking records, prompting Scandinavians to take dips in fjords well ahead of the official start of summer on June 21.
In the municipality of Etne, on Norway's west coast, the mercury hit 32.7 degrees Celsius (90.86 degrees Fahrenheit) on Wednesday, a record for May.
Danish meteorologists say May has already broken records for sunshine, with 348 hours recorded by Wednesday — expected to reach 360 on Thursday. The previous high was 347.
People took dips in harbors and fjords across southern Norway, and bans on open fires because of dry forests and grass have been issued in many municipalities in Sweden.
Expand Members of civil society organizations chant slogans during a protest to condemn the killing of 27-year-old woman, Farkhunda, who was beaten with sticks and set on fire by a crowd of men in central Kabul in broad daylight on Thursday, in Kabul March 24, 2015. © 2015 Reuters
It seemed like a breakthrough. In 2009, when then-President Hamid Karzai signed Afghanistan's Law on the Elimination of Violence Against Women (EVAW Law), women's rights activists celebrated a hard-won victory. They looked to a future where Afghan women and girls—about 87 percent of whom experience abuse in their lifetimes—would finally see justice.
But a United Nations report this week confirms what activists have known for years—that violence against women is still largely ignored by the Afghan criminal justice system. A young woman, “Soraya,” recently told Human Rights Watch that after her husband attacked her with a knife, and her father-in-law raped her, she went to the police. When she tried to file charges, an officer told her, “We are not going to register your case—it is not important enough. You should resolve this with your family.”
UN researchers reviewed 237 cases of women and girls who sought justice, and found that Soraya's experience was typical--most cases never reached a court. Instead, authorities routinely turned victims away or referred them to—and pressured them to accept—mediation. Mediation is used—in clear violation of the EVAW Law—even when women suffered crimes such as rape, acid attacks, and forced prostitution.
The UN also reviewed 280 murders of women, including so-called “honor killings.” Only 50 cases led to convictions, and the vast majority were never heard by the courts; some of these cases were likely resolved through mediation.
Mediation does not provide justice to female victims of serious crimes. At best, it offers victims an often-empty promise from her abuser not to repeat the crime. At worst, mediators themselves inflict abuse, for example by ordering girls or women to be given as compensation for murder, forcing women and girls to marry men who raped them, or excusing murder in the name of “honor.”
Despite promising to adopt a “zero tolerance” policy toward violence against women, current President Ashraf Ghani has not done so. This became clear in 2015 when a young woman, Farkhunda Malikzada, was beaten to death by a mob in Kabul after being falsely accused of burning the Quran. Ghani's government not only let most of her murderers escape justice, but also ignored public demands for more action to combat violence against women. Ghani should direct Afghanistan's police and prosecutors to prosecute cases diligently, and also discipline or fire officials who treat victims the way the police treated Soraya. He has done neither.
Afghanistan's women still have a long hard fight ahead of them.
_____
Photo
• In Brussels, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel tried, and failed, to get E.U. leaders to follow the Trump administration and recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. (The bloc is the biggest provider of aid to the Palestinians.)
Hezbollah, the Lebanese militant group, vowed to return its focus to fighting Israel after years of battling rebels in neighboring Syria.
_____
Photo
• Across the European Union, a legion of temporary employment agencies have turned cheap labor into big business, allowing employers to avoid some of the bloc's more onerous labor costs.
Some agencies control entire labor supply chains, transporting recruits across borders, lodging them, busing them to and from job sites and then moving them elsewhere.
Our correspondent talked to migrant workers in the Czech manufacturing hub of Pardubice, and found many working under conditions and for pay that few citizens would accept. (Above, a Czech social worker meeting migrants at their dorm.)
_____
Photo
• In the U.S., a national nail-biter today: Will voters elect to the Senate Roy Moore, the Republican candidate dogged by accusations that he sexually assaulted teenage girls?
Several women who came forward during the 2016 campaign to accuse President Trump of sexual misconduct renewed their allegations during a television interview, as societal attitudes toward such behavior are shifting.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And Mario Batali, the American celebrity chef, apologized and stepped away from his food empire after four unidentified women accused him of sexual harassment.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Business
Photo
• Artificial intelligence may make half of today's jobs obsolete in 20 years. What careers will be left when our children grow up?
“The robot plumber is a long, long way away,” one management theorist reassured.
• To better design driverless vehicles, Volvo put cameras in test cars to see how people interact with driver-assistance features. (The automaker wants to develop fully autonomous cars for highway use by 2021.)
• The U.S., once the World Trade Organization's biggest supporter, has turned into its biggest skeptic.
• A notable quote in our latest Brexit update comes from David Davis, Britain's negotiator: “I don't have to be very clever,” he said. “I don't have to know that much. I just do have to be calm.”
• Here's a snapshot of global markets.
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
In the News
Photo
• The photographer who captured a now-viral photo of a starving polar bear in the Arctic recalled the experience: “As soon as he did a slow stand on his feet, everybody on the team just started crying.” [The New York Times]
• Emmanuel Macron, the French president, is hosting an international summit meeting in Paris to increase funding for efforts to mitigate climate change. [Associated Press]
• China is constructing refugee camps near the North Korean border, intended to house thousands of migrants fleeing a possible crisis. [The New York Times]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• Mikheil Saakashvili, a former president of Georgia, was released from custody in Ukraine after a court refused to authorize his arrest over allegations that he colluded to topple the government. [Associated Press]
• Poland fined the most widely watched independent broadcaster for what it called unfair reporting on antigovernment protests last year. Critics called the fine an attack on press freedom. [Reuters]
• Saudi Arabia said that it would allow commercial movie theaters for the first time in more than 35 years. There's a catch: They will be governed by Islamic law. [The New York Times]
• President Trump announced that the moon would be the next destination for American astronauts, but did not offer details about schedule or cost. [The New York Times]
• We reviewed the “alt-tech” digital platforms that promised far-right alternatives to Facebook and Twitter. (They have had limited success.) [The New York Times]
• And Johnny Hallyday, the French rock star, has been laid to rest on the Caribbean island of St. Barts. A writer explored why so many considered the bard one of a kind. [The New York Times]
Smarter Living
Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.
Photo
• Anonymous feedback at work isn't always helpful.
• Holiday messes got you stressed? Some cleaning tips.
• Recipe of the day: Hot sauce livens up noodle kugel.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Noteworthy
Video
• Our latest 360 video takes you to Iceland's geothermal pools, fixtures in the country's history and communal life.
• The Golden Globes nominations are out. Guillermo del Toro's fantasy “The Shape of Water” led with seven nominations. Here are the nominees and a look at the surprises and snubs.
• The draw for the Champions League round of 16 led to marquee matchups for Real Madrid and Barcelona, the giants of the Spanish league. Another clash of European champions pits Liverpool against Porto.
• And in the Pacific, a recent volcanic eruption resulted in a new island, which could help scientists study Mars.
Backstory
Photo
Long before there were meatless Mondays, there were meatless Tuesdays, wheatless Wednesdays and porkless Saturdays.
One hundred years ago, during World War I, the U.S. government made an appeal for the country to sacrifice more to help its allies in Europe avoid starvation.
Americans were already encouraged to give up meat (red meat, preserved meat and lard) on Tuesdays and wheat on Wednesdays. The new instructions also excluded pork on Saturday and recommended one meal without meat or wheat each day.
“In this emergency, only the simplest of living is patriotic,” said Herbert Hoover, food administrator and a future president.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the winter of 1917, he said, “lies the period when there will be tested in this great free country of ours the question as to whether or not our people are capable of voluntary individual self-sacrifice to save the world.”
The guidelines were later tightened again, and declared a success.
Another plea to help those struggling in Europe came after World War II. President Harry Truman, in the first televised address from the White House, asked Americans to give up meat on Tuesdays and poultry and eggs on Thursdays.
“We must not fail them,” he said.
Sarah Anderson contributed reporting.
_____
This briefing was prepared for the European morning and is updated online. Browse past briefings here.
You can get the briefing delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. We have four global editions, timed for the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia, and an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. Check out our full range of free newsletters here.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.
“It was going to be a splurge, but I thought, ‘Why not?'” Ms. Turner said. “It is already a splurge living in New York.”
Then, online, she came across the Olivia, opened in 2000, in the Hudson Yards neighborhood, just north of the main post office building and west of Madison Square Garden. It looked appealing on its Instagram page. And when she saw it in person, it lived up to the photographs.
Ms. Turner chose a sunny corner studio with a southern view. The place has oversize windows with window shades. (She didn't win the lottery, however, because the bathroom has no window.)
She rented the place in the winter, for $3,350, plus a free month on a 13-month lease, for a “net-effective” rent of $3,175 a month.
“Talking about your rent is a big thing here, even among strangers,” she said.
As a foreigner without an American credit history, she was asked to provide an extra month's security deposit.
Her interior is spartan, furnished with little more than a bed, a chair and a lamp. In the end, she decided she could live with construction racket — the post office is being turned into a train station — and she looks down upon rooftop cranes. When she complained about slamming doors in the hall, the maintenance department added a door sweep.
PITTSFORD, N.Y. (AP) — Buffalo Bills newly acquired receiver Jordan Matthews has been diagnosed with a chip fracture in his sternum and will be listed week to week.
The team provided the update Monday morning, a day after Matthews was hurt in his first practice since being acquired in a trade with Philadelphia. Matthews finished practice before being escorted off the field complaining of a chest injury.
The Bills are counting on Matthews to fill starting receiver Sammy Watkins' spot after he was also dealt to the Los Angeles Rams in a separate trade on Friday. Buffalo gave up starting cornerback Ronald Darby to acquire Matthews and a third-round draft pick from Philadelphia.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. home prices jumped in February as buyers are fiercely competing over a dwindling number of homes for sale.
The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller national home price index released Tuesday jumped 6.3 percent in February from a year earlier, matching December's increase, which was the largest in nearly three years.
Steady job gains and an increase in millennials moving out on their own has ramped up competition for homes. February's price gain far outpaces average increases in wages or inflation.
Many Americans are reluctant to sell their homes as mortgage rates rise, preferring to renovate instead. Others are holding onto their homes because there fewer properties available. That's kept supply tight: The number of homes for sale fell 7.2 percent in March from a year earlier to just 1.67 million.
To mark Canada's 150 birthday on July 1st, the city of Niagara Falls will host 150 different events throughout the year. The city expects this year's tourism season to be one of their best, but the challenge is to keep visitors here longer.
“All signs including international visitation show that this year 2017 should be the best year maybe in 25 years.” Jim Diodati, Niagara Falls mayor.
The city of Niagara Falls will spend $150 000 promoting and hosting events throughout the year celebrating 150 years since confederation. Including music festivals and exhibitions. Clifton Hill has been updated, featuring a new Ripley's Believe it or Not museum. A go-kart attraction is under construction with a possible start date later this year. And Mayor Jim Diodati says the city has added more fireworks to the falls. Instead of 3 nights tourists can enjoy fireworks 5 days out of the week.
The city says the goal is to have visitors stay longer. A major reason why, tourists on average spend a whooping $2.2 billion a year in the falls.
The City Beach is temporarily closed due to utility line maintenance. City officials say that it will be reopened as soon as possible.
Getty Image
The Cleveland Indians drew first blood in their American League Division Series against the New York Yankees on Thursday night. Behind a strong 6 2/3 innings from Trevor Bauer, the Tribe took down the Yankees, 4-0. It was a dominant performance by the Indians, one which featured Cleveland's other dominant team with championship aspirations in attendance.
Led by noted Yankee fan LeBron James, a number of Cavaliers players took the trip to Progressive Field. As you can see in the picture above, Kevin Love, Kay Felder, Channing Frye, LeBron, Richard Jefferson, Cedi Osman, Jose Calderon, Kyle Korver, and Tristan Thompson were all in the box. Not pictured up there were J.R. Smith and Dwyane Wade, who were both there, as evidenced by this Instagram post by Smith.
#WildThing welcome to #Cleveland @dwyanewade A post shared by JR Smith (@teamswish) on Oct 5, 2017 at 9:08pm PDT
Isaiah Thomas also tagged along, and while he might be new to the Cleveland sports scene, the former Celtics star is already getting used to rooting for the Tribe.
Team bonding is always fun and important, but doing it during a postseason sporting event seems like an especially good time. There's no word on what the Cavs plan to do on Friday afternoon, when the Indians and the Yankees will play Game 2 of their series. Seeing as how Cy Young frontrunner Corey Kluber is on the bump for Cleveland, it will definitely be a must-watch game.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The IRS says it's following President Donald Trump's executive order on health care by easing enforcement of the unpopular Obama-era requirement for people to have coverage or risk fines.
Trump directed federal agencies to ease the health law's rules after he took office.
An IRS spokesman says the IRS had planned to start rejecting returns this year on which the taxpayer failed to indicate whether or not he had coverage.
But the IRS says it will keep processing such returns, as it has in the past.
Many of the law's supporters consider the coverage requirement essential for nudging younger, healthy people into the insurance pool to keep premiums in check.
The IRS says the requirement is still the law.
Guyana recorded their first-ever World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship win by beating 2012 bronze medallists Austria at the Östersund Arena in Östersund.
The South American country got off to a good start in the match and recorded a 1-0 victory in the first end.
Austria, however, seemed to restore normality with a 4-0 win in the second end.
From that moment on there were small margins of victory for both sides, which kept them within touching distance of each other.
That was until the sixth end when Guayana claimed an excellent 5-0 win, meaning Austria's 1-0 win in the seventh, and final, end was not enough to snatch victory as Guayana ran out 9-6 winners.
After his side's victory in the Swedish city, Rayad Husain said: "First win for us as a country!
"So after three losses and really bad games, it's nice to get that monkey off our back and win."
Well done to Guyana 🇬🇾 on their first ever win at the #WMDCC2018 👏 #curling pic.twitter.com/VNjNd3MA14 — World Curling (@worldcurling) April 24, 2018
Husain added: "It gives us the legitimacy that we've won at a World Championship.
"Many people were kind of skeptical of us from last year.
"Winning is good at a World Championship and against an established country like Austria I think that's great!"
Earlier on in the day, South Korea became the first team to qualify from the round-robin matches thanks to a comfortable 10-2 victory against Brazil.
Defending champions Switzerland kept up their unbeaten record at this competition with a 15-0 thrashing of The Netherlands.
The competition is due to continue tomorrow with more round robin matches.
The iPod wasn't the first MP3 player, millennials weren't the first to point the camera back at the photographer, and the 2017 Kia Niro isn't the first crossover to package a gas-electric hybrid powertrain under the hood. But just as Apple spurred digital music to ubiquity and the social-media generation wallpapered the internet with selfies, Kia's Niro is the fully realized execution that could elevate the hybrid crossover to widespread adoption.
Twelve years after Ford added electric assist to its Escape (and five years after the automaker killed that offering), the small, hybridized utility vehicle finally lives up to its potential with the Niro. Rated at up to 50 mpg in the EPA's combined measure, the Niro makes the lofty fuel-economy promises many buyers expect from hybrids. The starting price of $23,785 undercuts the prices of the 33-mpg Nissan Rogue and the 32-mpg Toyota RAV4 hybrids by several thousand dollars. It even slips under that of the green king, the Toyota Prius, by $575. And if driving a Prius makes the same fashion statement as donning a sweater vest over a turtleneck, the Niro wears like a pair of jeans and a Patagonia pullover—understated and trendy with a subtle air of eco credibility. We drove both the base Niro FE and the top-dog Touring to better understand why the different trims carry different EPA fuel-economy ratings.
View photos
One Vehicle, Three Fuel-Economy Ratings
The Niro wears one of three different EPA labels depending on the trim level. The FE model (for Fuel Efficient) is the most frugal at 50 mpg combined, while the Niro Touring registers 43 mpg. The midrange LX and EX trims both carry a 49-mpg combined rating.
These differences are primarily the product of regulatory minutiae in the fuel-economy labeling game. While most cars have one fuel-economy label that lumps various trim levels into a single test that reflects the equipment level of the most popular variant, Kia parses the Niro into three separate certifications in order to get a bigger number for the lighter, lower-spec trims. Like we said: regulatory minutiae.
Our real-world findings suggest there is a distinction to be found in the fuel economy between the FE and Touring models, although it's significantly smaller than the 7-mpg difference on the EPA labels. In our use, the Niro FE averaged 37 mpg, while the Touring model returned 35 mpg. Those figures climbed to 42 and 39 mpg, respectively, for the FE and the Touring on our 75-mph highway loop.
View photos
“Once you have an external outlier that understands you better than you understand yourself, liberal democracy as we have known it for the last century or so is doomed,” Mr. Harari predicted.
“Liberal democracy trusts in the feelings of human beings, and that worked as long as nobody could understand your feelings better than yourself — or your mother,” he said. “But if there is an algorithm that understands you better than your mother and you don't even understand that this is happening, then liberal democracy will become an emotional puppet show,” he added. “What happens if your heart is a foreign agent, a double agent serving somebody else, who knows how to press your emotional buttons, who knows how to make you angry, how to make you bold, how to make you joyful? This is the kind of threat we're beginning to see emerging today, for example in elections and referendum.”
Technology will be a new tool for discrimination — not against groups but individuals.
In the 20th century, discrimination was used against entire groups based on various biases. It was fixable, however, because those biases were not true and victims could join together and take political action. But in the coming years and decades, Mr. Harari said, “we will face individual discrimination, and it might actually be based on a good assessment on who you are.”
If algorithms employed by a company look up your Facebook profile or DNA, trawl through school and professional records, they could figure out pretty accurately who you are. “You will not be able to do anything about this discrimination first of all because it's just you,” Mr. Harari said. “They don't discriminate against your being because you're Jewish or gay, but because you're you. And the worst thing is that it will be true. It sounds funny, but it's terrible.”
Time is ‘accelerating.'
It took centuries, even thousands of years, for us to reap the rewards of decisions made by our forebears, for example, growing wheat that led to the agricultural revolution. Not anymore.
“Time is accelerating,” Mr. Harari said. The long term may no longer be defined in centuries or millenniums — but in terms of 20 years. “It's the first time in history when we'll have no idea how human society will be like in a couple of decades,” he said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We're in an unprecedented situation in history in the sense that nobody knows what the basics about how the world will look like in 20 or 30 years. Not just the basics of geopolitics but what the job market would look like, what kind of skills people will need, what family structures will look like, what gender relations will look like. This means that for the first time in history we have no idea what to teach in schools.”
Leaders focus on the past because they lack a meaningful vision of the future.
Leaders and political parties are still stuck in the 20th century, in the ideological battles pitting the right against the left, capitalism versus socialism. They don't even have realistic ideas of what the job market looks like in a mere two decades, Mr. Harari said, “because they can't see.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Instead of formulating meaningful visions for where humankind will be in 2050, they repackage nostalgic fantasies about the past,” he said. “And there's a kind of competition: who can look back further. Trump wants to go back to the 1950s; Putin basically wants to go back to the Czarist Empire, and you have the Islamic State that wants to go back to seventh-century Arabia. Israel — they beat everybody. They want to go back 2,500 years to the age of the Bible, so we win. We have the longest-term vision backwards.”
‘There is no predetermined history.'
“We're now living with the collapse of the last story of inevitability,” he said. The 1990s weres flush with ideas that history was over, that the great ideological battle of the 20th century was won by liberal democracy and free-market capitalism.
This now seems extremely naïve, he said. “The moment we are in now is a moment of extreme disillusionment and bewilderment because we have no idea where things will go from here. It's very important to be aware of the downside, of the dangerous scenarios of new technologies. The corporations, the engineers, the people in labs naturally focus on the enormous benefits that these technologies might bring us, and it falls to historians, to philosophers and social scientists who think about all of the ways that things could go wrong.”
In a complex, interconnected world, morality needs to be redefined.
“To act well, it's not enough to have good values,” Mr. Harari said. “You have to understand the chains of causes and effects.”
Stealing, for example, has become so complicated in today's world. Back in biblical times, Mr. Harari said, if you were stealing, you were aware of your actions and their consequences on your victim. But theft today could entail investing — even unwittingly — in a very profitable but unethical corporation that damages the environment and employs an army of lawyers and lobbyists to protect itself from lawsuits and regulations.
“Am I guilty of stealing a river?” asked Mr. Harari, continuing his example. “Even if I'm aware, I don't know how the corporation makes its money. It will take me months and even years to find out what my money is doing. And during that time I'll be guilty of so many crimes, which I would know nothing about.”
The problem, he said, is understanding the “extremely complicated chains of cause and effect” in the world. “My fear is that Homo sapiens are not just up to it. We have created such a complicated world that we're no longer able to make sense of what is happening.”
Until last week, most Americans had no idea who Johnny Hallyday was and probably could not have cared less – but the feelings were anything but mutual. “Johnny,” as his fans called him, was France's version of Elvis; his life-long love affair with America not only shaped his musical style but was key to explaining how the French came to idolize him.
Mr. Hallyday was buried Monday on the French Caribbean island of Saint Barthélemy after an epic televised send-off over the weekend of the kind usually reserved for heads of state or royalty.
One million fans gathered on the Champs-Élysées to bid adieu to their national hero, his coffin flanked by an escort of 500 full-throated Harley-Davidsons. Tears fell freely. “Johnny belonged to you, to the public, to France,” President Emmanuel Macron – who, at 39, is well below the average age of most Hallyday fans – told the crowd.
Recommended: More than Bastille, Bonaparte, and brie: Test your knowledge of France with our quiz!
Born Jean-Philippe Smet, the teenage Hallyday adopted his American-sounding stage name pseudonym after finding inspiration in Elvis Presley. He became a star when he was barely out of his teens, introducing the French public to an American rock 'n' roll sound. Over the course of a nearly 60-year career he constantly reinvented himself, dabbling in blues, pop, country, and even opera.
Some of his greatest hits were French cover versions of songs in English – straightforward rip-offs, an American pop fan might say. But French fans had never heard the originals and they did not care. One of Hallyday's most popular singles, “Noir, C'est Noir,” was a French take on the English language sensation “Black is Black,” popularized by Los Bravos; his version of “Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Polka Dot Bikini” launched France's “yé-yé” bubblegum pop era.
A FRENCH WINDOW ON AMERICA
Whether America knew it or not, Hallyday was an important bridge between France and the United States. His American persona was central to his appeal to a large swath of French people who would never see the other side of the Atlantic. For many who dreamed of riding off into the sunset on Route 66 or hiking the grandiose depths of the Grand Canyon, Hallyday was as close to America as they would get.
“Johnny Hallyday contributed to the popularity of American music and American pop culture,” says Gabriel Segré, a socio-anthropology professor at University of Paris at Nanterre who has written several books on Elvis Presley and fan culture. “[French] youth imitated him, identified with him and used him as a model, while he helped promote the artists, language, images, and popular myths of American culture.”
Hallyday's music was only part of his American image. His life story as a self-made man – a blue-collar rocker who worked hard and partied harder – epitomized the American dream for many French people. His slicked-back, Elvis-style coif, jeans, and tattooed muscles were a homage to America's rockabilly scene. In the 60's, he appeared on the Ed Sullivan Show, partied with Jimi Hendrix, and socialized with the likes of Bob Dylan and Keith Richards.
Yet, ironically, Hallyday failed to crack the American market. Often referred to as “the biggest star you've never heard of” in the English-speaking press, that didn't stop Hallyday from moving to Los Angeles in the mid-2000's with his fifth wife, Laetitia, and raising their two children there, often taking his beloved Harley for runs in the California desert for fun.
While his American vibe may have launched Hallyday's career, it was only part of why the French adored him, some going so far as tattooing his face on their chests. His fame and nearly royal status in French culture was due to something more intangible and profound.
'STAYING ALIVE'
Hallyday became Everyman, embodying ordinary French citizens' dreams of freedom, rebellion, and success. The husky resonance of hits such as “Que je t'aime” (How I Love You) or “Allumer le feu” (Light the Fire) exposed all of his love, pain, rage, and struggles.
Regardless of how ugly life got – a suicide attempt, colon cancer, a medically-induced coma – Hallyday bared all to his fans. Able to appeal to twenty-something hipsters, middle-aged factory workers, and even some intellectual members of the Parisian bourgeoisie, he united them all in their love and admiration for a French hero.
Alabama voters head to the polls Tuesday to elect a U.S. Senator in a race thrust into the national spotlight after allegations of sexual misconduct against the Republican nominee, former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore.
Interested in Roy Moore? Add Roy Moore as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Roy Moore news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The state has not elected a Democrat to the U.S. Senate since 1992, but Moore is locked in a tight race with his Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney.
Moore faces allegations from eight women who have accused him of sexual misconduct toward them when he was in his 30s and, in some cases, when the women were in their teens. Moore has denied the allegations.
Prior to the allegations surfacing last month, Moore already had a long-standing reputation as a fierce defender of Christianity in the public sphere, and was twice removed from his position as Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court for violating judicial orders.
The race has created a wedge between many Republicans on Capitol Hill, who have maintained that Moore should step aside, and President Donald Trump, who has endorsed Moore.
While he has not campaigned in Alabama, Trump urged Alabama voters to support Moore at a weekend rally in Pensacola, Florida, roughly 20 miles from the Alabama state line and close enough to be seen in the Alabama media market.
The president also recorded a robocall over the weekend urging Alabama voters to back Moore.
"Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our 'Make America Great Again' agenda," Trump said on the call. "Roy is a conservative who will help me steer this country back on track after eight years of the Obama disaster. Get out and vote for Roy Moore," Trump said.
Trump also has argued that Moore has consistently denied the allegations as part of his rationale for endorsing him.
National Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., have called on Moore to step aside in the wake of the sexual misconduct allegations, but Moore has remained defiant. Republican senators from Jeff Flake of Arizona to Lindsey Graham of South Carolina have maintained that Moore is not fit to serve in the U.S. Senate, and Flake went as far as donating $100 to the Jones campaign.
Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., the head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, has maintained that even if Moore should win the election he should be expelled from the United States Senate.
Alabama's senior senator, Republican Richard Shelby, has been particularly outspoken about not backing Moore.
"I wouldn't vote for Roy Moore. I think the Republican Party can do better," Shelby said Sunday on CNN.
But despite the allegations and widespread backlash against Moore, Jones still faces an uphill battle in a state that President Trump won by over 20 points in 2016.
Moore has strongly embraced President Trump, and has tried to paint Jones, who was appointed as a U.S. attorney by Bill Clinton in 1997, as too liberal on issues such as illegal immigration, abortion and same-sex marriage.
Jones has pitched himself as someone who can reach across party lines, and has run a campaign focused on turning out African-American voters as well as Alabama Republicans skeptical of Moore both before and after the allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced.
This past weekend Jones campaigned across the state with numerous high-profile African-American politicians, including Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., and Alabama's only Democrat in the House, Rep. Terri Sewell, D-Ala.
Jones also has saved his fiercest attacks on Moore for the final weeks of the campaign.
“I damn sure believe that I have done my part to ensure that men who hurt little girls should go to jail and not the U.S. Senate," Jones said at a campaign rally in Birmingham last week.
While the makeup of the electorate is uncertain, some recent polling suggests Jones has a chance at pulling off an upset. A Fox News poll released Monday shows Jones leading by 10 points. A Washington Post/George Mason University poll released earlier this month had Jones with a 3 point lead.
Your Voice, Your Vote: ABC News will have live coverage of the Alabama special election on Tuesday night at 8:30 p.m. ET on abcnews.com, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube, and the ABC News app.
By JENNIFER PELTZ and JAKE PEARSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Several people who hung a banner from the Statue of Liberty's pedestal calling for abolishing the federal government's chief immigration enforcement agency were arrested on July Fourth shortly before a person scaled the statue's base, forcing its evacuation.
About 100 feet (30 meters) aboveground, the climber alternately sat and lay by the bottom edge of the statue's robes for more than two hours on Wednesday, news helicopter video showed. Police, standing on a ladder and a ledge nearby, tried to talk the climber into descending.
The climber made about a 25-foot (8-meter) ascent from the monument's observation point, National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis said. Visitors were forced to leave Liberty Island hours before its normal 6:15 p.m. closing time, he said.
Earlier and farther below, at least six people were taken into custody after unfurling a banner that read "Abolish I.C.E.," Willis said. The message referred to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a part of the Department of Homeland Security. ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally, among other duties.
Willis said federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument.
The activist group behind the banner, Rise and Resist, tweeted that the climber wasn't connected to its demonstration and expressed concern for the climber's safety.
The New York-based group opposes President Donald Trump's administration and advocates ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety.
Under Trump's zero-tolerance policy, the government has begun requiring border agents to arrest and prosecute anyone caught entering the country illegally. That resulted in more than 2,000 children being separated from their parents within six weeks this spring.
Under public pressure, Trump later halted his policy of taking children from their detained parents. A federal judge in California ordered the Trump administration late last month to reunite the more than 2,000 children with their parents in 30 days, or 14 days in the case of those under age 5.
"Abolish ICE" has become a rallying cry at some protests around the country and for some prominent Democratic officials seeking to boost their progressive credentials.
Trump said on Twitter last week that abolishing ICE will "never happen!"
Protests and evacuations at the Statue of Liberty are rare but not unheard of.
Last February, someone hung a banner reading "Refugees Welcome" from the observation deck. The sign was taken down about an hour after being discovered.
A year earlier, a West Virginia man with psychological problems was sentenced to time served after calling in a bomb threat. His call forced the evacuation of Liberty Island, sending 3,200 people on boats back to lower Manhattan and New Jersey.
The statue, a gift from France, was dedicated in 1886. It became a welcoming symbol for immigrants and refugees coming to the U.S.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For Sale
Brand New 8500 Watt Generator from Farmer's Supply $750
Call 694-3440
20 Year Old China Cabinet with Glass Shelves
Call 731-415-5665
Mahogany Bedroom Suite
Call 586-2884
In Need
Propane Scarfing Tip
Bottom Mounting Drawer Slides
Overdrive Unit Behind Transmission
Call 584-6591
Services
Hauling off Appliances, Scrap Metal, and Water Heaters For Free
Call 220-0777
Items For Giveaway
17-Inch Tires for Truck
Call 586-2884
BEIJING (AP) — China's auto sales were flat in November compared with a year earlier, leaving total purchases in the world's biggest market up an anemic 1.9 percent for the first 11 months of 2017, an industry group reported Monday.
Chinese drivers bought 2.6 million sedans, SUVs and minivans, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Total vehicle sales, including trucks and buses, edged up 0.7 percent to just under 3 million vehicles.
Chinese auto sales have struggled this year after a temporary tax cut boosted 2016's growth to 15 percent. Sales contracted in April and May before growing feebly in recent months.
That weakness is a setback for global automakers that look to China to drive future revenue, though some have grown faster than the market, taking share from Chinese and other rivals.
In November, SUV sales rose 8.9 percent over a year earlier to 11 million, while sedan purchases shrank 4.8 percent to 12.2 million. For the first 11 months of the year, sales totaled 22.1 million.
Chinese demand has weakened as economic growth slowed and Beijing and other major cities tightened restrictions on ownership to curb smog and congestion.
Sales by Chinese domestic brands overall rose 5 percent to 1.2 million vehicles, according to CAAM. Their share of the market expanded by 1.6 percentage points to 45.8 percent.
— General Motors Co., which competes with Volkswagen AG for the status of China's most popular automaker, said sales by the company and its Chinese manufacturing partners rose 13 percent from a year earlier to 418,225 vehicles.
— Ford Motor Co. sales fell 8 percent to 117,593 vehicles. Year-to-date sales were off 6 percent at just under 1.1 million.
— Nissan Motor Co., the most popular Japanese brand in China, said monthly sales rose 21.8 percent to 165,384 vehicles. Sales through November were up 12 percent at 1.3 million.
— Toyota Motor Co. sales gained 9.9 percent to 109,600. Year-to-date sales grew 10.7 percent to 1.2 million.
— BMW AG said November sales rose 12 percent to 55,293 vehicles. Year-to-date sales were up 14.7 percent to 542,362.
___
China Association of Automobile Manufacturers: www.caam.org.cn
GIRLS
Sam Houston 17, Castle Heights 11
Keeli Davis fired in five points for Sam Houston while Rolandria Dowell and Alyssa Horne each finished with four and Madison Huggins and Macie Miller two apiece.
Takisia Hastings had eight points for Castle Heights while Chelsey Goodloe tossed in two and Liz Thompson a free throw.
Lucy Lea and Alyssa Wood each fired in four fifth-period points for Sam Houston.
Coles Ferry 25, Byars Dowdy 6
Alyssa Whittaker tossed in 12 points for Coles Ferry while Lydia Deffendall scored six; Lyla Adams, Alyissa Williamson and Emily Williams two each and Azaria Jeter a free throw.
Zoe Kirby finished with four points and Avah Perry two for Byars Dowdy.
Williams tossed in two fifth-period points for Coles Ferry.
Carroll-Oakland 12, Tuckers Crossroads 9
Kinsley Coleman collected eight points for Carroll-Oakland while Lea Brazelton and Nicole Reed each tossed in two.
Jamie Simms scored seven points and LaDaisha Word two for Tuckers Crossroads.
Minna Gouda finished with four fifth-period points for Tuckers Crossroads.
BOYS
Sam Houston 28, Castle Heights 4
Remaurion Jackson's eight points led Sam Houston while Maddox Hallum scored seven, Antwan Abston and Mason Hallum four each, Dame'on Calloway three and Cooper Hays two.
Jacob Rasinar threw in three points and Cade Thorne a free throw for Castle Heights.
Vatavion Leftridge fired in five points and Jaden Cook four in the fifth quarter for Sam Houston while Jarius Keeley countered with two for Castle Heights.
Coles Ferry 32, Byars Dowdy 7
Markeese Crowell and Jordan Lawson each scored six points for Coles Ferry while Ja'Michael Miitchell finished with five, Malik Humes and Jordan Jewell four apiece; Kalib Gilbert, Connor Jones and Ethan Schweer two each and Brody Royalty a free throw.
Josh Burgett threw in three points for Byars Dowdy while Deshawn Sawyers and Terrell Searcy each scored two.
Trey Johnson fired in four points and Jack Greer two in the fifth quarter for Coles Ferry while Edgar Vega countered with two for Byars Dowdy.
Carroll-Oakland 38, Tuckers Crossroads 6
Avery Harris tossed in 12 points for Carroll-Oakland while Brody Reasonover added eight, Carson Fox seven, Carson Teel five, Peyton Laws four and Cash Williams two.
Carter Bass and Logan Hackett each threw in three for Tuckers Crossroads.
Carroll-Oakland's Garry Owens and Tuckers Crossroads' Colt Jackson each tossed in two fifth-period points.
Lebanon city league results
Results from last Thursday's Lebanon Junior/Senior Pro Basketball League games played at the Harold Dean Greer Recreation Center:
6-7 BOYS AND GIRLS
Red 9, Gold 8
Peyton Webb fired in four points for the Red while Tre Burford and Niken Walker each tossed in two and Jaden Fugate a free throw.
Jaiden Goldsmith and Mason Seaborn each fired in four for the Gold.
Orange 16, Gray 10
Jase Atwood and Harper Haskins each scored six points for the Orange while Cami Dockins and Canaan Rozell tossed in two apiece.
Eli Spurlock and Ronaldo White each finished with four points and Gabriel Ramkissoon two for the Gray.
11-BOYS
Blue 24, Gold 12
Jacob Blankenship threw in 13 points for the Blue while Thomas Curley scored seven and Anthony Crowell four.
Damrcus Thompson scored seven points and Abe Goolsby five for the Gold.
The Play: The Farndale Avenue Housing Estate Townswomen's Guild Dramatic Society's Production of Macbeth: A Comedy, written by David McGillivray, Walter Zerlin Jr., and William Shakespeare, presented by New Stage/London Community Players, directed by Kaitlyn Rietdyke.
The Show: The ladies of the Farndale Avenue Housing Estate Townswomen's Guild Dramatic Society tackle the Bard with this original production of Macbeth, staged to get them to the Welwyn Garden City Local Area Drama Finals. Though circumstances conspire against them, on the night they're adjudicated by Mr. Peach, no amount of malfunctioning lights, mislaid props or missing actors will keep them from finishing the accursed Scottish Play. The play was originally written for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and the shows of the Farndale Avenue Series have become a treat for theatre veterans and novices alike. This production is performed by the participants of the first cycle of New Stage, the London Community Players' training program for adults with little to no on-stage experience.
Quote: “The New Stage program allows us to take time to really get into the world of the show and grow and learn together through workshops and rehearsals. The farce that's created by the Farndale world lets them attack a classic Shakespeare play without the added pressure of having to perform it with any semblance of classical technique. When the Farndale Avenue Dramatic Society performs a show, despite their best intentions, everything that could possibly go wrong, does. The result is a hilarious assault on a revered classic.”
– Director Kaitlyn Rietdyke.
jbelanger@postmedi.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
IF YOU GO
What: The Farndale Avenue Housing Estate Townswomen's Guild Dramatic Society's Production of Macbeth: A Comedy
Where: The Palace Theatre's Procunier Hall, 710 Dundas St. E.
When: Thursday through Saturday and July 11-14, 8 p.m.; Sunday, 2 p.m.
Tickets: Adults $28, senior/students $26, youth $15, group of 10 or more, $18, Thursday preview $18 available at the box office, online at www.palacetheatre.ca, or by calling 519-432-1029
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - For the fifth year in a row, Las Vegas super eater Miki Sudo took top prize at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, downing 37 franks and buns in 10 minutes amid stifling humidity at the annual seaside competition.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
On the men's side, 10-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men for the coveted Mustard Belt later Wednesday.
Sudo, 32, was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
George Shea, the longtime host of the annual Brooklyn eat-off, quipped that Sudo was particular about the temperature and amount of water she uses while competing.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
By Kiara Allen:
A new leader has taken over the Amarillo College Police Department as the college's first female police chief.
After obtaining multiple AC degrees, completing the Law Enforcement Academy, and spending eight years doing various police work, Stephanie Birkenfeld is back at AC to revamp and clean up the Police Department.
“I saw opportunity to be able to lead the department in a new direction and make a difference in how our officers are viewed and how they feel about their jobs,” Birkenfeld said.
Birkenfeld said that working in a male dominated profession has never affected her work ethic and she has not had any problems maintaining authority.
Students said they are happy to see a woman in this traditionally male position. “I am so pleased that AC has a woman as the chief of police. I think it is sad that it's taken so long, but I suppose late is better than never. The fact that nobody has made a big deal out of her position is appealing because it shows that she has the same amount of respect as any other man who has been in her position,” Macey Gibaszek, an education major, said.
Since Jan. 1, Birkenfeld has already applied for and received state funding to cover the cost of 11 new rifle-resistant vests, matching the number of officers employed by the college.
Birkenfeld replaced the previous chief, Steve Chance, who retired at the end of 2017.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Police say two women, including one in a wheelchair, have been found dead with gunshot wounds to their heads inside a Philadelphia home.
Police say they were met by a person at the door of the home late Monday night.
A 66-year-old woman in the wheelchair was found on the first floor, and a 44-year-old woman was found on the second floor. Both were pronounced dead at the scene.
The person who let officers into the home is being questioned as a witness.
No names have been released.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Japan will send its helicopter carrier the Kaga on a two-month journey to the South China Sea and the Indian Ocean next September, the Reuters news agency reported Wednesday.
The move is seen as countering Chinese aspirations in the area, especially its aggressive posture on disputed islands in South East Asia.
Reuters quoted two unnamed Japanese officials as saying the Kaga's tour served to underline “a free and open Indo-Pacific,” with stops planned in Indonesia, India and Sri Lanka.
The Kaga is a 248-meter-long helicopter carrier designed as a destroyer with anti-submarine capabilities. The ship, launched only last year, is as large as any Japanese aircraft carrier during the Second World War, Reuters reported.
Tokyo reportedly wants to make the journey a regular annual occasion, as last year it sent the Kaga's sister ship, the Izumo, on a similar tour.
For this year's event, an escort ship will accompany the helicopter carrier while joint drills with navies from regional countries were likely, Reuters said.
Kiely rues wides and inconsistency 17 April 2017
Limerick manager John Kiely.
©INPHO/Tommy Dickson. Limerick manager John Kiely.©INPHO/Tommy Dickson.
John Kiely was left ruing a tally of 17 wides and a lack of consistency after his Limerick side was put to the sword by Galway in yesterday's Allianz Hurling League semi-final.
"Things just didn't happen for them out on the field there today. I can't put my finger on exactly why that was," he is quoted as saying in the Irish Independent.
"We put a lot of effort in over the last few weeks building up to this game. That is the challenge for Limerick hurling, to put successive performances together. That would have been a bit easier with a more mature bunch of players, but it is a challenge at the moment for this particular group. We are going to work on it in the next couple of weeks coming into the championship."
The Limerick manager continued: "We have a load of positives we can take from this. We are doing really well. We are disappointed with that performance, but it's one we won't be long putting to bed and leaving behind us.
"When you are playing against a side of that quality, playing that well, I don't think there is any shame in coming off having been beaten by 10 points, but at the same time we hit 17 wides. There were plenty of opportunities there for us to narrow that gap. With 15 minutes to go there were only three points in it."
Kiely admitted that the Treaty County struggled to cope with Galway's physicality.
"They are a really tough side to play against. They will chase you down, they will hold you up, they will turn you around, they will dispossess you. They will turn you over so many times and I guarantee our turnover rate is high. They have so many players on the field who are able to cover the ground and are physically strong. They are further down the road than we are.
"This is a team beaten by Tipperary by a point in the All-Ireland semi-final last year and they probably feel aggrieved that they didn't win an All-Ireland," he added.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list before Wednesday's game.
"It felt great being out there," Eovaldi said. "I was so focused on just getting that first out. After I got it, the emotions kind of got to me. I was a little nervous out there. Then I was able to regroup and slow back down."
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman.
"I think we pushed him about as much as we wanted to," Cash said.
Font then came in and retired Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder, then retired the next three batters.
That was all the offence the A's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games.
"Honestly, those guys over there, they're pitching great," Oakland shortstop Chad Pinder said. "Those guys aren't a walk in the park, and they're locating and they're making all their pitches work. Hitting's hard enough as it is."
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May, the second-lowest average in the majors.
STRUGGLING SEAN
Manaea allowed four runs in five innings. After going 4-1 with 1.00 ERA through his first six starts that included the majors' first no-hitter this season on Apri 21, the big left-hander has been in a tailspin.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Athletics: INF Marcus Semien was placed on the paternity leave list before the game. Pinder started at shortstop in Semien's absence. RHP Josh Lucas was called up from Triple-A Nashville. ... RHP Liam Hendriks began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville.
UP NEXT
Tampa Bay RHP Ryne Stanek (1-0, 3.24 ERA) will make his second career start, three days after getting a win coming out of the bullpen. RHP Daniel Mengden (5-4, 2.85) goes for Oakland.
___
More AP baseball:https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Michael Wagaman, The Associated Press
LEIPZIG, Germany (AP) — Bundesliga runner-up Leipzig has signed Portuguese winger Bruma from Turkish side Galatasaray.
Leipzig says the 22-year-old Bruma, whose full name is Armindo Tue Na Bangna, is getting a five-year deal to June 2022.
Leipzig sporting director Ralf Rangnick says, "Bruma fits perfectly in our game with his footballing and physical capabilities. He is quick, strong technically and he has an attacking mindset."
Bruma scored 15 goals and set up 20 more in 84 competitive games for Galatasaray.
Leipzig signed French defender Ibrahima Konate from Sochaux on Monday, and German forward Nils Quaschner from Bochum in May. Swiss goalkeeper Yvon Mvogo has also been signed from Young Boys Bern.
The sun is about to spill some of its secrets, maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos. And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century.
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that's vital to Earth. They'll look from the ground, using telescopes, cameras, binoculars and whatever else works. They'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space. And in between, they'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
"We expect a boatload of science from this one," said Jay Pasachoff, a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds.
Scientists will focus on the sun, but they will also examine what happens to Earth's weather, to space weather, and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun. The moon's shadow will sweep along a narrow path, from Oregon to South Carolina.
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation, the federal government is spending about $7.7 million on next Monday's eclipse. One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide "live footage from the edge of space" during the eclipse.
But it's not just the professionals or students. NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do.
"Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data," said Matt Penn, an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson, Arizona.
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE. More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way. The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun's edge.
Mike Conley, a Salem, Oregon, stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes, jumped at the chance to be part of the science team.
"Who knows? Maybe a great secret will come of this, the mysteries of the sun will be revealed, because we're doing something that's never been done before and we're getting data that's never been seen before," he said. "A big discovery will come and everybody will say, 'Hey, we were part of that!'"
You don't need to have telescopes to help out. You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you. You can go to a zoo, like the Nashville Zoo, where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing. The University of California, Berkeley, is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017, hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers.
Even with all the high-tech, high-flying instruments now available, when it comes to understanding much of the sun's mysteries, nothing beats an eclipse, said Williams College's Pasachoff. That's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes can't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown, or corona. Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun, but they can't do it as well as the moon, he said.
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse. It's the sun's outer atmosphere where space weather originates, where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations. The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why.
"It's ironic that we've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view," said Fred " Mr. Eclipse " Espenak, a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency.
And they learn other things, too. Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — wasn't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868, Espenak said.
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics.
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when he proposed his general theory of relativity, a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time. It explains the motion of planets, black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies.
Einstein couldn't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse. During a 1919 eclipse, Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending, something that couldn't be done without the moon's shadow eclipsing the sun.
"It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe," said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee, a former planetarium director. "Bang. Right there."
———
Associated Press writer Gillian Flaccus in Oregon contributed to this report.
———
Follow AP's coverage of the total solar eclipse here
———
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears and his work can be found here .
NER's first Managing Editor, M. Robin Barone, remembers “Grace-Notes from Sicily” by Walter Arndt, an essay published in NER 1.3 (1979).
I came on as Managing Editor of New England Review when the magazine was little more than an idea. I had never been a managing editor, let alone a founding managing editor, but I had been editor-in-chief of my high school newspaper, was getting my degree in English from Dartmouth College, and was too young to know that this project was far beyond my capabilities. As we got the magazine started, working very long hours, often seven days a week, we were helped and mentored by many generous people, especially Paula Dietz and Fred Morgan at the Hudson Review.
It was intense, but it was also exciting and sometimes hilariously funny—like the time we found ourselves trying to convince the United States Postal Service that our IRS 501(c)(3) designation did, in fact, entitle us to the nonprofit rate for mailings. We went to Boston for an appointment with some higher-up at the USPS headquarters on Milk Street and spent hours in that building shuffling from one office to another. The more people we talked to, the more convinced we were that the enormous USPS Manual existed solely to perpetuate itself, and there was no way on earth we were going to get through its maze of rules and regulations to the designation we so badly needed.
Finally, as we were waiting in an empty office for the umpteenth official to meet with us, a sheepish slip of a man we'd never seen snuck into the room, turned the pages of the ever-present Postal Manual, pointed wordlessly to a subsection under a category we had never considered trying, and slunk out of the room. When the official whose office it was joined us, we suggested to him that we had erred in our application, and that this was category under which we should have applied for the nonprofit mailing rate. We were approved, almost unwillingly, and left the building in high spirits. We walked out into the bright sunshine of a suddenly glorious day—and straight into a procession led by a camel! A live camel, walking down the middle of Milk Street, in downtown Boston. Somehow, it just fit with the morning's events.
Maybe that trip into the bizarre world of the postal service is the reason Walter Arndt's essay came to mind when I was asked for a particularly memorable piece from the magazine. His “Grace-Notes from Sicily” is a delicious send-up of the Italian postal service in Taormina. He likens the atmosphere in the post office to “the imperturbable, barely undulating calm of a multivascular aquarium inhabited by five graves, not unkindly but profoundly preoccupied fish.” The essay goes on to describe the various maneuverings of the fish as an unwary client tries to send a package of books to himself in Turkey.
Nearly forty years after first reading it, I still laugh out loud at Arndt's wonderful prose. Walter was a true man of letters, a world-renowned scholar and translator of German, Russian, and Polish. He could speak more than seventeen languages, and once broke my husband's heart by telling Sydney—who had gone to Walter for help with learning Hungarian—that no one could learn Hungarian, not even the Hungarians. Walter said he himself had tried, and had failed.
Despite holding post-graduate degrees in Business Administration, Political Science and Economics, Engineering, and Comparative Literature, Walter Arndt was a gentle and humble man. He was sweet and funny and generous to the end of his life, and this piece offers anyone who reads it a glimpse into his very lovely mind.
P.S. Why the camel? It was bearing a sign, advertising the opening of a new Middle Eastern restaurant.
“Grace-Notes from Sicily” by Walter Arndt
BUY the BACK ISSUE (1.3)
**
M. Robin Barone, a 1978 Dartmouth College graduate, is one of the founding editors of New England Review, serving as its Managing Editor from 1977 to 1982. After leaving NER, she attended Vermont Law School, graduating summa cum laudein 1986. She married Sydney Lea in 1983; they have five children. Barone is an attorney-mediator, an adjunct professor of law at Vermont Law School, on the board of a number of nonprofit organizations, and Chair of the Newbury Village Trustees.
Chelsea announced on Monday that skipper and club legend John Terry will end his 22-year association with the capital football club at the end of the season after his contract expires.
Since his debut with the first team in 1998, Terry has worn Chelsea's jersey in 713 matches, in which he has scored 66 goals, reports Efe.
In a statement released on the club's website, Chelsea said: “John Terry and Chelsea Football Club jointly announce our captain will leave the club at the end of the season.”
“Everybody at Stamford Bridge would like to express our enormous gratitude to John and wish him the very best of luck for the future,” the club added.
Terry, who spent most of his career at the London side, said: “After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club.
“From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough. There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks.”
Commenting on his future plans, the 36-year-old said: “I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season.”
The centre-back concluded by saying that he has always had a fantastic relationship with the club, which he said “will continue beyond my playing days”.
Terry, Chelsea's most decorated player, won 14 major honours with the Blues, including one Champions League trophy, four English Premier Leagues (EPL) titles, one Europa League, five FA Cups and three League Cups.
The statement added that both the club and Terry look ahead to the possibility of him returning to hold other positions off the field.
“He is, as the famous banner reads, our captain, leader, legend, and we wish John the very best of luck in the next chapter of his magnificent career,” the club said.
A young woman takes a walk with her toddler in Tashkent's Eco Park in mid-September. While Tashkent residents tend to be hopeful about the authorities' city redevelopment plans, some watchdogs and activists are raising questions about contract allocation practices, environmental issues, as well as the government's overall top-down approach. (Photo: Joanna Lillis)
Try surfing in landlocked Uzbekistan? Or maybe check out the dolphinarium in Tashkent, a city 2,000 kilometers away from the nearest ocean? Why not?
These are some of the more colorful aspects of an ambitious plan to transform the Uzbek capital's Navoi National Park into a more people-friendly venue. The plan also includes construction of a flashy shopping mall and an amusement park.
Elsewhere, this kind of development might be run of the mill, but in Uzbekistan it marks a noteworthy departure. The apparent priority for Tashkent under President Islam Karimov, who died in September 2016, was to deter large groups of people from gathering in any one spot, even if merely for leisure. Roads were closed off as a security measure, trees were chopped down along a once-shaded, popular pedestrian thoroughfare, and traffic ground to a halt for 30 minutes each day as Karimov's motorcade sped between his city center office and his countryside residence.
Money is pouring into this urban renewal initiative, which has been given the nod by the reform-minded President Shavkat Mirziyoyev.
While Tashkent residents tend to be hopeful about the plans, some watchdogs and activists are raising questions about how the lucrative contracts for the makeover are being awarded, as well as who decides what is done.
“They've already selected the implementing contractor without any kind of tendering process,” Alisher Ilkhamov, an Uzbekistan analyst at the Open Society Foundations' London office, told EurasiaNet.org, adding that officials developed the plans without receiving outside input. “It's another example of a kind of opaque deal which has been done behind closed doors, which is one done without any kind of consultation with the population.”
The company chosen by the authorities to lead the Navoi Park redevelopment is Stargate Systems. A search on the internet for this firm leads to Uzbekistan's AKFA group, a conglomerate with wide-ranging interests in construction, door frames and fittings, and light bulbs.
Stargate Systems, which is reportedly investing some $60 million into the project, was forced into the limelight after an online backlash from environmental campaigners and animal rights activists, who have railed against not only the tendering process, but also the potential for the cutting down of trees and the exploitation of dolphins.
“We took our concept to the city administration and the culture department, outlining the amount of investments, all the stages. The project was studied and approved,” AKFA's financial director Kamola Mirzaaliyeva, who is also managing the Navoi Park project, told Gazeta.uz in Tashkent on September 21 at a hastily arranged news conference to calm the online storm.
“We have absolutely no intention of cutting down all the trees in the park,” Mirzaaliyeva said in a bid to reassure green activists. Mirzaaliyeva even promised her company would plant more trees.
No mention was made at the news conference of any other tenders that City Hall had received for the park redevelopment project.
While Ilkhamov welcomed this online “awakening of public opinion” — which observers say would have been impossible under Karimov's repressive regime — he noted that there are no “nongovernmental organizations operating on the ground which would raise these issues and negotiate with the government.”
A stroll around Tashkent reveals that the atmosphere in Central Asia's most populous city has become noticeably more relaxed in the year since Karimov's death. On a balmy Saturday evening in the middle of September, crowds of young people filled a landscaped area of fountains and benches to the west of the grandiose white marble Palace of Forums, built by a firm associated with Gulnara Karimova — the disgraced daughter of the late president.
Some of Tashkent's once rundown public spaces have been given facelifts. For example, the former zoo, which was originally home to the Czarist-era Governor General's private menagerie, has taken on a new existence as an Eco Park. The zoo's entrance, shaped like a stylized concrete elephant, is the sole reminder of its erstwhile role.
“It's a unique park in the city. No other park looks like this one. It's pretty, a very green park that has a nice pond and all kinds of places for people of various ages, for children, for adults,” Tashkent businessman Dilshod (not his real name), who was visiting the park with his nine-year-old son, told EurasiaNet.org.
After the zoo closed its doors in the 1990s, the site was abandoned for two decades before being repurposed earlier this year. Now it hosts Tashkent's first dedicated bike path, a walking path and paid-for attractions, including tennis and badminton courts, a space for yoga, an outdoor gym and a beach volleyball pitch.
At the heart of the park is the “Island of Love”, accessible only by paying a fee to the park administration. A lone couple in a rowboat having a photo-shoot were the only takers on the Saturday evening EurasiaNet.org was visiting.
Another ambitious project is Tashkent City, a collection of futuristic high-rise residential and commercial buildings that authorities hope will send a signal to the world that Uzbekistan is well and truly open for business. This project poses a sterner test for city officials as to how they incorporate public input. Unlike reconstructing a park or opening roads, this scheme entails clearing a whole residential area in the city center and rehousing the inhabitants before construction can begin.
Mirziyoyev has declared 2017 the year of “dialogue with the people.” Yet the public grumbling over the Navoi Park redevelopment plan indicates that his administration is on a steep learning curve when it comes to ensuring dialogue is indeed a two-way process.
Nevertheless, many in Tashkent are happy to see signs that the authorities are thinking about how to make their city more livable for ordinary people – even if the implementation so far seems mostly top-down. “I'm very happy that the president initiated all this construction of parks, roads, houses. I think everyone is glad about it,” said Dilshod.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Former Kenyan Vice President Kalonzo Musyoka says gunshots were fired at his home and a grenade detonated in what was "an assassination attempt."
Musyoka told The Associated Press by phone Wednesday the attack occurred hours after his police security was withdrawn and he had been blocked from attending a mock inauguration of opposition leader Raila Odinga protesting President Uhuru Kenyatta's new term after months of deadly election turmoil.
Musyoka was to take the oath as Odinga's deputy president in the mock inauguration.
The opposition successfully challenged the August election in court, claiming vote-rigging, but boycotted a fresh election in October, claiming a lack of electoral reforms.
Kenya's government cut transmission of three TV channels airing live broadcasts of the Odinga inauguration Tuesday.
Transcript for Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman speaks out on North Korea
president's top military adviser arriving in South Korea for the first time since tensions escalated between the north and the U.S. Reporter: The general met with South Korea's president saying the U.S. Is looking for a peaceful resolution but military options are being prepared if deterrents fail. Tomorrow is a significant day with North Korea hitting a deadline for its proposed plan to fire missiles around Guam. I talked to general Dunford just moments ago about that. Are you more nervous than with their usual rhetoric because they were so specific? Martha, I don't know how serious the threat S I don't know if they're going to do what they say they're going to do but we're not complacent about it. Reporter: Dunford said if North Korea fires missiles at Guam it will be up to President Trump to decide how exactly the U.S. Would respond. David. All right, Martha Raddatz in Seoul as always, we appreciate Martha's reporting. A lot going on in the world. Tense times.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A Santa Clara County judge has dismissed a rape charge against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after prosecutors said the woman who made the allegation refused to testify.
Judge David A. Cena dismissed the charge — one count of rape of an intoxicated person — on Monday. Santa Clara County prosecutor Chris Lamiero said in a statement he tried to convince the victim to testify, but she refused.
The woman said she slipped and fell on a pool deck at McDonald's San Jose home in December 2014 and continued to fall after that because of her initial head injury and alcohol consumption. She accused McDonald of carrying her upstairs to his bedroom and sexually assaulting her.
McDonald faced a maximum of eight years in prison.
Getty Image
The NBA is changing. The jerseys are changing. The Draft Lottery is changing. The All-Star Game is changing. When you consider the fact that the NBA has never been more profitable than it is right now, it's easy to appreciate how aggressive they've been in trying to make the game better. It'd be a lot easier to sit back and ride out their recent success, but Adam Silver deserves a lot of credit for continuing to innovate and evolve.
You've probably heard by now that the NBA is moving towards a captain and draft format for the All-Star game. It's a fun idea in theory, but we'll have to wait until All-Star Weekend until we find out if it makes the on-court product any better. If it doesn't work out, though, Enes Kanter has a new All-Star Game format that both Silver and the NBA should strongly consider.
Funny line/suggestion from Enes Kanter on the new All Star format: "One team all-hoodies versus one team that believes the earth is flat." — Ian Begley (@IanBegley) October 6, 2017
Team Flat Earthy Theory vs. Team Hoodie? Yes. Yes, please.
Steven Spielberg recently said that Netflix films should be classified as ‘TV movies' but Mike Newell doesn't agree.
The veteran British director, known for Four Weddings and a Funeral, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire and Donnie Brasco, thinks that it shouldn't matter what size of screen someone watches a movie on as it's the art that matters.
Newell himself began his career at Granada television, as he explains in the video above, and said it's because of that background that has tailored his opinion on filmmaking.
“The whole business of selecting stuff, which is what the screen does, it's almost how much does the size of the screen matter?” the director told Yahoo Movies. “I'm never sure whether I take anyone seriously who have to make their films in 70mm, I don't care!
Lily James stars as Juliet Ashton in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Scoeity More
“I wish they would invent a sort of bigger, better form of 3D…but apart from that I don't really care about size, it's fine.”
Newell will obviously hope that you see his new film, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, in cinemas when it's released this Friday. He returned to feature filmmaking after six years to make this period dramedy set just after World War II and the Nazi Occupation of Guernsey.
By Ankur Banerjee
(Reuters) - The American Cancer Society on Wednesday recommended that people at average risk of colorectal cancer start regular screening at the age of 45 rather than at 50, at a time when studies show a rise in cases of the disease among younger individuals.
The new ACS guideline https://www.cancer.org/cancer/colon-rectal-cancer/detection-diagnosis-staging/acs-recommendations.html also recommends people, who are in good health and with a life expectancy of more than 10 years, should continue regular colorectal cancer screening through the age of 75.
The guideline suggests screening either through a high sensitivity stool-based test or visual examination such as colonoscopy that snakes a tiny camera through the rectum to view the colon to search for abnormal tissue growth.
Shares of diagnostic company Exact Sciences Corp, which makes Cologuard devices that helps detect colorectal cancer, jumped more than 10 percent after the guideline was revealed.
The move comes as a study https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.3322/caac.21457 showed that there has been a marked increase in colorectal cancer incidence, particularly rectal cancer, among younger individuals.
"While we commend the ACS for its forward thinking ... we do not believe this will necessarily be a big driver of Cologuard volume upside for Exact Sciences in the near term," William Blair analyst Brian Weinstein said.
Weinstein noted that Cologuard is currently approved for colon cancer screening for people between the ages of 50 and 84, adding that the company would need to run a separate trial for lower age groups.
Exact Sciences Chief Executive Officer Kevin Conroy said Cologuard is a cheaper way to screen younger people.
"First we need to do clinical work to establish the safety and efficacy of Cologuard in that population," Conroy told Reuters.
Colorectal cancer is the third-leading cause of cancer-related deaths in men and women in the United States and is expected to cause about 50,630 deaths during 2018.
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, a non-partisan advocacy affiliate of ACS, said it intends to officially recommend reconsideration of a guideline from U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF).
Currently, USPSTF, a government-backed independent panel that assesses the evidence for medical procedures, recommends screening from the age of 50.
USPSTF's 2016 recommendation was based on a review of the available evidence on benefits and harms of colorectal cancer screening, USPSTF Chairwoman Sue Curry said.
"At the time of the Task Force's review, there was limited data on screening adults younger than age 50."
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
AP Photo/Gerald Herbert
The first signal that Adam Silver was more enlightened than the average commissioner came just months into his reign when he broke ranks with other sports leagues by calling for the legalization of sports betting. Not only that, the NBA commissioner suggested later, but the league wouldn't mind joining in the profits that nationwide legalized betting might bring. Bold stuff, considering the NBA had for decades been in lockstep with Major League Baseball and the NFL in the belief that sports betting could destroy their empires. While baseball is now coming in line with a new way of thinking, Roger Goodell notably continues to rant about the evils of sports betting. That Silver is not afraid to tackle social issues is also reflected in the decision to move this weekend's All-Star Game out of Charlotte because of the North Carolina law limiting protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people. Agree with him or not, it's hard to imagine the NFL taking such a stand – especially when it might lose some money because of it. Three years into his tenure, Silver is on a roll. The NBA Finals last year were the most watched in nearly 20 years, the league has a new national television deal that is ridiculously lucrative, and there is a new agreement with players that guarantees labor peace for at least six years. Owners are happily counting their growing profits. Players are ecstatic over contracts that could pay them more than $40 million a year. To top it off, Silver even managed – at least temporarily – to keep Knicks owner James Dolan from making even more of a fool of himself than he has already in his dustup with former player Charles Oakley. Good times indeed, as the best players in the league prepare to gather in New Orleans for the All-Star Game that was taken from Charlotte. There's a lot to celebrate for both players and owners in a league that is not only healthy but thriving. Some of that came about because both players and owners realized only they can kill the golden goose that continues to provide well for both. The new labor agreement signed a few weeks ago ensures that players will continue to get about half of each team's basketball revenue in salaries, while the owners will see their franchises go up in value. Assuming it runs for the full seven-year length, the NBA will go for at least 13 years without any real labor issues. Revenues keep going up, and both owners and players seem to be satisfied with their share of a pie that keeps getting bigger. Meanwhile, the NBA is not haunted by concussions like the NFL. It's not tainted by steroids, like baseball. And the entertainment value on the court is at a level probably not seen since Magic Johnson and Larry Bird squared off against each other three decades ago. Yes, there are still issues to address. Officiating is one of them, in a league where it's difficult to know just what a foul is despite efforts to be more transparent about calls late in games. Too many teams have no shot year after year at making the playoffs, which themselves have become somewhat predictable. Ticket prices are scary high, and it remains to be seen whether the $2.6 billion a year television package is sustainable in an era of cord cutting. It's also hard to give Silver a pat on the back for changing the name of the development league to the NBA Gatorade League and for allowing ads to creep onto uniform fronts. And while Silver wants to be out front on the sports betting issue, there is still no one outside of Nevada legally betting on NBA games and no indication that will happen anytime soon. But the NBA seems to be in good hands in a commissioner who learned a lot working under his predecessor, David Stern. That was evident on Monday when Silver moved quickly to get Oakley and Dolan in his office and, with an assist from Hall of Famer Michael Jordan, thrashed out a detente of sorts between the former player and the Knicks owner. As NBA problems go, the spat between Oakley and Dolan was more of a sideshow than anything. Both bear some blame for the altercation, though it was Dolan who escalated it by issuing a ban on Oakley attending Knicks games and suggesting that he had anger issues or alcohol problems. It could have been another distraction at the All-Star Game that no one wanted. But Silver moved quickly to make sure it wasn't, just as he moved quickly to move the game from Charlotte when it became clear the law was not going to be changed. This weekend, the focus will be on the best players in the world, as it should always be. But forgive the commissioner if he's called to take a little bow, too. — Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at tdahlberg@ap.org or http://twitter.com/timdahlberg
Comments
comments
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre revealed that she's fighting high-grade cancer, sending shock waves across the country. The following developments come in after Irrfan Khan was diagnosed with NeuroEndocrine Tumour.
On Wednesday, the country was left shocked after Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre revealed that she's fighting high-grade cancer. The actor who was last seen judging a TV reality show — India's Best Draamebaaz — is currently in New York where she is getting her treatment done. Sonali Bendre broke the news of her suffering from high-grade cancer by taking to her social media handle and stated that it was the love and support from her family and fans that are giving her the strength to fight the battle against cancer. The following developments come in after Irrfan Khan was diagnosed with NeuroEndocrine Tumour. While the fans are still trying to digest the cancer reports, most are curious about the ‘high-grade' cancer which the actress is suffering from.
Let us help you in decoding the types of cancer, their various symptoms and also how they can be avoided. Now, let's start with the type of cancer which Sonali Bendre is suffering from, high-grade cancer.
Now, what is high-grade cancer? It is particularly a term that is used to describe the abnormal cells and tissues under a microscope. The high-grade cancer is said to be more dangerous as compared to low-grade cancer because under high-grade the cancer cells spread and grow faster than low-grade cells.
Experts suggest that cancer grade may be used to determine the prognosis and planned treatment. Also, since high-grade cancer have bad prognosis it requires immediate and aggressive treatment.
Now, coming back to square one, what is cancer? The growth of abnormal cells anywhere inside a human body is called cancer. The abnormal cells are termed as cancer cells or tumor cells. Many abnormal cells that result in the formation of cancer tissue are mostly identified by the names from the tissue they originate from like breast cancer, lung cancer and others.
Talking about the risk factors and the causes of cancer, anything that causes a normal human body cell to develop abnormally may result in cancer. While some of the causes of cancer still remain unknown, other reasons for cancer are said to the lifestyle of the person, the environment he/she lives in. Some of the other factors that may cause cancer are excessive chemical exposures, ionizing radiations, pathogens, pathogens and genetics.
As per the American Cancer Society, seven signs and symptoms that prove the presence of cancer in a human body. Some of the symptoms are thickening or lump in the breast, testicles or elsewhere, ingestion or problems in swallowing. Some of the other symptoms include change in shape and size of a mole, change in bladder habits and unusual bleeding or discharge.
Read More
Royal Canadian Legion Branch 56 in Port Colborne will be taking time next Friday to remember those who served in the Dieppe Raid during the Second World War.
Bob Saracino, second vice-president of Branch 56, described the raid as a battle that taught a valuable lesson and started the ball rolling toward D-Day in 1944, but at a frightful price.
The Dieppe Raid took place 75 years ago on Aug. 19 and involved nearly 5,000 Canadian troops, of which only 2,210 returned to England, many of whom were wounded. Saracino said 907 Canadians lost their lives as a result of the raid.
He said although there is controversy surrounding the Dieppe Raid, he wants to recognize those who fought and sees the day as important because of how it affected the war from that point forward.
The Legion will be having a short ceremony at King George Park, on Clarence Street at Catharine Street, on Aug. 18 at 11:30 a.m., the day before the anniversary of the raid. The public is invited to attend.
Saracino said he will share about the raid and there will be a wreath laying with the colour guard on site.
He said he is looking into whether any Port Colborne residents took part in the battle. While there are a couple names that popped into his head, he wants to confirm the two men did indeed participate in the raid before announcing anything. Should they prove to have been a part of the raid, they will be recognized at the ceremony.
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
Critics denounced Poland's prime minister for making comments during a memorial observance at Auschwitz on Wednesday that appeared to defend her tough anti-migrant policies, saying her words were inappropriate given the location.
Beata Szydlo said that "in today's restless times, Auschwitz is a great lesson showing that everything must be done to protect the safety and life of one's citizens."
The remark was widely understood as a defense of her conservative government's refusal to accept refugees as part of a European Union resettlement plan, a position that prompted the European Commission to launch legal action this week against her government. The Commission also took action against the Czech Republic and Hungary.
Szydlo's ruling party, Law and Justice, initially tweeted her remark but removed the tweet as people expressed shock, accusing her of abusing political memory for political gain.
"Auschwitz must remind us of the need to defend universal human rights, not closing borders to refugees!" said Rafal Pankowski, the head of Never Again, an organization that fights neo-Nazism and other forms of extremism.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Szydlo, who grew up in the town of Oswiecim, where the former death camp is located, made her remarks during a ceremony marking the 77th anniversary of the first transports of Polish prisoners to the camp.
Polish government spokesman Rafal Bochenek says the entirety of Szydlo's speech — which focused on Polish suffering and heroism during World War II — makes clear no ill will was intended.
The Germans murdered an estimated 1.1. a million people at the Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in what was then occupied Poland. Some of the first victims of the camp were Poles who resisted the murderous German occupation of their country, though by war's end most of the people killed there were Jews transported from across Europe.
In a story and photo captions June 13 about the discovery of a shipwreck, The Associated Press reported erroneously the rank of Todd Sokalzuk. He is a Rear Admiral, not a Commander. Also, the story should have made it clear that the Coast Guard could not assign blame to the crash that caused the ship to sink.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Coast Guard ship will linger in century-old watery grave
On the 100th anniversary of a Coast Guard ship's disappearance, the agency says it found the shipwreck off Southern California and plan to leave it there
By LINDA WANG
Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A hundred years ago in a blinding fog, a U.S. Coast Guard ship was sailing off the coast of Southern California when it crashed into a passenger steamship.
The USCGC McCulloch sank within 35 minutes and lingered on the ocean floor undisturbed by people for a century.
On the 100th anniversary of the vessel's June 13, 1917, disappearance, the Coast Guard announced Tuesday that it found the shipwreck — not far from where it went down. And officials plan to leave it there.
Strong currents and an abundance of sediment would make moving the delicate ship too difficult, officials said in detailing the discovery of the San Francisco-based USCGC McCulloch. They also paid tribute to its crews, including two members who died in the line of duty, but not in the crash.
Coast Guard Rear Adm. Todd Sokalzuk called the ship "a symbol of hard work and sacrifice of previous generations to serve and protect our nation" and an important piece of history.
The ship sank shortly after hearing a foghorn nearby and then colliding with the SS Governor, a civilian steamship. The McCulloch's crew was safely rescued and taken aboard the steamship.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Coast Guard discovered the wreck last fall during a routine survey.
Researchers focused on the area of the shipwreck 3 miles (5 kilometers) off Point Conception, California, after noticing a flurry of fish. Sunken ships offer a great place for fish to hide. The site is about 150 miles (240 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles.
Commissioned in the late 1800s, the McCulloch first set out to sea during the Spanish-American War as part of Commodore George Dewey's Asiatic Squadron in the Battle of Manila Bay.
Cutters based in San Francisco in the late 1800s and early 1900s represented American interests throughout the Pacific. They also played important roles in the development of the Western U.S.
After the war, the cutter patrolled the West Coast and later was dispatched to protect fur seals in the Pribilof Islands off the coast of Alaska, where it also served as a floating courtroom in remote areas.
The archaeological remains, including a 15-inch torpedo tube molded into the bow stem and the top of a bronze 11-foot propeller blade, are draped with white anemones 300 feet (90 meters) below the surface, officials said. A 6-pound gun is still mounted in a platform at the starboard bow.
Trains are running normally again at the Rockridge BART station, but police in the area are still searching for a suspect this afternoon.
At a meeting of the Knesset panel Monday, one speaker after the other shot down a proposal to have a religious figure, rabbi or... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah will meet ally Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray with the main agenda of discussions likely to centre around the upcoming presidential election, party officials said here on Thursday.
The meeting will take place at the Thackeray residence, ‘Matoshri' in Bandra east on Sunday during the three-day visit of Shah to Mumbai to celebrate the BJP's three years in power at the Centre under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The meeting assumes significance for the BJP as the Shiv Sena is the most vocal critic of the party, the Prime Minister and also its Maharashtra alliance partner Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis.
In an embarrassment for the ruling BJP, its ally Shiv Sena has virtually joined ranks with the state opposition parties demanding complete loan waiver for farmers and on other major issues confronting the state.
Shah is expected to mollify Thackeray and ensure his support for the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate in the upcoming presidential election.
In fact, even as the Shah-Thackeray ‘summit' was announced on Thursday, the Shiv Sena fired missives at neighbouring Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who is grappling with a farmers' agitation.
The Sena is upset over the Chouhan government's refusal of permission to various opposition parties, including Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi and Gujarat reservations leader Hardik Patel, to meet the families of the victims killed in the recent police firing during the farmers' agitation in Mandsaur.
“This is wrong… If this continues, it could prove damaging for the country's democracy,” the Sena opined in an edit in the party mouthpieces ‘Saamana' and ‘Dopahar Ka Saamana' on Thursday.
Major business and economic events scheduled for Wednesday:
All times are Eastern.
WASHINGTON — National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m.
WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates.
Boeing Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens.
Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes.
Microsoft Corp. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — An Australian official says China uses a different tone in private talks than it used in a recent public statement that demanded Australia take off its "tinted glasses" and take "concrete actions" to improve bilateral ties.
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Secretary Frances Adamson was being questioned by a Senate committee on Thursday on the vastly different accounts that the Australian and China foreign ministers gave of their bilateral meeting on the sidelines of a Group of 20 ministers conference in Argentina last week.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop described her meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi as "very warm and candid and constructive." Wang issued a statement in terse terms.
Australia has been talking down media reports of diplomatic disruptions over Chinese anger at Australian policies.
"I remember Anne Marie going into the locker room and helping her pry open the locker to get all of her stuff out there for her because she had to catch a plane that night to leave town," he said.
Volunteering was a family activity for the D'Amico clan, and over more than 15 years of involvement with the tournament, they became part of a tight-knit group of returning volunteers, Ziv said.
"We got to see her as a young kid and kind of blossoming and grow up," he said.
Abdullah Snobar, who attended Ryerson University with D'Amico, said she had been known as an active student leader with top grades, a wide social circle and an indelible smile that could brighten up any hallway.
"Whether you kept in touch with her very closely or you didn't talk to her for this past year, it just felt like you saw her smile yesterday," he said.
Meanwhile, Seneca College said a female student was also among those killed, but didn't provide further details.
"She was, along with nine others, an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence," college president David Agnew said in a statement. "I want to extend our deepest sympathies to her family and friends."
Another victim of the van attack was identified by Jordan's state-run Petra news agency as Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting family.
The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa confirmed one of its citizens had died but did not provide further details. The news agency said the embassy was helping arrange for Najjar's body to sent back to Jordan.
A South Korean news agency cited government officials as saying two Korean nationals were also among those killed.
By Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a remarkably public clash of wills with the White House, the FBI declared Wednesday it has "grave concerns" about the accuracy of a classified memo on the Russia election investigation that President Donald Trump wants released.
The FBI's short and sharp statement, its first on the issue, laid bare a Trump administration conflict that had previously played out mostly behind closed doors in meetings between top Justice Department and White House officials.
"As expressed during our initial review, we have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy," the FBI said.
Further complicating the memo's release, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee said late Wednesday that his committee's vote to release the memo was now invalid because it was "secretly altered" by Republicans who wrote it. California Rep. Adam Schiff said in a letter to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the panel voted Monday to send it to Trump for review.
"The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release," Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff did not detail the changes, and a spokesman for Nunes did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Trump has five days from the vote to review the document, and if he doesn't object then Congress can release it.
Schiff called for Nunes to withdraw the memo from the White House and for the committee to hold a new vote next Monday.
The memo is part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department in the early stages of the investigation into potential ties between Russia and the 2016 Trump presidential campaign.
The FBI's stance on the memo escalates the dispute and means Trump would be openly defying his hand-picked FBI director by continuing to push for its disclosure. It also suggests a clear willingness by FBI Director Christopher Wray, who in the early stretch of his tenure has been notably low-key, to challenge a president who just months ago fired his predecessor, James Comey.
The FBI statement came the day after Trump was overheard telling a congressman that he "100 percent" supported release of the four-page memo.
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer on Wednesday night placed the blame on House Speaker Paul Ryan, saying that if Ryan "cares about the integrity of the House or the rule of law, he will put an end to this charade once and for all."
Democrats have called the memo a "cherry-picked" list of GOP talking points that attempts to distract from the committee's own investigation into Russian meddling in the election that sent Trump to the White House.
The drama comes as special counsel Robert Mueller also is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia during the campaign and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey.
Under the House committee's rules, the president has five days to object to the memo's release, which the panel voted to authorize Monday. But Trump himself already has urged the release, and it could come sooner. By late Wednesday, it had not yet been settled whether the White House or the committee would handle the actual release.
Earlier this week, Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein made a direct appeal to White House chief of staff John Kelly not to release the memo, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
But the president has been undeterred.
Television cameras captured Trump, on the House floor after the State of the Union address, telling South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan that he backed the release. When Duncan implored him to "release the memo," Trump said: "Oh yeah, don't worry. 100 percent."
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told CNN Wednesday that a legal and national security review of the document was continuing. Trump had not read the memo as "as of last night prior to and immediately after the State of the Union," she said.
White House chief of staff Kelly said Wednesday on Fox News Radio that he expected the memo to be released "pretty quick."
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that he believes the memo will validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department had conspired against him, according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions.
The president also has told allies that he believes the memo bolsters his belief that accusations of collusion between his campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit his election.
On Wednesday afternoon, Nunes fired back at the law enforcement agencies, calling the FBI and Justice Department objections "spurious."
"It's clear that top officials used unverified information in a court document to fuel a counter-intelligence investigation during an American political campaign," Nunes said. "Once the truth gets out, we can begin taking steps to ensure our intelligence agencies and courts are never misused like this again."
Nunes stepped aside from leading the committee's investigation last April amid an ethics investigation into whether he had improperly disclosed classified information. He was later cleared and resumed his leadership role.
The White House counsel's office has been in possession of the memo, officials say. The National Security Council is leading a review, which will also involve the White House legal team.
The vote to release the memo was unprecedented in the committee's history. The panel usually goes out of its way to protect classified information in the interest of shielding intelligence sources and methods.
In the hours before the Monday vote, Rosenstein and Wray warned Kelly that releasing the memo could set a dangerous precedent, according to a person familiar with the conversation. Rosenstein also told Kelly the memo didn't accurately characterize the FBI's investigative practices, the person said.
The Justice Department had said in a letter last week that it would be "extraordinarily reckless" to release the memo without first giving the FBI and the department the chance to review it.
After those complaints, Wray reviewed the memo over the weekend. Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., who was with him when he reviewed the memo, said the FBI director did not raise any national security concerns. Gowdy said the memo doesn't reveal any intelligence methods but does reveal "one source."
___
Associated Press writer Zeke Miller contributed to this report.
___
Read the transcript of the House intelligence committee vote to release the memo: http://apne.ws/Hcizfdo
After a year of delays, the Whirlpool Adventure Course has opened.
The attraction opened to the public this past weekend, and will open on Saturdays and Sundays for the rest of April.
The attraction will open between three-to-five days a week in May and June, before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting June 22.
Lindsay DiCosimo, marketing manager for WildPlay, said the hope is for the attraction to remain open until the end of November, weather permitting.
She said on-site staff training took place Friday.
“There was definitely a positive buzz in the air over the weekend,” she said.
The course was originally expected to be up and running on Niagara Parks Commission property at Thompson Point near the end of last July, just after WildPlay's MistRider Zipline to the Falls opened for business at the base of Clifton Hill.
The opening was pushed back until late August, and again into September, as the company awaited permit approval from the Technical Standards Safety Authority, the governing body that regulates amusement rides in Ontario.
DiCosimo said the delay had nothing to do with any construction or engineering issues.
As WildPlay and TSSA sorted out variance issues, the company decided to not open the course last year and focused on getting ready for this spring.
“Everything is sorted out. We are good to go,” said DiCosimo.
“Right now we have our kids course open ... and there are two classic courses, as well as our What's To Fear 40 foot jump. Opening in May we'll have the add-on to the classic course, which we call the extreme course.”
She said the course is a “great way” for people of all ages to “just get outside and have fun playing together.”
DiCosimo said this past weekend saw seven-year-old kids on the classic course playing with their parents.
“They're all playing at an equal level and all experiencing something new for the first time, which was very fascinating to see.”
She said it was a “relatively quiet” opening weekend at the course because of rain Saturday and heavy winds Sunday.
“We considered it a soft opening. We didn't advertise it. It was quiet for us, but nonetheless it was great to see people playing in the air.”
The adventure course has been described as a playground in the air. It involves a series of suspended obstacles, wobbly bridges, mini zip lines, log ladders, rope swings and cargo nets through which guests can navigate at their own pace. There is also a kids course.
An official grand opening is scheduled for May 19.
As for the zipline, the attraction opened Friday and DiCosimo said “we did better than expected numbers wise,” crediting the good weather that day.
The zipline opened to the public last July 15 and had a “phenomenal year,” she said.
“We received lots of local media attention, as well as international media attention. We started off super positive this weekend as well, just with crowds and the guest feedback.”
DiCosimo said she hopes starting three months earlier will lead to an even stronger year.
“It was a great way to kick off our first full season.”
The zipline attraction will open on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays in April before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting May 1.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
“I've been working in this area for 15 years, and I've never seen anything like this,” Dr. Kebreab said.
His results are still preliminary, and further tests are ongoing. But enteric fermentation has been one of the hardest climate problems to crack, so his team is understandably excited. (In 2015, a different team of researchers showed that a food additive called 3NOP could also reduce methane burps, but unlike seaweed, that technique will require approval by the Food and Drug Administration.)
In 2016, California set a goal of cutting its methane emissions 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. And the state's 1.8 million dairy cows and five million beef cattle, which account for half of California's methane, are a prime target. But so far, state regulators have been focusing on more complex technologies like methane digesters, which can convert cow manure into usable energy. Those machines can cost millions of dollars, and some farmers have been skeptical.
If Dr. Kebreab's research holds up, it could provide farmers with a faster, cheaper alternative. But there's still a lot to explore. His team is testing the milk from their dairy cows to make sure that output doesn't fall, or that the milk doesn't taste odd. The next phase will be testing the seaweed diet on beef cattle over longer time periods to make sure there are no long-term health effects and that it doesn't affect the meat.
If those tests go well, the next step would be to find ways to scale up commercial seaweed farming so that there's enough available for all those cows. That's no easy task.
For now, however, Dr. Kebreab is focused on the early testing phase. One thing he's learned: The cows don't mind the salty seaweed in their feed if it's mixed up with molasses first. “It makes it sweeter,” he said. “They seem to like that.”
Canada wants to avoid a big economic blow from crippling U.S. tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum. Trump has threatened not to extend an exemption for Canada and Mexico that is due to expire Friday.
The tariffs are on top of the tough renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
For the group, said G7 expert John Kirton of the University of Toronto, the growing financial concerns in key countries like Italy will likely be a focal point for the ministers this week — and he expects markets will be looking a clear message from them before the June 7-9 summit.
"We now have, potentially, a mini-global financial crisis on our hands and the finance ministers are going to have to start with that," Kirton said.
"They're going to have to focus on getting the message from Whistler right.... I don't think they ever really imagined they'd have a financial crisis to deal with on the eve."
In addition to Canada, the U.S. and Italy, the other G7 countries are Japan, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Tom Bernes, a former G7 finance deputy who's held senior positions at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, said the ministers will have to wrestle with questions about Italy.
"While the European members will no doubt attempt to provide comforting words, clearly risks to the euro and global economic growth have increased," Bernes, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation, wrote in an email.
The Whistler meetings will also include ministerial sessions to discuss cybersecurity for the financial system, the impacts of technological change on jobs, international tax co-ordination, global economic risks and the role of international organizations in strengthening the world's economy.
When it comes to international bodies, much focus could be on the IMF in Whistler.
Earlier this month, Argentine President Mauricio Macri announced he would seek a financing deal with the IMF after a steep devaluation of his country's currency.
Bernes said he expects G7 ministers will be looking for an update from the IMF on Argentina, which happens to hold this year's G20 presidency. But he added he'd be surprised if any significant conclusions emerge from Whistler since the G20 remains the main forum for economic co-operation.
The ever-shifting trade gyrations involving Washington could surface as another area of dispute in Whistler, particularly with impending U.S. decisions this week on steel, aluminum and automobiles, he added.
"There is a possibility for sparks to fly."
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
By Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
Newcastle fans' hero Alan Shearer has listed Sunderland's support for Bradley Lowery as one of his footballing highlights of the year.
The little boy's story has touched hundreds of thousands of hearts around the world, no more so than here in his native North East where it has seen Newcastle and Sunderland fans set rivalries aside.
...
Now former Newcastle captain Shearer has selected Sunderland's support for Bradley and his family among his highlights of the year.
Writing in The Sun, he said: "The five-year-old Sunderland fan has captured the hearts of the nation in his brave battle against neuroblastoma.
"Ahead of the home game against Chelsea, the Black Cats let him warm up with the players, score a penalty then finally lead them out in the arms of Jermain Defoe.
"Despite his heart-breaking illness, he has an infectious smile and Sunderland have helped to make that wider than ever. They have been a class act."
During a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend, far-right demonstrators including neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members were involved in violent clashes with counter-protesters.
A woman was killed and 19 other people were injured on Saturday when a car ran into a crowd protesting against the rally.
In the wake of the clashes, U.S. President Donald Trump was criticized from all sides for failing to explicitly condemn the white supremacy groups.
The violence comes at a time when hate groups are experiencing growth and higher prominence. According to research from the Southern Poverty Law Center released earlier this year, 917 hate groups were spread out across the U.S. in 2016 compared to 892 in 2015 and 784 in 2014.
Only 457 hate groups existed in the U.S. back in 1999, and their numbers hit an all-time high of 1,018 in 2011:
You will find more statistics at Statista
The organization identified 193 Black Separatist groups, as well as 130 active Ku Klux Klan groups. That is a sharp increase on 2014 when the country's most infamous supremacist organization had 72 groups.
Last year, the U.S. also had 101 anti-Muslim and 100 White Nationalist organizations. 99 neo-Nazi groups were also identified, along with 78 categorized as being Racist Skinhead.
A relatively simple process, but one that ended up involving its fair share of drama.
Sunderland spent yesterday continuing to discuss a potential compensation deal for Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes and his assistant, Tony Docherty.
All had seemed to be progressing well, if a touch slowly, before Aberdeen's new major shareholder addressed the press.
Fresh from selling his software company for close to £600milion last year, lifelong Dons fan Dave Cormack confirmed his major investment and a place on the board only on Tuesday.
A day later, his task was to respond to the fierce speculation over the Pittodrie manager's future, and his response was surprisingly bullish and defiant given how Aberdeen had closed ranks in the previous weeks.
“Derek is 100% focused on the team for next year. He's on vacation just now, but he's not really getting one because he's working with the team on player recruitment,” he said.
“Derek is under contract at Aberdeen for two years. He and his family are happy here, no team has been given permission to talk to Derek.
“To talk to him, there are certain conditions that have to be met, financially or otherwise. Two, Derek needs to want to talk to them, but that's the order.
“We don't need their money at all. We had a board meeting yesterday and the money is there [for the future].”
Cormack did, however, concede that he was in the dark as to whether 45-year-old McInnes wanted the Sunderland job, and that he would not tie any employee down when they wanted to be somewhere else.
“I don't know, I joined the board yesterday and I will leave the chairman to deal with that,” he said.
“His team have done an incredible job over the last four years and he is a very astute individual.
“Keep Sunderland and Derek aside for one minute – I know, through bitter experience, that trying to keep any employee with my companies, forcing somebody to stay doesn't work for anyone.
“What I would say is we would move heaven and earth to keep Derek here, but it's not just down to money. He's a very astute individual.
“I've had the opportunity to chat with him a couple of weeks ago, and he takes a holistic approach to a football club – he doesn't just think of the football operation and event the sports science, he thinks of the marketing, the communication with supporters, the off-field stuff, and that's a rarity.
“We would do our utmost – if there was permission given to any team, and he wanted to consider it – to pull out all the stops to keep him.”
They may well yet do their best.
Sunderland will still have to convince McInnes that it is the right decision for his career to leave a stable, well funded, competitive club and come to a side where uncertainty reigns.
He has failed once south of the border, at Bristol City, and knows he cannot afford to do so again.
Common sense suggests, however, that yesterday's developments mean the Black Cats are confident that the former West Brom midfielder's mind is privately made up, that the size and potential of Sunderland is worth taking a gamble on.
He will know how well he will be received should he build a competitive, hard-working side at the Stadium of Light.
The day ended with Aberdeen fans, whose hopes had been raised ever so slightly in the morning, in despair.
Sunderland fans, at long last, were able to look forward with a cautious optimism.
There are surely no more surprises to come in this protracted search.
President of Israel Reuven Rivlin spoke today at the judge's swearing-in ceremony held at the President's Residence, and criticized the Legal Advisor's bill promoted by Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked that would change the manner of selecting legal advisors in government ministries from choosing through tender to selection by a sitting minister in accordance with a search committee's recommendation.
"Elected officials were chosen to formulate a policy and implement it for the public. The legal advisors must use all professional tools at their disposal to assist elected officials in fulfilling the elected government's policy. However, this doesn't contradict the basic and first obligation of the legal advisor to the law, which in itself is a clear expression of the public's will," Rivlin said.
צילום: הדס פרוש, פלאש 90 ריבלין
"A legal advisor must make an effort to assist the public official in realizing his policy but at the same time he must help him understand the boundaries within which he may act - the limits of the law, as determined by the legislator. This is the role of the legal advisor. And this is the image of the legal advisor we deserve.
"Legal advisors like all of us are human beings. Some are better and some are less good, although in my experience they've generally been very good. The Civil Service must find a way to ensure that its legal advisors are the best of the best. Legal advisors who offer their professional tools to help elected officials implement the policy of the elected government. Legal advisors who see themselves as committed to government policy, and to the policy of the ministry, led by the elected public.
"At the same time, we need independent legal advisors whose commitment to the law and being gatekeepers flows in their veins and constitutes the essence of their professional ethic. I understand elected officials. I too served in one or two roles before I reached this house, and I didn't always agree with the legal advisor's position. However, I believe we must be careful not to weaken one of the important pillars of the executive branch in Israeli democracy."
Rivlin added, "We all want a legal advisor who'll serve all elected officials from anywhere in the political spectrum in exactly the same way. Faithfully, devotedly, professionally, committed to government policy and primarily responsibility to uphold the law."
A day after being marshalled out of the Tamil Nadu assembly for creating ‘ruckus', Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) working president and leader of opposition MK Stalin on Thursday staged a walkout after he was denied to speak on MLA sting operation by the Speaker.
Calling out for the Governor's intervention, Stalin said that he will meet him once the C Vidyasagar Rao who is out of the town returns.
Addressing the media outside the state assembly house, Stalin said, “Today again I was denied permission to raise MLA sting issue in assembly by the speaker. We walked out to show our protests.”
Tamil Nadu Assembly Speaker P Dhanpal on Wednesday ordered to evict Stalin after he held a ‘mock-auction' of MLA inside the House.
Citing ‘cash for vote' sting operation, aired on a private news channel, Stalin alleged All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) of horse-trading of lawmakers ahead of key crucial trust vote in February this year.
The working president of DMK demanded to dissolve the AIADMK government in Tamil Nadu and constitute CBI inquiry against the accused party men.
Earlier on Wednesday, during as the state assembly session begin to discuss the Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill slated to be rolled out on July 1, Stalin along with DMK legislatures staged a protest asking the speaker to discuss the ‘cash for vote' scam in the House.
After a lot of persuasion by Speaker Dhanpal making no effect on the protesting DMK supporters, Stalin was escorted out of the building.
A development comes on the footnote of the sting operation that states that Chief Minister Edapadi K Palanisamy camp during the trust vote in against the rival faction led by O Panneerselvam lured party MLAs by offering them money and gold.
The video purportedly shows, South Madurai MLA Saravanan accepting that Sasikala camp allegedly offered him money between Rs 2 crore to 6 crore for his support.
Notably, during the political slugfest between the EPS and OPS faction, Sasikala had kept all the AIADMK lawmakers in the Golden Bay resort at Koovathur, about 80 km from Chennai.
Palanisamy had won the trust vote to continue as the Chief Minister of the state.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (AP) -- Cole Gentry scored 21 points and Mark Hughes added 15 points on 5-of-10 shooting from 3-point range to power Wright State to an 83-57 romp over Youngstown State on Saturday.
Gentry connected on 8 of 13 shots from the floor to help the Raiders (18-7, 10-2 Horizon League) finish 29 of 51 (57 percent). Gentry hit 3 of 6 shots from distance as Wright State shot 41 percent (9 of 22) from beyond the arc. The Raiders held the Penguins (6-19, 4-8) to 31-percent shooting from the floor (20 of 65) and 18 percent (3 of 17) from long range.
Braun Hartfield was the lone Penguin in double figures with 20 points. He added six rebounds and three steals. Naz Bohannon had 13 rebounds to go along with nine points.
Hartfield scored seven as the Penguins jumped out to a 9-2 lead, but Hughes hit two 3s in a 14-0 run and Wright State, which led 40-25 by halftime, never trailed again.
Earlier today President Trump signed S. 204, the “Right to Try Act”. The legislation provides terminally ill patients with the right to try experimental medicine and medical procedures. Detail: authorizes certain patients to seek access to certain unapproved investigational drugs directly from a drug sponsor or manufacturer; limits the use of clinical outcomes and liability arising from the provision of such drugs; and provides reporting requirements for the use and outcomes of the new authority.
[Transcript] 12:31 P.M. EDT – THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody. I really appreciate it. This is — to me, this is a very important moment, a very important day. Been looking forward to this for a long time, along with Senator Ron Johnson. And I will tell you, we worked hard on this. I never understood why it was hard.
They've been trying to have it passed for years. I never understood why. Because I'd see people — friends of mine, and other people I'd read about, where they'd travel all over the world looking for a cure. And we have the best medical people in the world, but we have trials and we long time — 12 years, 15 years. Even when things look really promising, so many years. And I never understood why they didn't do this. And we worked very hard.
And I want to thank Vice President Pence for helping us so much. Mike was in there, and I'd say, “Mike, how are we doing? We got to get it approved.” And he was — he was really working it. And in my State of the Union Address, four months ago, I called on Congress to pass Right to Try. It's such a great name. Some bills, they don't have a good name. (Laughter.) Okay? They really don't. But this is such a great name, from the first day I heard it. It's so perfect. Right to Try.
And a lot of that trying is going to be successful. I really believe that. I really believe it.
So we did it. And we went through the Senate, we went through the House. The House had a bill. The Senate had a bill. We'd go and mesh them together. We got to go back and take votes. And I said, do me a favor — tell me, which is the better bill for the people? Not for the insurance company, not for the pharmaceutical companies. I don't care about them. I really don't. I couldn't care less. (Applause.)
And that's the bill I — I won't tell you which one. But I took the one that was — (laughter) — they said one in particular was great for the people. Not so good for the others, but great for the people. We don't care about the others right now. And it's giving terminally ill patients the right to try experimental lifesaving treatments. And some of these treatments are so promising.
And we're moving that timeline way up anyway, beyond this. We're moving it way up. But it's still a process that takes years. Now it takes up to 15 years; even 20 years, some of these treatments are going. But for many years, patients, advocates, and lawmakers have fought for this fundamental freedom. And as I said, incredibly, they couldn't get it. And there were reasons. A lot of it was business. A lot of it was pharmaceuticals. A lot of it was insurance. A lot of it was liability. I said, so you take care of that stuff. And that's what we did.
Today I'm proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the Right to Try legislation into law. (Applause.)
Right? (Speaks to participant on stage.) You're so beautiful. So beautiful.
If I looked like that, I would have been President 10 years earlier. (Laughter.) If I had that face, if I had that head of hair, I would have been President so long ago. (Laughter.) That's great.
So I want to thank a couple of people. Secretary Azar is here. Where's the Secretary? Secretary? Please stand up. You have worked so hard on this. (Applause.) Thank you very much. You've really done a great job. And we're going to have another exciting news conference over the next, what, three weeks? Four weeks? Two weeks? What do you think? On healthcare. We're going to have great healthcare. We'll get rid of the individual mandate. Without that, we couldn't be doing what we're doing in a few weeks. We're going to have great, inexpensive, but really good healthcare.
And we have two plans coming out. We also have, through our great Secretary of Labor, we have a great plan coming out, and that's through associations. We're going to have two plans coming out. For the most part, we will have gotten rid of a majority of Obamacare. Gotten tremendous — (applause) — yeah. Could have had it done a little bit easier, but somebody decided not to vote for it, so it's one of those things.
I want to thank Secretary Azar, and I want to thank Commissioner Gottlieb. Where's Scott? Scott, stand up. (Applause.) Ooh, I like those — I like those socks, Scott. And, Scott, let me ask you. So it takes years and years to get this approved, right? You're bringing down — beyond this, you're bringing down that period of time. What is the average time now it takes for, you know, a major medicine or cure? What's the average time it takes to go through the system and get an approval?
COMMISSIONER GOTTLIEB: Depends on the medicine. Probably three to seven years.
THE PRESIDENT: Three to seven. And some go long over 10, right?
COMMISSIONER GOTTLIEB: Some can go much longer.
THE PRESIDENT: And you're bringing that down? You're trying to bring that down? You know, for safety. Very good. And you, in particular, you're very happy with this. Aren't you?
COMMISSIONER GOTTLIEB: We are.
THE PRESIDENT: You have a lot of good things in the wings that, frankly, if you moved them up, a lot of people would have a great shot. Right?
COMMISSIONER GOTTLIEB: We're trying to get (inaudible), Mr. President, under your leadership.
THE PRESIDENT: Right. That's fantastic. Well, thank you, Scott. We're very proud of the job you're doing.
We're also working very hard in getting the cost of medicine down. And I think people are going to see, for the first time ever in this country, a major drop in the cost of prescription drugs. Right? (Applause.) And, Mr. Secretary, that's already happening. Right? That's already happening. You were telling me yesterday that we're seeing a big — a tremendous improvement. And you're going to have some big news. I think we're going to have some big — some of the big drug companies in two weeks. And they're going to announce — because of what we did, they're going to announce voluntary massive drops in prices. So that's great. That's going to be a fantastic thing.
You know, we're working on some really great things. Aren't we? When you think about it. Ron, pretty good. Huh? We could do some of those — healthcare, drug prices. But this is the baby. Right now.
We would not be here today without the tireless efforts of dedicated members of Congress. That's so true. I want to especially thank Senator Ron Johnson — stand up please, Ron — (applause) — for his tremendous leadership. You know, I just tell you, he doesn't stop. He doesn't give up. You know, it's good. It's good for all of us. This guy, Ron, very capable, very — he just doesn't give up. So when we started working, I knew this was going to happen.
I also want to thank Senator Donnelly. Senator Donnelly, thank you very much. That's really great. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) A fantastic young gentleman, Brian Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania. Brian, congratulations. And I know how hard you work, Brian. (Applause.) And Dr. Michael Burgess. Do you like being called “Doctor” or “Congressman”? I think “Doctor” is better. I like “Doctor.” (Laughs.) So we'll call him Doctor. (Applause.) Thank you, Michael, very much. Great job. You worked — I know how hard everybody worked, and I really appreciate it. Everybody appreciates it. The country appreciates it. Because nobody understood why this wasn't happening. You know, they've been talking about this for how long, Ron? Twenty-five years?
SENATOR JOHNSON: A long time.
THE PRESIDENT: A long time. A lot of talk. Politicians. It's a lot of talk.
I also want to thank Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden, who's not here. But he really worked hard with us. He really did. (Applause.) And thanks, as well, to state and local officials here today who fought for this important cause. They fought so hard, so many of them. I want to thank you for the incredible work that you've done on behalf of these and all wonderful Americans. I mean, anybody can be there someday. Anybody can be there. Could you all stand up — the state, local people that worked so hard on this? Because you really have been — thank you. Yep. Thank you, fellas. (Applause.) Couldn't have done it without the state and local, and I appreciate it. Really great job. Thank you.
Most of all, we're honored to be joined by several brave Americans for whom this bill is named. Matthew Bellina, who is battling ALS, and his incredible wife Caitlin. Matthew. Right? (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Laura McLinn and her son, Jordan, who is battling muscular dystrophy. Some good answers. (Applause.) That's so great. Thanks. Thanks for being with us, Jordan. We're going to have some good answers for you. (Laughter.) Matthew, you're going to be happy. You are happy. Frank Mongiello, who's battling ALS, and who's joined by his wife, Marylin, and their six children. Wow. That's fantastic. That's fantastic. (Applause.) Thank you. Six children. And finally, I want to thank for being here and introduce Tim Wendler, who tragically lost his wife Trickett to ALS, and joined also by their three children. So, Tim, thank you very much. Thank you, Tim. (Applause.)
I want to thank you all for being here. You have extraordinary courage, determination, and love. You have love. Real love. And thanks to you, the countless American lives will ultimately be saved. We will be saving — I don't even want to say thousands, because I think it's going to be much more — thousands and thousands, hundreds of thousands. We're going to be saving tremendous numbers of lives. And it's so great that you're up here with us and that we're all on this front line together.
Each year, thousands of terminally ill patients suffer while waiting for new and experimental drugs to receive final FDA approval. It takes a long time, and the time is coming down. While we were streamlining and doing a lot of streamlining, the current FDA approval process can take, as Scott just said, many years — many, many years. And for countless patients, time, it's not what they have. They don't have an abundance of time.
With the Right to Try law I'm signing today, patients with life-threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise, and we weren't able to use them before. Now we can use them. And oftentimes they're going to be very successful. It's an incredible thing.
The Right to Try also offers new hope for those who either don't qualify for clinical trials or who have exhausted all available treatment options. There were no options, but now you have hope. You really have hope.
Matthew Bellina, who is here with us, is just one example of many Americans who today has new cause for hope. Due to the late progression of Matt's ALS, he doesn't qualify for any clinical trials in the United States. He wouldn't qualify; couldn't do it. They tried; he didn't qualify.
Despite his limited mobility and budget, he was planning on traveling thousands of miles away, to Israel, to receive a treatment that is still awaiting FDA approval in America. No one in Matt's position should ever have to travel from our great country to another continent or another country to receive a treatment.
Now, with the passage of this bill, Americans will be able to seek cures right here at home, close to their family and their loved ones. We are finally giving these wonderful Americans the right to try. So important. (Applause.)
America has always been a nation of fighters who never give up. Right? We never give up, ever. Right? Never give up. We're fighters, like the amazing patients and families here today.
Now, as I proudly sign — and this is very personal for me. But as I proudly sign this bill, thousands of terminally ill Americans will finally have the help, the hope, and the fighting chance — and I think it's going to be better than chance — that they will be cured, that they will be helped, that they'll be able to be with their families for a long time or maybe just for a longer time. But we're able to give them the absolute best, as to what we have at this current moment, at this current second. And now, we're going to help a lot of people. We're going to help a lot of people.
So it's an honor to be signing this. And if I might, I think I'll present — I think I have to do this, Ron. I have to present this good-looking guy with the first pen. Is that okay? You don't mind, right? Okay, good. I'm going to do that. (Applause.)
(The bill is signed.) (Applause.)
So I want to thank — (laughter) — it's going to be fantastic.
Thank you all very much. This, to me, is very exciting. And you're going to see some tremendous results. We're going to have some incredible, incredible results.
So thank you all for being here. And all of the people in the audience who have been so helpful, thank you very much. It's going to be something very, very special. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
Most Adorable Video You'll See Today. Young boy trying to get a hug from President @realDonaldTrump, ends up succeeding. #MAGA pic.twitter.com/wyK64AYz69 — The Columbia Bugle 🇺🇸 (@ColumbiaBugle) May 30, 2018
Advertisements
15:16 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Police find 42 gas canisters in Bnei Brak storehouse Read more
Israel Police, Energy Ministry, find 42 gas cylinders in illegal Bnei Brak storehouse, discover owner is unlicensed. ► ◄ Last Briefs
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby, center, arrives with his wife, Camille, right, for his sexual assault trial, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby, left, arrives with his wife, Camille, for his sexual assault retrial, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The Latest on Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial (all times local):
3:30 p.m.
A prosecutor at Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial says he used his good-guy image as America's Dad to gain unsuspecting women's trust before knocking them out with powerful drugs and violating them.
Prosecutor Kristen Feden delivered closing arguments Tuesday, saying Cosby is "nothing like the image that he played on TV."
She says Cosby led a secret life that ran counter to the wholesome image he projected as Dr. Cliff Huxtable on his top-rated 1980s sitcom.
Cosby is charged with drugging and sexually assaulting a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004. He says the encounter was consensual. His lawyers have called his chief accuser a con artist who falsely accused Cosby in hopes of a big payday.
Feden says Cosby is the true con artist.
The jury is expected to begin deliberating later Tuesday.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
12:10 p.m.
Bill Cosby's lawyers are urging a jury to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they say are based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
The defense at Cosby's retrial gave its closing argument Tuesday. His lawyers slammed chief accuser Andrea Constand as a "pathological liar." They highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years about her relationship with Cosby and her allegations that he drugged and molested her at his suburban Philadelphia home.
Cosby's wife of 54 years was in the courtroom for his lawyers' arguments.
Prosecutors will deliver their closing argument next. The jury is expected to get the case later Tuesday.
Cosby says his encounter with Constand was consensual. A jury deadlocked on the charges last year, setting the stage for a retrial.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
9:50 a.m.
Bill Cosby's spokesman says the comedian's wife will be in the courtroom for the defense closing argument.
Cosby arrived for the 12th day of his sexual assault retrial Tuesday morning accompanied for the first time by Camille, his wife of 54 years.
Cosby spokesman Andrew Wyatt says he didn't want Camille and other family members there for the rest of the trial.
Wyatt says she's in court to support defense lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss as they deliver their closing argument, just as she was there to support her husband's lawyer during closing arguments at last year's trial. That jury deadlocked on the charges.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting a woman in 2004. He says it was consensual.
___
8:45 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the 12th day of his sexual assault retrial, accompanied for the first time by his wife of 54 years.
The 80-year-old and his wife, Camille, didn't talk to reporters as they entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse, where closing arguments and deliberations are expected Tuesday.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that he drugged and molested her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove he couldn't have been there when she says the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
12:10 a.m.
Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial will soon be in the hands of a jury.
Closing arguments and deliberations are set for Tuesday. The defense rested Monday after Cosby said he wouldn't testify.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that he drugged and molested her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove he couldn't have been there when she says the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts will induct former receiver Reggie Wayne into the team's Ring of Honor during a Nov. 18 game against Tennessee.
Wayne spent 14 seasons and played in a franchise record 211 games. He played a key role on Indy's 2006 Super Bowl championship team, made six Pro Bowl appearances and was a first-team All-Pro in 2010. He finished his career with 1,070 receptions, 14,345 yards and 82 touchdown catches — all second in franchise history.
He's 10th in league history in receptions and yards receiving.
Wayne will be the 15h inductee, joining a group that includes Bill Polian, who drafted him in 2001, coach Tony Dungy and four of Wayne's ex-teammates — Edgerrin James, Peyton Manning, Jeff Saturday and Harrison.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Jacksonville Jaguars running back Leonard Fournette's sore foot will keep him out of Thursday's preseason game against Tampa Bay.
Wide receiver Marqise Lee, who suffered an ankle injury on Sunday, also will not play against the Bucs, coach Doug Marrone said.
Fournette missed practice on Sunday and Monday and Marrone said the fourth overall pick will be evaluated later in the week to see if he can return to practice on the weekend.
"We're just being smart on it," Marrone said. "Obviously we're going to be smart with him and Marqise, so we'll probably hold those guys out for at least until after the game."
Fournette, who attended Monday's joint practice with Tampa Bay in a sweatshirt, rushed for 31 yards and a touchdown on nine carries in the Jaguars' preseason opener against New England last week.
Marrone said Sunday the team had been monitoring Fournette's foot injury but it had not been an issue that would keep him out of practice. But when Fournette complained of soreness after Saturday's practice, the team decided to hold him out of Sunday's practice.
LSU's Duop Reath and Tremont Waters led the Tigers to a 97-84 win against the UNCW Seahawks Sunday afternoon at the PMAC.
Reath scored a career high 30 points against the Seahawks, while Waters added 20 points, 10 assists and nine rebounds.
LSU (5-2) hit 21-of-33 shots (64%) in the first half and outscored UNCW 52-36.
The Tigers finished the game shooting 59 percent (36-of-61) from the field, 8-of-19 from the behind the arc and 17-of-20 (85.0%) from the free throw line.
Skylar Mays added 14 points for LSU and Wayde Sims had 11 points.
Jordon Talley led the Seahawks (2-5) in scoring with 22 points.
LSU will be back in action at the PMAC on Wednesday, Dec. 13, against the Houston Cougars (8-1). Tipoff is set for 8 p.m. and the game will air on the SEC Network.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
LONDON (AP) — England winger Anthony Watson is set to miss the tour of South Africa in June after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a left Achilles injury.
Watson was hurt in a tackle in the first half of England's 24-15 loss to Ireland on Saturday, the final day of the Six Nations.
Watson, who underwent rehabilitation work on another Achilles injury last year, had only just displaced Mike Brown as England's fullback. He has 15 tries in 33 tests.
We've learned not to get our hopes too high for the unveiling of California's state budget — and this year's attempt provides yet another illustration why.
The total state portion of the budget, which includes the general fund, special funds and bond funds, but not federal funds, equals $183.2 billion ($125 billion for the general fund alone), nearly identical to the amount the governor requested last month in his May budget revision proposal. That is up nearly 57 percent in just eight years. The Senate and Assembly will vote on the budget today to meet the June 15 constitutional deadline.
While we embrace efforts to add to the rainy-day fund and pay down more of the state's mounting pension debt, at the end of the day, it is another record-high budget that represents more taxes, more spending and more government involvement in Californians' lives. No wonder Gov. Jerry Brown called it a “balanced and progressive budget,” and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon, D-Lakewood, claimed that it “speaks to Californians' progressive values.”
The taxes are not a surprise, of course. There was the high-profile fight in April over the gas tax and vehicle registration fee hikes, which are expected to generate more than $52 billion over 10 years. But that does not make them any more palatable to most Californians. A newly released UC Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies poll found that 58 percent oppose the gas tax increase, compared to just 35 percent who are in favor.
Gov. Brown has taken to a predictable pattern of warning against higher spending and preaching the need to prepare for the inevitable economic downturn to come. Recall how he invoked Aesop's fable of “The Ants and the Grasshopper” during the release of his May revise budget proposal last year. In the story, the ants spend the summer and fall diligently working to store food for the coming winter, while the grasshopper spends all his time playing and making music, and then starves when the winter comes.
This is a wise lesson, if Brown would only heed it. But then he goes on to sign record budget after record budget. Someone should tell him he's the grasshopper in this tale, not Aesop. This budget spreads far too much of the ants' corn to feed too many grasshoppers.
He won't even be able to vote, but a 16-year-old Wichita high school student says he's serious about his bid to run for governor of Kansas.
Jack Bergerson has filed to run as a Democrat in the 2018 race for governor of Kansas, saying he wanted to give people another option, The Kansas City Star reported . And it doesn't faze him that he won't even be old enough to vote in the election.
"Under Kansas law, there is no law governing the qualifications for governor, not one," said Bryan Caskey, director of elections at the Kansas secretary of state's office. "So there's seriously nothing on the books that lays out anything, no age, no residency, no experience. Nothing."
When Bergeson, a junior at The Independent School in Wichita, found out about the lack of requirements, he thought, "Oh, I could do that."
"I thought, you know, let's give the people of Kansas a chance," Bergeson said. "Let's try something new that has never really been tried anywhere else before."
The teenager said he wants to "radically change" the health care system and would support legalizing marijuana for medical purposes, while being willing to explore legalization for recreational use. But he is conservative on gun rights and supports laws that allow people to openly carry their weapons.
"I think if you offer the people of Kansas something radical, something new so then that shows that we can move in a new direction, I think that will put the Democratic Party in a good position to win the seat next year," Bergeson said.
A classmate, 17-year-old Alexander Cline, will be his lieutenant governor. Cline will be able to vote in the election, since he will be 18 by then.
Other Democratic candidates running for the seat include former state Secretary of Agriculture Josh Svaty, former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer and Arden Andersen, an Olathe doctor.
Bergerson's announcement Monday garnered national attention, including an appearance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live." He told Kimmel one of the main reasons for his unusual campaign is to try and spark an interest in politics among his peers.
Michael Smith, a political scientist at Emporia State University, said that could be a positive part of the teenager's unusual campaign.
"If this guy is at all reasonable, it could be a very good thing," Smith said. "It's always such challenge to get young people to politically engage. ... I'm not saying he'll win the nomination or anything, but if he could talk to other, maybe not 16-year-olds but people just turning 18 and get them to engage, I mean it could be a really good thing."
Search
Jess Phillips on the absolute sexism of the “Absolute Boys” on the Left…
“They [the left-wing men] are the worst, the actual worst. Men said they supported better female representation but, when it came to losing their own jobs, they would say, ‘Oh, you mean me? But I am so clever. I've got so much to offer the world'. They are literally the worst.”
The new Port Colborne operations centre is going green.
Darlene Suddard, environment compliance supervisor with the city, brought a report to city council about green energy options for the new facility. The report was requested by council at a November meeting.
Suddard told councillors Monday night that the facility is already very green because it has been built with items such as LED lights, but the goal is to make it as green as possible by reducing energy consumption and emissions of greenhouse gases.
“In investigating the three different options, net metering came up the best option,” she told council.
Net metering, she explained, will allow the city to reduce its own energy costs by generating its own electricity. The added benefit is in the event it produces more energy than is used up, it would “essentially run the meter backwards” and the city would get a credit on its energy bill.
The report presented to council elaborates that net metering works on renewable energy, such as bioenergy, wind, solar photovoltaic and waterpower with an estimated seven-year payback and 20-year lifespan on the system.
The other two options explored in the report were solar panels without net metering and feed-in-tariff or microFIT programs. Suddard said the microFIT program, which would feed the extra energy generated back into the grid, seems to be coming to an end anyway.
“This (net metering) is just a responsible decision,” she said. “It reduces our electricity and gives us an opportunity to save some energy costs.”
Saving energy costs appeals to Ward 2 Coun. Yvon Doucet, who said citizens would save tax dollars.
After receiving this report, the plan moving forward is for the city to evaluate energy consumption at the new operations centre for a year's time. In doing that, the city will get a better understanding of just how big of a metering system they're going to need for the 3,150-square-metre building. At that time, they will also be able to start approaching consultants for installation.
Suddard said doing this was recommended to her by a resident in Niagara-on-the-Lake who operates on a net metering system. She said he told her to be careful with how big of a system the city gets because the goal is to get as much out of it as possible. The wrong size system could mean the city would be producing as much as it uses, for example, thereby not earning any credits.
Ward 4 Coun. Barbara Butters was curious about implementing the system with other city buildings, but Suddard advised taking the year to see how the system operates before trying to take on too much.
Said Doucet, “We'll probably be the envy of a lot of other areas if we can start doing this with our buildings.”
Chief administrative officer Scott Luey said he will work with staff as well as Niagara Centre MP Vance Badawey to determine if there are any grants or other funding options for any part of the project.
The $12.5-million operations centre project on Killaly Street West is set to wrap up shortly, with the keys being turned over to the city sometime in May.
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
Getty Image
Russell Westbrook and the Oklahoma City Thunder had a Game 4 to forget against the Utah Jazz on Monday night. It was a chippy affair the Thunder lost, putting them on to bring of a first-round exit from the playoffs for the second straight season.
It was bad enough that Westbrook got chirped by Mitt Dang Romney, but somehow Tuesday brought worse news for the reigning league MVP. Reports indicated that another incident could cost the Thunder their superstar's services in Game 5.
In the fourth quarter, with Westbrook not among the five Thunder players on the court, Utah's Rudy Gobert is fouled in the “beignets” by Raymond Felton. Gobert took exception and suddenly Westbrook, who was waiting to check into the game, got on the court to give Gobert a short, sharp shove.
Now Playing: Counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Va., burned a Confederate flag
Now Playing: Charlottesville rally organizer's press conference ends early
Now Playing: Lost art is rediscovered
Now Playing: Aftermath in Charlottesville, Virginia
Now Playing: Crowd applauds Virginia state troopers
Now Playing: Young woman killed in Charlottesville violence 'was a strong person'
Now Playing: College football coach surprises third-stringer with a full scholarship
Now Playing: Train carrying liquid petroleum gas derails in Northeastern Oklahoma
Now Playing: Pharmacy chains accused of overcharging for generic drugs
Now Playing: New details about Ohio man facing murder charges in Charlottesville
Now Playing: One dead, at least 30 injured after violent clashes, car ramming in Charlottesville
Now Playing: 2 Virginia state troopers die in helicopter crash
Now Playing: What investigators will look at in Charlottesville incident
Now Playing: Suspected driver in deadly Charlottesville crash arrested
Now Playing: Eyewitness of deadly Charlottesville crash speaks out
Now Playing: Man charged with murder for plowing into crowd in Charlottesville: Police
Now Playing: One of FBI's Most Wanted fugitives captured in Virginia
Now Playing: White nationalist rally turns violent in Charlottesville, VA
Since joining the West Coast Conference in 2010, BYU has established itself as the clear No. 3 team behind Gonzaga and Saint Mary's.
The Cougars have been unable to catch the two frontrunners, partly because of inexplicable losses like Thursday's 76-69 defeat at Loyola Marymount.
But over the past three years, BYU has achieved unparalleled success in an unlikely place: the McCarthey Athletic Center in Spokane, Wash., where it will face the No. 14 Zags on Saturday.
The Cougars have won three straight at the Kennel, including last year's 79-71 victory over then-No. 1 Gonzaga that ended the Bulldogs' 29-game win streak.
In their past 10 meetings against all WCC foes, the Zags are 82-8; half of those losses have come against BYU.
And Saturday will likely bring an angry bunch of Cougars.
BYU's ugly loss in Los Angeles was come in the wake of last week's loss to Saint Mary's.
"We talked all week long about the challenge of this game," Cougars coach Dave Rose told the (Provo, Utah) Daily Herald. "Maybe it was the timing of the game with Gonzaga next, maybe it was the disappointment from Saint Mary's last weekend. Especially in the first half, we didn't have our guys like we normally have them. It was more of a competitiveness problem. They (Loyola Marymount) were playing with more passion and more desire than we were."
As they had the past two years against the Lions, the Cougars trailed by double digits in the first half.
But this time, they made just 5 of 24 from 3-point range and couldn't catch up.
It was BYU's 12th loss -- against 40 wins -- in the past four years against the WCC's bottom seven teams (the Zags are 52-0 and the Gaels 44-4 against those schools in over that stretch).
"This one's over. What can you do about it? You learn from it and move on to the next one," said forward Yoeli Childs. "The most important thing is the Zags on Saturday. We don't lose two in a row. We'll come out with that edge and that mindset that we're going to go into this place and win. We feel like we're a great team. No matter what happens, we drop a game, we know we're great, we know the work we've put in. We're going to come out and do everything we can to get this win against a very good team."
Hundreds of people are already backing a campaign calling for a Government enquiry into road safety on the A19.
The Safe A19 campaign was launched last week - by the Sunderland Echo, Shields Gazette and Hartlepool Mail - in an effort to reduce collisions on the busy dual carriageway.
Almost 500 people have signed our petition at: https://www.change.org/p/department-for-transport-safe-a19-a-call-for-an-inquiry-into-safety-on-the-dual-carriageway-through-the-north-east
It states: "The people of the North East, backed by the Sunderland Echo, Shields Gazette and Hartlepool Mail, call on the Government to carry out an inquiry into safety on the A19.
"Last year alone, there were more than 70 people injured as a result of crashes on the stretch between Wolviston and Boldon.
"This is too many collisions and it simply cannot go on.
"Added to the danger to drivers and passengers, the problems are bringing the North East and its economy to a halt - more must be done to get us moving forward.
"With the backing of North East MPs, including Easington MP Grahame Morris, we want the Department for Transport to look at this issue and take action to protect our region and its people for generations to come."
Many of those signing the petition have cosaid that 'enough is enough':
Tina Blenkiron, from Sunderland, said: "Very scary roads. Speed restrictions and cameras are needed to slow people down. Everyone is in a hurry and the carelessness is causing deaths and life changing injuries."
Andrea Smith said: "Feelings of dread each day of what's in-store to meet whatever carnage that has happened either side of this road. It's a daily occurrence now something has to change."
Jane Rayner, from Sunderland, said: "I've used this road everyday for the past ten years from Sunderland to Middlesbrough and it's not safe as it's no longer fit for purpose."
Clint Gibson, from South Hetton, said: "This road is lethal. Improvements are long overdue."
Claire Watson, from Stockton, said: "I travel to Newcastle every day for work and there is an accident every day. If you listen to radio traffic updates at commute time you can guarantee its problems on A19."
Michelle Kinsey, from South Shields, said: "Too many lives are being lost. Safety first!!"
Joan Chapman, of Peterlee, said: "I'm a regular user of this stretch of road and incidents are almost a daily occurrence."
Paul Grainger, from Sunderland, said: "Speed restrictions near crossing junctions and adjoining roads without a slip road need to be considered. Even the use of average speed cameras would help in accident hotspots."
Jill Wilkinson, from South Shields, said: "The A19 is a death gauntlet."
Marie Grogan, from Murton, said: "I travel to Newcastle every day and it seems as if there is an accident at some point every other day, drop speed limit to 50 and put cameras on to police it, too many idiots."
The second in this year's Humanities Speaker Series will focus on the connection between how a two-year or a four-year academic degree fits into the changing workforce in Nevada — whether the extra price tag of a university degree will serve students well in the evolving job market.
Entrepreneur Dusty Wunderlich will speak about the economics of degrees and the increasing value of a community college degree in Nevada's changing workforce. The event is part of the Humanities Speaker Series at Truckee Meadows Community College, and will take place on April 20. Students in the region and members of the community are invited to "Nevada Workforce, the Humanities and a Future without Expensive Student Loans." The presentation is free and open to the public.
When: Thursday, April 20, 6-7 p.m.
Where: Sierra Building, room 108, Dandini Campus, 7000 Dandini Blvd., in Reno
Nevada's workforce is rapidly changing as major manufacturing firms, technology companies and logistics operation centers move in. Entrepreneurship is on the decline nationwide and is especially sparse in rural areas such as Northern Nevada, Wunderlich said.
In his presentation, Wunderlich will explain how students may consider the economic indicators and make informed decisions about education to best establish a successful future. "Students at community college campuses may be gaining an advantage to those with four-year degrees at this point in time," Wunderlich said. "It's important for our future workforce to match their education to the actual needs in our economy. Right now, the biggest gaps in the workforce are among skills that can be developed and honed right here."
Wunderlich grew his career in private equity before beginning his own company more than three years ago. He founded Bristlecone Holdings in Reno, a high-growth financial technology company that employs a staff of nearly 50. He recently released news that he will be leaving the company and beginning a new project to be announced. From the success of Bristlecone he has developed a keen understanding of the economy and first-hand insight into hiring for tech jobs in the region that informs much of his platform on education.
"Dusty is part of a growing trend of experts urging students and educators for matching education supply to the demands of a changing job market," said TMCC and UNR professor Blakely Hume. "We're lucky to have such an informed activist making specific sense of this topic within the context of Nevada's market."
For more information about the Humanities Speaker Series, or the Humanities Department at TMCC, please call 775-674-7945.
AP Photo/Evan Vucci
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while he was Indiana's governor, a post she maintained amid a web of business arrangements – including one that ethics experts say conflicted with her public duties. A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and her small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere. Her firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate she also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems. Last year, her firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests. In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported she has an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of her confirmation. In a statement, a spokesman for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that she has the support of former officials who served with her under Pence. Her firm was “completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest,” spokesman Marcus Barlow said in a statement. A spokesman for Pence did not respond to a request for comment. Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Washington are aware of many of her consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about her philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization. As a trusted adviser to Pence, she had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators. Verma was also widely respected for her grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake his own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act. Verma did not specifically address how she would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined her plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should she be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Her relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014. Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma's work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where her loyalties lay – to the company, or to state taxpayers. Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer, called Verma's arrangement a “conflict of interest” that “clearly should not happen and is definitely improper.” Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana's ethics rules and laws, but they're murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees, distinctions between the two can be hard to discern. “She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority, people thought she was a state employee,” said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma. Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, he said. “If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can't negotiate hard for both sides,” said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker. There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when she was dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot. “It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors,” said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over her disagreements with Verma. “It was just shocking to me that she could play both sides.” State contracts show Verma's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement she held with the state's social services agency required her to “provide technical assistance” to state contractors, as well as the governor's office. Another duty was “contract development and negotiation” with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises Verma reported her salary with SVC is $480,000 and her business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million. — Johnson reported from Chicago.
Comments
comments
A young giraffe is said to be relaxing with her mother today at an Indiana zoo, after helping the staff get the new season off and running, literally, recently.
On Monday, Thabisa, a nearly 6-month-old female giraffe, got loose at the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo.
"We have radios that were able to notify all zoo staff immediately. ... That call went out over the radio with a little bit of a panicked tone, as you might imagine," Joe Smith, a zoo spokesman, told ABC affiliate WPTA-TV.
WPTA
According to WPTA-TV, Thabisa, the zoo's youngest giraffe, broke through a fence and entered a parking lot nearby, causing the staff to scramble.
"Baby giraffes don't walk anywhere -- they run everywhere they go -- so that was a little bit expected," Smith said.
The zoo said the parking lot was not accessible to the public. It took zoo staff about two hours to coax and direct Thabisa in the direction of the barn.
"She remained on zoo property for the duration of her adventure," the zoo said in a statement Monday.
In a statement on Twitter, the zoo said today that Thabisa was "safe and sound" after her adventure and that she would remain behind the scenes with her mother for now.
Our youngest giraffe Thabisa is taking a rest after her exciting day yesterday (shenanigans are exhausting!). She will remain behind the scenes with mom for now. pic.twitter.com/lj1EiciGBg — Fort Wayne Kid's Zoo (@fwkidszoo) April 24, 2018
The zoo said that in its 40 years of having giraffes, this was the first time one of them had escaped the enclosures.
"We will reevaluate our giraffe exhibit and take extra precautions to ensure the continued safety of our animals and staff," the zoo's statement said.
Smith said staff do practice drills regularly in case of animal escapes. The zoo had just reopened Saturday for the season.
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 20:15 IST
The Navy's stealth frigate INS Trishul today foiled a piracy attempt against an Indian bulk carrier in the Gulf of Aden.
The piracy attempt was made on the Indian ship MV Jag Amar at 12:30 pm and the INS Trishul, which was on an anti- piracy deployment in the region, responded immediately, Navy spokesperson Capt D K Sharma said.
He said all 26 Indian crew onboard the Indian ship were safe.The Navy's elite Marcos commandos carried out a swift operation to rescue the 85,000-tonne bulk carrier.
Capt Sharma said an AK 47, one magazine with 27 rounds, grapnels, ropes, fuel drums and ladders were recovered during the operation.
Twelve pirates on a skiff made the piracy attempt on the Indian ship.The Indian Navy has been actively engaged in anti-piracy operations in the Gulf of Aden, a key shipping route near the southern tip of the Red Sea between Somalia and Yemen.
In April, the India and Chinese navies had rescued a merchant ship in the Gulf of Aden after it was hijacked by Somali pirates.
The United States and South Korea have announced that their annual large-scale military exercises will begin on April 1.U.S. officials had said previously that the anticipated meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un would not impact the timing of the Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises."Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis and the Republic of Korea Minister of National Defense Song Young-moo have agreed to resume the annual combined exercises including Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, which were deconflicted with the schedule of the Olympic Games," the Pentagon said in a statement Monday. "The exercises are expected to resume April 1, 2018, at a scale similar to that of the previous years.""The United Nations Command has notified the Korean People's Army on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises," the statement added. The Korean People's Army is the official name of North Korea's army.The U.S. and South Korea previously agreed to delay the exercises until after the conclusion of the Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games held in South Korea. The Paralympic Games concluded on Sunday.The tactical exercises that make up Foal Eagle will involve about 11,500 U.S. forces and approximately 290,000 S. Korean military personnel.The computer simulated headquarters exercise known as Key Resolve will involve 12,000 U.S. forces and 10,000 South Korean personnel."The exercises include all services and are of the same scale, scope, and duration as previous years," said Lt. Col. Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman."Our combined exercises are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation," Logan added. "While we will not discuss specifics, the defensive nature of these combined exercises has been clear for many decades and has not changed."In the past, North Korea has often condemned the Foal Eagle exercise and used it as an excuse for its provocative missile and nuclear tests.But that appeared to have changed in the lead up to Kim's offer to meet with Trump.Kim "understands that the routine joint military exercises between the Republic of Korea and the United States must continue," South Korean national security adviser Chung Eui-yong told reporters on March 8 as he announced that Trump had agreed to meet with Kim.North Korea has not publicly responded to Trump's decision and no date has been scheduled for a meeting between the two leaders.
During a White House event earlier today President Donald Trump signed a Presidential proclamation designating October 6th as “National Manufacturing Day”.
One of President Trump's top economic priorities, enmeshed in the America-First economic agenda, is to bring back U.S. manufacturing excellence as a priority to the foundation of a balanced American economy.
.
REMARKS BY PRESIDENT TRUMP – AT SIGNING OF NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY PROCLAMATION – Oval Office – 2:05 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It's an honor to be here with the great men and women of American manufacturing. In a few moments, I will sign a presidential proclamation declaring today National Manufacturing Day.
From the founding of our nation, from Washington to Jefferson, from Jackson to McKinley, our nation has long understood that our strength as a country depends upon the strength of our domestic industry.
We're all better off when we make, buy, and sell more products made in the USA. And that's what's happening in our country, and you see it. And the levels of enthusiasm are incredible.
Today and in coming weeks, manufacturers in all 50 states will hold events to encourage more Americans to pursue a career in high tech and the high-tech world of modern manufacturing. My administration strongly supports that goal, and we've been supporting it for a long time. And it's really, now, starting to pay off as everybody behind me knows. And that's why I've asked members of my Cabinet to travel across the country, share our message, and meet with the workers. And they're hard workers.
We've also already created tens of thousands of new manufacturing jobs. Plants and companies are coming back into our country. You see it with announcements now from automobile companies to every kind of company. They're coming back in and, perhaps, even more importantly, they don't want to leave anymore because they know they're leaving a very good thing. So we're creating thousands more jobs.
And if Congress acts on our historic tax cut, the largest in the history of our country, and also tax reform and that framework that we've put forward, it will be even more so.
Under the current law, products made in America are taxed at a marginal rate of 35 percent, and really, sometimes much higher than that, putting our manufacturers at a tremendous disadvantage to the manufacturers in other countries. We want to dramatically reduce the tax on American manufacturers so that we can compete and win on the world stage.
And I will tell you, the receptivity to what we're proposing is fantastic. We're keeping our companies, and the companies are coming back in. And perhaps, most importantly, we're making our workers happy, and they love to work.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. And maybe a couple of folks behind me would want to say a few words. Would you like to say something?
MS. FLAX: Sure. Id like to thank you, Mr. President, and your administration for taking on 300,000 regulations. It's going to make it easier for us to do our jobs, make us more competitive, and (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: That's very great. You bring up a very good point. We've cut regulations more than any administration there is. We have — nobody is even close, and we're talking about in 10 months we've cut more regulations than any President, any administration, and we have a long way to go. We're cutting down so that highways don't take 20 years to build and other things don't take decades and decades and then find out, in many cases after going through the process, that they can't build it anyway. So we've cut regulations more than has ever been cut before. And we are continuing.
At the same time, I like regulation. Its fine. We want clean air. We want crystal-clear water. What we want also is we want safety. But theres a point at which we have to take care of our country, and we have to take care of our workers and our companies. So we're very honored, and that's a great point that you bring up with regulations. Thank you very much.
Anybody else? Anybody? Yes.
MS. LOY: Thank you so much, one, for having us here. And thank you for all the support that you've been giving to manufacturing. According to a recent survey with NAM, two-thirds of manufacturing feel that this tax reform is going to help us hire more people; It's going to help us get more machinery, get more equipment in our factories. And on behalf of my company, and I know all the manufacturing companies, thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. That's very nice. That's really nice. Anybody else wants to say anything? Anybody? Youll become very famous if you do. (Laughter.) Well, I want to thank you all very much.
MR. TIMMONS: Mr. President? Mr. President, can I —
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, Jay. Jay Timmons.
MR. TIMMONS: We just released our quarterly survey that we conduct with all 14,000 of our members across the country. This is the third quarter where we've seen record optimism by manufacturers. So the three-quarter average is the highest — 90 percent — in the entire 20-year history of our survey.
And, Mr. President, that is because manufacturers are saying that they believe that tax reform, regulatory relief, infrastructure investment are the keys to making sure that the manufacturing sector is growing and strong, and ensuring our exceptional America. So thank you on behalf of all manufacturers for doing exactly that.
THE PRESIDENT: I knew about the survey. I didn't want to bring it up. (Laughter.) They would say I'm braggadocious.
MR. TIMMONS: Ill say it again — 90 percent!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Jay. That's great. Thank you very much.
Okay. So this is our proclamation, and this in honor of our great National Manufacturing Day.
MR. TIMMONS: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: And the tremendous success we've been having, especially over the last nine months. There's been a big difference.
MR. TIMMONS: We have 3,000 events across the country. You mentioned your Cabinet Secretaries are out —
THE PRESIDENT: That's right.
MR. TIMMONS: — celebrating manufacturing with manufacturers and some of these facilities, as well. About 600,000 students and teachers and community leaders will be participating so they can learn all the great things there are to learn about modern manufacturing. And we're hopeful that many of them will join these fine people in manufacturing.
THE PRESIDENT: And they will be. Its happening. Thank you very much, Jay. Appreciate it.
(The proclamation is signed.)
THE PRESIDENT: So the big question is: Who gets the pen? What do you think? Should we do it, Jay?
MR. TIMMONS: You got a — you saw a hand outstretched. (Laughter and applause.)
MR. MYERS: Thank you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, what did you mean by calm before the storm yesterday? What did you mean by that?
THE PRESIDENT: Youll find out.
Q Do you mean something other than military action, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: Well see. Thank you, everybody.
END 2:12 P.M. EDT
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Mark Salling, one of the stars of the Fox musical comedy "Glee," has died at age 35.
Salling's lawyer, Michael J. Proctor, tells The Associated Press the actor died Tuesday. His death comes weeks before the actor was scheduled to be sentenced in federal court on child pornography charges.
Proctor did not reveal the cause of death.
Salling pleaded guilty in December to possession of child pornography. Prosecutors say a search of Salling's computer found more than 50,000 images of child porn.
He was scheduled to be sentenced March 7.
He played bad-boy Noah "Puck" Puckerman on the long-running show, which concluded in 2015.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — As a big league umpire, Dale Scott saw maybe 1 million pitches from the field. His final call, it turned out, was the easiest of all.
Rather than risk yet another concussion, Scott has decided to retire at 58.
"I'm done," he told The Associated Press.
The veteran crew chief missed nearly the entire 2017 season after a foul ball off the bat of Baltimore slugger Mark Trumbo in Toronto on April 14 caught him hard in the mask, causing Scott's second concussion in nine months and fourth in five years.
Within a few days, while undergoing treatment for head, neck and shoulder injuries, Scott realized it was the end of a major league career that began in 1985 and included three World Series assignments, three All-Star Games and 91 postseason games.
"In fact, it was pretty easy," he said. "I wasn't planning on this year being the last one. But I thought, this is a sign."
Especially when he asked three doctors about the possible long-term effects if he got jarred again.
"They said, 'We just don't know,'" Scott said. "But they told me that the more times you get hit, the more probability that you'll have issues."
This summer, he saw Bruno Mars and Green Day in concert, watched Fourth of July fireworks from a boat near his home in Portland, Oregon, and enjoyed more time with husband Michael Rausch.
They've been together since 1986 and were married in November 2013 in Palm Springs, California, by the city's mayor.
Scott came out as gay after the 2014 season. The next spring training, Reds outfielder Marlon Byrd gave Scott a big hug while trotting to the dugout.
"You're free, brother. I'm so proud of you," Byrd told him.
Says Scott: "I did feel free. I am who I am."
Scott's decision will resonate, said Billy Bean, Major League Baseball's vice president for social responsibility and inclusion. Bean came out as gay after his big league career ended in 1995.
"He has achieved everything in his umpiring career, and has carried himself with integrity and garnered the respect of his peers and MLB players," Bean said. "I am filled with pride as I reflect on all of his accomplishments. He's a pro's pro, who's been a wonderful example to the LGBT community and all sports fans."
"Years ago, Dale reached out to me after my personal story went public," he said. "If we had been able to have that conversation when I was still playing, I know it would have changed the course of my career. Dale's legacy will undoubtedly continue to inspire others to pursue their dreams, and I hope we see the results around MLB soon."
Scott worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half his career.
"I was fortunate enough to have Dale as my crew chief for 10-plus years. A gifted umpire and true professional, he ran the crew with a smile as he mentored many of today's most successful umpires," fellow ump Dan Iassogna said.
"The courage that he showed in coming out while still working on the field is as much of an accomplishment as his many World Series and postseason assignments," he added.
Scott acknowledged his decision to retire might have been more difficult if his circumstances were different — say, he was 40 and hadn't worked the World Series.
Now, he walks away with his health intact. And if there were any doubts, he keeps the video of that last violent concussion on his cellphone.
MLB provides long-term disability for umpires who cannot work because of concussion effects, the same as it does for other permanent injuries.
Scott wonders about umpires who are cleared as part of the concussion protocol and then face the choice of continuing to work and risk further injury, or leaving the game.
"That needs to be addressed," he said. "Maybe my situation can be a catalyst for that."
His future will include rooting like crazy for the Oregon Ducks and, having been a Top 40 AM radio DJ in high school, perhaps some voice work.
Scott also can look back on all the games he did: Among them, he was the plate umpire for Scott Erickson's no-hitter, he worked a season-opening series in Australia, and was the last umpire to eject hot-tempered manager Billy Martin.
And there was that game at old County Stadium in 1986, when a big crowd turned out to welcome the hugely popular Gorman Thomas back to the Milwaukee Brewers.
The first time Thomas batted, Scott called strike three. The fading slugger went 0 for 4 and when he got rung up in his last at-bat, it was more than Thomas could take.
"It's my night," he pleaded with the rookie ump, "not yours!"
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- In a sincere attempt to provide a positive, structured outlet for teenagers over the summer vacation, the Changhua County government late last month announced a summer youth anti-drug/anti-vice program with the unintentionally ironic slogan "Let's Get High," leading some Westerners on social media to snicker.
The Changhua County Government on June 28 announced that in order to "give young people a healthy and happy growth experience it will launch the "Rock Youth - Let's Get High" Summer Protection Youth Program. Deputy County Executive Lin Ming-yu (林明裕) said that in addition to inviting musicians to perform during the event, he would like to remind children to not smoke, drink alcohol, or do drugs to enable Changhua's youth to study and grow up in a safe and secure environment.
Lin said that in addition to a youth concert, the event will also feature basketball games, free viewing of FIBA World Cup basketball qualifier matches, famous basketball teams from Japan and Korea, and the top 10 high school basketball teams in Taiwan. There wil also be a series of children's art festivals to enable them to learn more about theater and art.
On July 4, the announcement was posted on the Taiwan subreddit of the social media site Reddit for the irony of the slogan, as the phrase "get high" is usually associated with smoking marijuana or other mind-altering drugs. However, one Reddit user suggested that the use of the English word "high" might have been derived from the Chinglish phrase "high 起來," which roughly translated means "have fun together," while the Taiwanese street slang for getting high from drugs would be 飛 (fly).
In the photo below, children can be seen holding signs in English which read, "Yes I Do," which would seem to contradict the "Just Say No" anti-drug slogan made famous by Nancy Reagan in the early 1980s. Based on the photos, it appears that the Changhua campaign is directed at a long list of drugs and vices such as drinking alcohol, smoking tobacco, chewing betel nut, violence, and prostitution.
Adults and children holding signs against drugs and other societal ills. (Photo from Changhua County government)
The county government announcement said that as the summer vacation has started, young people have no homework or other school-related pressures to occupy them, therefore they are more vulnerable to wander into inappropriate places or be tempted to commit crimes. According to the statement, children could wander late at night, hang out at internet cafes, get involved in prostitution, gamble, and commit violent acts or even murder.
The county government said that it is launching the program in cooperation with the central government to raise awareness among adolescents of ways to protect themselves and how to engage in appropriate leisure activities. The government's three main axes of the program are to "purify the environment in which young people grow up in," "protect young people," and "expand crime prevention and publicity."
(Photo from Changhua County government)
The government program will focus on "preventing children from committing crimes and being victims of crimes," "avoid the sexual exploitation of children," and "provide a guide to safely seeking employment." it is hoped through diversified promotion methods implemented before summer vacation, children will learn to stay away from hazards so as to prevent deviant behavior.
The Changhua County Social Affairs Office will host the "Youth Rock Music Festival" on August 10 with the hope that young people will step away from their computer screens and learn to express their youthful vitality through music. The county government hopes that its series of youth activities will provide a health and safe venue for teenagers to grow as individuals.
(Photo from Changhua County government)
Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
The Commerce Department said Tuesday that sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of 2018, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
Homebuyers are snapping up newly built houses as the economic outlook has continued to improve in recent months. Nor have the gains been derailed so far by 30-year mortgage rates climbing to their highest averages since early 2014.
Still, the solid sales growth for new homes also shows that many would-be buyers can't find existing homes that are available to purchase. Listings for existing homes sank to the lowest levels on record for March, the National Association of Realtors reported on Monday.
New homes tend to cost more than older properties. The median sales price of a new home rose 4.8 percent from a year ago to $337,200, a nearly $87,000 premium on the median cost of an existing home.
Prices for a new home are increasingly concentrated at higher price points. In 2016, 53 percent of new homes cost more than $300,000. That figure climbed to 60 percent for new homes sold in March.
The March increase was driven almost entirely by a 28.3 percent leap in sales in the West. New-home purchases rose slightly in the South, fell in the Midwest and plunged in the Northeast. The new home sales report can be volatile on a monthly basis, causing the numbers to be revised later.
The head of the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Tuesday that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has yet to be in touch with him or others about their criticism of the Iran nuclear deal.
Speaking to The Associated Press, Yukiya Amano said his organization was "in constant touch" with the U.S., but had yet to hear from the new administration on their concerns.
LONDON, Ont. — Police in London, Ont., say a suspect has been arrested and charged in connection with the death of a 27-year-old man last Saturday.
Police were called to the scene of an "altercation" at about 2:30 a.m. and found Dereck Szaflarski suffering serious injuries. He was pronounced dead in hospital.
The suspect fled the scene in a white vehicle, which was later recovered north of the city and returned to London for examination.
A second-degree murder warrant was subsequently issued for 35-year-old Robert Ashley Williams of London.
Transcript for GOP memo alleges FBI and DOJ abused government surveillance powers in Russia probe
It was declassified. And let's hear what happened. Lot of people should be ashamed President Trump against the recommendation of his own FBI director declassified a controversial memo written by Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee. The memo posted this afternoon is critical of deputy attorney general rob Rosen Stein and others for their roles in renewing a surveillance warrant on former trump campaigning Carter page. At its crux the memo argues that the FBI and Department of Justice used information from Christopher steals unsubstantiated dossier to renew their finds a surveillance warrant against paid without disclosing that the dossier was paid for in part the Clinton Campaign this dossier was the foundational. Basis. Or spying on American citizens Democrats in the committee have charged that the memo cheery picks thaksin critiques the chair DeVon unit at trump LA. For releasing misleading allegations. Calling it a shameful effort to discredit these institutions undermine the special counsel's ongoing investigation and undercut congressional probes and former FBI director James Conley tweets that sits dishonest and misleading memo wreck the house Intel committee destroyed trust with intelligence community and image relationship with finds a court in inexcusable he exposed class fine investigation I'm an American citizen. Four white DOJ and FBI must keep doing their jobs. Critics charge that this is all an effort to compromise the special counsel Robert smaller and the one man who could fire him. Deputy attorney general rob rose and Stein the president was asked the memo makes him more likely to fire Rosen Stein. You figure that one out. The top Democrat on the committee congressman Adam Schiff says that the memo tells a political story to help the president. And already Democrats are warning that if the president did in fact trying to use the memo as a basis for trying to fire roads and sign or Muller. That it would be considered an attempt to obstruct justice. Lana Zack ABC news Washington.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea says it released an American university student over what it calls humanitarian reasons in its first official comment since he was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma.
The state-run Korean Central News Agency on Thursday said Otto Warmbier had been sentenced to hard labor but didn't comment on his medical condition.
The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. He got 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after he tearfully confessed that he had tried to steal a propaganda banner.
His father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that his son was “terrorized and brutalized” and has been in a coma for more than a year.
Comments
comments
Apple has hired former U.S. Supreme Court law clerk Katherine Adams to replace retiring Bruce Sewell as General Counsel. In addition to her work as a law clerk at the highest court in the land, Ms. Adams is currently General Counsel for electronics firm Honeywell.
Katherine Adam
Early in her career, Ms. Adams served as a law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. She also served as a law clerk for Stephen Breyer when he was chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Mr. Breyer currently sits on the Supreme Court. But she also has experience on the prosecutorial side, having served as a trial attorney for the United States Department of Justice, Appellate Section, Environment and Natural Resources division.
It's an impressive resume, which is important for a company like Apple, whose legal needs span the gamut of regulatory frameworks around the world, IP protection, and operating a global fleet of retail stores and manufacturing operations, each subject to local laws. Apple is also the frequent target of both frivolous and meritorious lawsuits, especially in the U.S.
“We are thrilled to welcome Kate to our team. She's a seasoned leader with outstanding judgment and that has worked on a wide variety of legal cases globally. Throughout her career she's also been an advocate on many of the values we at Apple hold dear,” Apple Tim Cook said in a statement.
Bruce Sewell
Bruce Sewell has been front and center for Apple for eight years as General Counsel. He has represented the company at Congressional hearings, led Apple's once-aggressive patent infringement efforts, MC'd Apple annual shareholder meetings, and that's just the somewhat public-facing side of that job.
Apple's press release announcing Ms. Adams' hiring was part welcome for her and part tribute to Mr. Sewell. The most likely unstated message in that approach is that Mr. Sewell wasn't being forced out or asked to step down. As noted above, the position of General Counsel is extremely important to multinationals like Apple—especially rich multinationals. Wall Street would get cranky as all get out if there was a hint of scandal or problem involving its General Counsel.
“Bruce has our best wishes for his retirement, after eight years of dedicated service to Apple and a tremendously successful career,” Mr. Cook said. “He has tirelessly defended our IP, our customers' right to privacy and our values. Bruce has set a new standard for general counsels, and I am proud to have worked with him and proud to call him a friend.”
As much as politicians from across the state want to deny it, California's pension problems are far from over.
The California Public Employees' Retirement System paid out nearly $21 billion in pension benefits last year, according to Transparent California, a watchdog group that tracks and publishes data on public sector pay and pensions. That's up 43 percent from 2012.
Citing CalPERS payout data from the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017, Transparent California noted that CalPERS began paying out pensions to 25,472 new retirees in the last fiscal year alone, at a cost of $1 billion annually.
Among those who began receiving checks in the new fiscal year, former Gardena City Manager Mitchell Lansdell topped the list for the most lucrative pension, receiving $258,992. A little bit down the list for the fifth-most lucrative pension is Darryl Qualls, former deputy police chief for Pasadena, who began drawing a pension worth $215,173.
Not far behind is Christopher Vicino, former assistant police chief in the city of Riverside, with his annualized pension coming in at $215,101. Vicino now works for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power as director of security and emergency management for the utility.
Among the new CalPERS pensioners from Orange County is Robert Dunek, former city manager of Lake Forest, who began receiving his yearly pension of $211,517. His pension is the 12th highest among those who began receiving a pension in the last fiscal year.
While there are those who will insist these $200k club pensioners are mere outliers, it's worth noting that there are 40 agencies or state departments with at least 100 retirees receiving a pension in excess of $100,000 a year.
The California Highway Patrol tops the list of government employers with the most CalPERS pensioners in the $100k club, with 1,217 retirees receiving such a pension. The Department of Corrections is third, with 613 100k club CalPERS retirees and the Department Of Forestry And Fire Protection is fifth with 521 100k club CalPERS retirees.
Related Articles Arizona couldn't defy the feds on immigration and neither can California
When California cities blur the line between tax education and tax advocacy
It is my hope and prayer the Supreme Court upholds access to comprehensive reproductive health care
Congress should do its job and end U.S. support for the Saudi war in Yemen
Iran persecutes Christians, so why won't President Trump welcome them to America? But many local governments make the list as well. Riverside County has 499 100k club pensioners, with a dozen receiving a pension in excess of $200,000. The city of Long Beach has 374 retirees receiving a pension of at least $100,000, with five receiving a pension in excess of $200,000.
The city of Santa Ana has just two retired employees receiving a pension above $200,000, but it has 285 retired workers receiving a pension of at least $100,000. While Anaheim has slightly fewer $100k club pensioners — 283 — it has eight receiving pensions in excess of $200,000.
Make no mistake: this is not sustainable. These pensions might be on the higher end, but the ballooning of pensions at all levels is undeniable. It's also undeniable that pension costs have continued to crowd out finite resources throughout the state and that this trend will continue.
California taxpayers have to decide whether or not they're fine with government employees making lavish pensions to the detriment of current government services. At the end of the day, it will be the taxpayers holding the bag, while the politicians who got us into this mess will be long gone and unaccountable.
India's space agency says it has successfully launched more than 100 foreign nano satellites into orbit.
The Indian Space Research Organization says the nano satellites — those weighing less than 10 kilograms (22 pounds) — were taken on board its polar satellite launch vehicle in southern India and sent into orbit on Wednesday.
The agency says the launching of the 104 satellites is a record, overtaking Russia's feat of sending 37 satellites in a single launch in 2014.
The nano satellites belong to various companies in the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, the Netherlands and Kazakhstan, according to the ISRO.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) — Canada's Transportation Safety Board says the capsizing of a whale-watching boat that killed five British nationals and one Australian was caused by a rogue wave higher than the boat.
The board says in a report released Wednesday that 24 passengers and three crew were aboard the Leviathan II when a deckhand heard a noise and saw a large breaking wave on Oct. 25, 2015.
The captain attempted to turn the 20-meter (65-feet) boat to minimize the wave's impact, but TSB investigator Clinton Rebeiro says it struck before his actions could be effective.
The boat capsized about 9 miles (14 kilometers) off Tofino, a popular destination for whale watchers at the very tip of a peninsula some 200 miles (320 kilometers) northwest of Victoria, the capital of British Columbia.
Children were left “inconsolable” after they were told their dream trip to Lapland was cancelled as they sat at an airport gate waiting to board their flight.
The Hunter and Quinn families were brimming with excitement after booking a visit to see Father Christmas, complete with snowmobile rides, huskies and reindeer, in Finland.
Zach Hunter and Josh Quinn with Josh's mum Mandy who were excited ahead of their trip to Finland.
But they were devastated when they discovered the delays to their flight from Newcastle Airport because of a frosty windscreen had led to a cancellation, after another passenger spotted an update online.
After their flight was delayed by two-and-a-half hours they were finally told it would not be taking off.
They say police were called down to the lounge in case trouble broke out as hundreds of passengers realised they would not be going on their winter wonderland adventure.
Michael Hunter, 43, from Hylton Castle, who runs eVolve Date Solutions, and his wife Kathleen, 43, a logistics planner for IAC in Southwick Industrial Estate, had booked up for their children Jay, 14, who attends St Robert's of Newminster Catholic School, Faith, eight, and Zach, five, who go to St John Bosco RC Primary in Town End Farm.
Ideally, we want them to reschedule and put it back on, because fair enough, we'll get our money back, but that's not what's important to us, it's about the magic for our kids. Michael Hunter
Michael paid £2,400 for the day package, while his cousin Mark Quinn, a gas fitter for EON from Havelock Park, and his wife Mandy, a dental nurse, both 38, spent £1,900 on a booking for them and their son Josh, six, a pupil at St Cuthbert's in Grindon, and Mark's mum Dorothy, 68.
They have been told they will get a refund and a £50 voucher per person from the firm, but are calling on tour operator Thomsons to fulfil their children's dream by rescheduling Sunday's trip or another festive break.
Michael said: “When we got to the gate, there was no representative of Thomsons, just ground staff, who were good, but it was delayed and delayed again.
“Because we had been before with Jay, we knew we were losing valuable time because you still come back at the same time.
The plane the families were due to board before their flight was cancelled due to a "technical issue."
“A rumour started that it was saying on the internet it had been cancelled, but that wasn't relayed to us.
“My daughter was inconsolable.
“There was one single dad and he had brought this trip for them for their Christmas.
“Everyone was absolutely devastated.
Jay Hunter with sister Faith and brother Zack and their dad's cousin's son Josh Quinn.
“Ideally, we want them to reschedule and put it back on, because fair enough, we'll get our money back, but that's not what's important to us, it's about the magic for our kids.”
Mandy, who had kept the trip a secret until she woke Josh up to show their Elf on a Shelf holding his passport, said: “Honestly, we couldn't believe it, it was heartbreaking.
“Josh was all dressed in his Christmas jumper and we showed him all the snow gloves and hat we'd got for him to wear where we were going, he was so excited.
“What happened was a complete shambles. We had got to the airport for 5am and we were still sitting there at 9.45am.
“We're so bitter about what happened, it's disgraceful.”
Thomsons, which is owned by TUI, has been contacted for comment.
In a letter to customers, it apologised and said the issued had been down to a technical issue caused by adverse weather.
It invites them to amend their trip date and states: “We appreciate how disappointing the cancellation will be for you and your family. “We'd like to reassure you that the decision wasn't made lightly and was done with the safety of our customers in mind.”
Why crappie fishing? With all of the other species out there why fish for crappie? Bass may provide a thrilling fight on the line, catfish are the illusive giants of the lake and bream are an easy catch on a hot summer day, but crappie fall somewhere in the middle of all of this.
They can be illusive or abundant, lazy or aggressive, shallow or deep. Fact is they always make it an exciting puzzle to catch them.
South Carolina crappie fishing heats up with the temps this time of year and we are surrounded by some of the best waters in the state. Perhaps the fish that put the “pan” in pan fish, crappie are one of the most sought after species for the table.
We have both the black and white sub species found throughout the state. Spring crappies generally stage on woody cover in shallower water near deeper water.
Crappies have favorite spots and will return to them year after year… so make sure to note where, when, and what you caught the fish on, it could be a recipe for success for years to come.
Following the spawn, they move to deeper more open water where they again suspend near structure. The darker the water the more likely they are to favor the structure location.
Woody cover is the favored staging spot for crappie and the pre- and post-spawn periods are prime times to find them on the brush.
Fishing deep brush is highly predictable and even during the spawn will produce fish because not all crappies move at the same time to or from the shallows during the course of the spawning season…, which can run into summer in some lakes and rivers.
To clarify deep is a relative term. It can mean water that is 10 feet deep on one lake or 25+ feet on another, depending on water clarity, spring rains or other factors. Simple experimentation will provide the answer.
Finding brush with crappie is job number one. Modern equipment such as down/side scan imaging sonar makes the process simple.
Woody cover cannot only be found but fish can be marked and the depths they are holding at can be noted.
One of the best techniques is simple fishing small jigs vertically over deep brush
Depending on the season and therefore their location crappie will dine on all sorts of local forage. Most of their diet consists of zoo plankton, aquatic insects and juvenile fish… so small baits are the ticket.
One of the best techniques is simple fishing small jigs vertically over deep brush. Long rods with fast action tips paired with an ultra-light reel are my favorite combination. The rod should have a fast tip for “feel” and plenty of backbone to muscle slabs out of heavy cover.
When you catch a crappie note the exact depth and repeat the presentation. 6lb test line is a good starting point for crappie, I go as light as possible and often use 4lb test. Many crappie pros use high visibility line for a reason, they want to see it.
Crappie bites can be ultra-subtle, and sometime just a little “tick” of line movement will be the only clue to a bite. A quick snap of the wrist will load that slab on the hook!
Jig size is crucial, heavier jigs (1/8 or 1/16) will provide more feel and may produce-but don't leave a potential crappie brush until you have dropped a 1/32 or even a 1/64 ounce jig.
Strangely enough the size of crappie caught is often inversely proportional to the size of the jig.
If jigs are not working-no crappie ever resisted a live minnow. Also, try tipping jigs with minnows or Crappie Nibbles.
One of my favorite baits are Gulp Alive Shiners. Lower your jig until it bumps the brush, then raise and lower your rod tip as you swim the jig around the cover.
If crappies are home they usually bite quickly. I find that low light periods are often best for active fish but not always.
On clear summer days you might have to probe the cover extensively to find the fish.
Crappie are consistently found on the same spots year after year
The old adage, “if you are not hanging up-you are not fishing good crappie cover” is often true. These fish hang very tight to cover in deep and shallow water.
Now where are those brush piles? Crappie fisherman are among the most tight lipped anglers there are and for good reason.
Crappie are consistently found on the same spots year after year. Lakes Marion and Moultrie hold great numbers of both black and white crappie.
Don't overlook the rivers either, the Tail Race Canal/Cooper River and the upper Ashley offer some fine crappie action as well. According to Ross Self, Chief of
Fisheries for SCDNR “Crappie population state wide looks healthy, and barring any unusual weather situations, the 2018 crappie fishing forecast is promising.” Go light, get in the yak, find cover and find the fish!
Crappie fishing can become highly addictive due to the minimal cost, effort it takes to find the fish and the tasty reward on the dinner table.
Hopefully this is enough to get you on the water and on the prowl for a crappie or two.
After crappie fishing for a while, you will pick up on their tendencies and be able to more quickly pinpoint their locations and haul them in.
Crappie also happen to be the July's target species for the Lowcountry Kayak Anglers, remember to photo your big ones and send them!
Chad Quick, Lowcountry Kayak Anglers
You may enjoy reading Kayaks & Bedded Bass
08:14 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Former Australian PM: Cut aid to Palestinian Authority Read more
Former Australian PM says country should cut aid to PA, support Trump in moving embassy to Jerusalem. ► ◄ Last Briefs
(Michael Quine/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP). Gavin Cox, left, who was injured during an illusion by David Copperfield at the MGM, sits with his wife during opening statements of his suit against Coperfield and the MGM Grand on Friday, April 13, 2018.
(AP Photo/John Locher). Illusionist David Copperfield appears in court, Tuesday, April 17, 2018, in Las Vegas. A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British man claimed he was badly hurt as he p...
(AP Photo/John Locher). Illusionist David Copperfield appears in court, Tuesday, April 17, 2018, in Las Vegas. A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British man claimed he was badly hurt as he p...
(AP Photo/John Locher). Chris Kenner, business partner of Illusionist David Copperfield, testifies in court, Tuesday, April 17, 2018, in Las Vegas. A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British ...
(AP Photo/John Locher). Illusionist David Copperfield appears in court, Tuesday, April 17, 2018, in Las Vegas. A Nevada jury got a rare behind-the-scenes look at a David Copperfield disappearing act after a British man claimed he was badly hurt as he p...
By KEN RITTER
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - David Copperfield insisted Tuesday he knew of no one being injured during more than 15 years of performing a signature vanishing act at the center of a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims he was seriously hurt in a fall during a Las Vegas performance.
Amid complaints from his lawyers about widespread media coverage, the world-famous illusionist returned to the witness stand, telling a Nevada jury about the trick that makes people seems to disappear on stage and reappear in the back of the theater.
At least 55,000 audience volunteers have taken part in the illusion over 17 years, according to Copperfield and show executive producer Chris Kenner, who testified last week.
In 60 to 90 seconds, stagehands with flashlights ushered randomly chosen participants past dark curtains, down passageways, around corners, outdoors, indoors and through an MGM Grand resort kitchen to re-enter the theater and "reappear" for the show finale, according to testimony.
Copperfield remains on stage the entire time.
Benedict Morelli, attorney for plaintiff Gavin Cox, has characterized the route as an obstacle course and the pace as dangerously fast for people who might not have appropriate footwear and are not told in advance what they will encounter.
Copperfield said he and stagehands assessed the capabilities of audience volunteers as they approached the stage, climbed stairs and seated themselves in a boxy 13-seat apparatus for the illusion. The trick is dubbed "The Thirteen," for the number of seats.
The jury has been told that some volunteers were turned away.
Over the objections of Copperfield attorney Elaine Fresch, Morelli asked Copperfield if he thought the number of people not injured by the illusion over the years suggested it was safe.
"I'm not in the business of hurting people," Copperfield said.
"The illusion must be safe because of how many people have done it without getting injured?" Morelli asked.
"Numbers are not a defense," Copperfield said, adding he couldn't remember hearing of anyone getting hurt.
Copperfield said he didn't know Cox claimed to have been injured in November 2013 until he was sued the following year. He said he stopped performing the illusion a year later.
Cox alleges he fell after being hurried by stagehands through an alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin. The resident of Kent, England, claims lasting brain and bodily injuries from his fall have cost him more than $400,000 in medical care.
Fresch lost a bid Tuesday for a mistrial based on the amount of media coverage about the case, including interviews involving Morelli.
Clark County District Court Judge Mark Denton allowed testimony to resume after asking jurors if they saw news items about the case during a five-day break in the civil trial. Three said they turned off broadcasts when they encountered them.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial motions to close proceedings to the public to avoid giving away performance secrets.
A state appeals court ruled Friday that Denton can close the courtroom to the public for some testimony to protect tradecraft.
____
This story corrects references to time doing trick to "more than 15 years," instead of "nearly 20" years.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ELIZABETHTON, TN- Citing personal reasons, Barry Johnson resigned from his position of Elizabethton High School Girls Basketball Head Coach. His resignation as head coach is effective Dec. 11, 2017, but he will continue teaching. Lucas Andrews will serve as Interim Head Coach for the remainder of the season.
Advertisement
New Cafe Coming to Old Cloverdale
by Ellis Eskew
A new eatery is coming to old Cloverdale in Montgomery.
Vintage Year, a fine dining restaurant and bar, is expanding. Management says they are opening a breakfast and lunch spot across the street from their current location on Cloverdale Road.
The new bistro will be called Vintage Cafe.
“This side of Cloverdale, it's something that will fill a void, we believe. Coffee shop, pastries, healthy lunch options, sandwiches, grab-and-go items. We will be open early in the morning anytime to come through before work or late lunch. We also will serve wine and beer,” said Vintage Year General Manager Chase Brown.
The building was previously home to a Regions Bank, which closed in April. Before that, it was the First National Bank.
Brown says the café will open in early fall.
The Hamilton housing market was booming the last time we chatted with Rosemary and Rick Ferroni, and this morning they were back with an update of what has happened in July.
Follow-on Instagram & Facebook
Alabama's Key Declares for NBA Draft; Won't Hire Agent
by Rashad Snell
Alabama forward Braxton Key is declaring for the NBA draft after leading the team in scoring as a freshman.
The school said Monday Key won't hire an agent, giving him until May 24 to decide whether to return next season.
Key averaged 12.0 points per game last season while ranking second on the team in rebounding and assists. His numbers climbed in Southeastern Conference games, where he averaged 14.0 points and 6.1 rebounds.
He made the SEC All-Freshman team. Key was the league's freshman of the week on Jan. 30 after posting a combined 45 points and 18 rebounds in games against Georgia and Mississippi State.
He scored in double digits a team-high 20 times.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Listen to Jacketsonline publisher Kelly Quinlan and staff writer Jared Halus talk about the Georgia Tech 2018 spring game and recap the spring with an eye toward the upcoming season.
Paris' prosecutor's office says that three suspects in a thwarted attack last week in the southern French city of Montpellier have been handed preliminary terrorism charges.
Authorities gave only the suspects' first names. A teenage girl, Sara, and a man called Thomas were charged with terrorist association and possessing explosives Tuesday night. Another man, Malik, was also charged with justifying terrorism.
Last week, anti-terrorism forces uncovered a makeshift laboratory for fabricating a bomb. France's top security official Friday said the raid thwarted an "imminent attack."
A police official said the teenage girl — among several arrested — had pledged loyalty to the Islamic State group in a recent video.
France is still under a state of emergency after several deadly attacks in 2015 and 2016.
for Monica Sok
We didn't hold typhoons or tropics in our hands. I didn't reach across the table on our first date at Cornelia Street Café. In my humid pockets,
my fists were old tennis balls thrown to the stray dog of love bouncing toward the Hudson down to South Ferry. We didn't hold hands in that cold
October wind, but the waves witnessed our promise to return to my cratered-deforested homeland, and you to your parents', sometime in the future.
No citizenship or some other violence in our countries (separated by the Pacific, tied by the latitude of dragon fruits, tamarinds, mangosteens) was why
we couldn't, and can't, return for now. Then, us in the subway at 2 am, oh the things I dreamt: a kiss to the back of your neck, collarbone, belly-button, there—
to kneel and bow my head, then return to the mole next to your lips and taste your latitude together. Instead, I went home, you touched my cheek,
it was enough. I stood, remembering what it's like to stand on desert dirt wishing stars would fall as rain, on that huge dark country ahead of me.
[Want more? Buy the issue in print or as an ebook]
KDNK's local newscast airs weekday mornings at 6:41 and 7:41.
Since November 9th, 2016, state and national organizers of the Women's March on Washington have inspired thousands of Coloradans to travel to D.C. on January 21st, the day after the inauguration. They have partnered with more than 30 groups to build the movement. KGNU's Maeve Conran spoke with Colorado co-organizer Kenzie Rodriguez last month about the issues, the organizations, and some of the problems organizers have had to overcome. Rodriguez begins by explaining why this isn't an anti-Trump march.
If you can't go to D.C. but still want to be involved, buses are leaving Glenwood Springs for Denver's Civic Center Park at 5:19 AM on the 21st and will be back around 7 PM the same day. Seats are still available. Here's how to get on the bus.
If you can't go to Denver, you can join the “Alice March for Women and Land” in Carbondale. More information is right here.
A new poll asked Latino voters in Colorado and across the nation how they feel about climate change, clean energy and air pollution. Eric Galatas has the results.
And, the state's new minimum wage of nine dollars and thirty cents per hour took effect over the weekend, following successful passage of minimum wage increases at the ballot last year. In an interview last month, Colorado Nonprofit Association CEO Renny Fagan told news director Gavin Dahl about why nonprofits supported the increase.
Shutterstock / U.S. Army
What did officials at U.S. Africa Command know about the fate of Sgt. La David Johnson, and when did they know it?
On October 4, U.S. Special Forces soldiers, operating alongside local troops, were ambushed by Islamist militants in the West African nation of Niger. The next day, AFRICOM announced that three Americans had been killed. But the day after that, AFRICOM unexpectedly updated the toll: a fourth U.S. soldier, Sgt. La David Johnson, had also been slain.
Despite an enormous amount of attention on the killings – not least because President Donald Trump was accused of offending Johnson's widow when he phoned her to offer his condolences – the Pentagon has refused to officially say what happened to Johnson. Reporting by the Washington Post, among others, based on unnamed military sources, indicated that the Pentagon had immediately dispatched a team of elite commandos to search for him. The Post also reported in November that Johnson was likely taken prisoner, bound, and murdered. But AFRICOM has consistently refused to confirm whether Johnson survived the initial ambush.
Reporting by The Intercept reveals, however, that the day after Johnson was separated from his Special Forces Unit, officials at the headquarters of Africa Command apparently said he was alive. A closed-door conversation at AFRICOM, heard by this reporter over an open phone line, adds this new detail to the Pentagon's murky timeline of events surrounding the deaths of the four soldiers.
On October 5, I made scores of calls to AFRICOM's media relations office in Stuttgart, Germany, which is where the command's headquarters are located. Most went unanswered or resulted in me being hung up on (a response that reflects AFRICOM's dissatisfaction with my reporting). In one instance, however, AFRICOM personnel did not properly disconnect the call, apparently placing it on speakerphone. As a result, for roughly one hour, conversations inside the press office – from mundane exchanges to screaming outbursts — were broadcast over the open phone line.
hood county news The Granbury City Council this week approved some rezoning related to the planned library expansion.
The council rezoned the area from Business Commercial to Central Business District.
Two agenda
WASHINGTONVILLE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A local high schooler had an early graduation ceremony in order for her terminally ill mother could attend.
The bedside ceremony was one of the last things Elizabeth De Leon asked for after a grueling three-year battle with colon cancer.
When her health took a turn for the worse a few months ago, the 51-year-old declared that she wanted to live long enough to see her daughter graduate from Washingtonville High School on June 21st.
“I would always tell her I won't get my cap and gown until graduation,” daughter Cassidy told CBS2's Elise Finch.
Richard Pagan is Elizabeth's oldest child, and was determined to make the graduation happen for his sister and mother. He called principal Brian Connolly late last week and asked for help.
“I was able to get into the school over the weekend, retrieve her diploma and a cap and gown and bring it to the hospital,” Connolly said.
The principal also presided over the bittersweet Memorial Day ceremony, where he talked about what an asset the cheerleader and talented artist Cassidy is to the school community.
Elizabeth's family said she was catatonic in the days before the graduation, but she was alert and smiling as soon as she saw her daughter in her cap and gown.
“She was happy, and me and Cassidy told her ‘mom, it's okay. You can go now',” Pagan said.
Elizabeth De Leon passed away shortly after the ceremony, but her children say they're grateful to everyone who helped them grant their mother's dying wish. She'll be laid to rest on Monday.
Cassidy will graduate with the rest of her class on June 21st.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
The Solomon Islands Government have secured the land required to construct a national stadium for the 2023 Pacific Games.
Negotiations for the land in capital Honiara, located on the island of Guadalcanal, have been delayed for nearly a year.
An agreement has now been reached for a site, however, which is located near the King George VI Secondary School and the University of the South Pacific.
Pacific Games Council (PGC) chief executive Andrew Minogue praised the progress made on securing the land.
He expressed his hope the breakthrough would boost preparations for the Games.
"On those two facilities, the school and the university, is going to be the Athletes' Villages for the Games, where all the teams and delegations will stay," Minogue told Radio New Zealand.
"So it's always made a lot of sense to have the main hub of the Games - your main stadium, your athletics track and so on - in those grounds but we've been made aware the last year or so that there are some land issues around getting full access to that site.
"It appears through the Prime Minister's department they've intervened and basically brought all the stakeholders together and got an agreement which is really quite helpful."
PGC chief executive Andrew Minogue hopes the agreement leads to further progress ©PGC
A location for the Games' swimming venue is expected to be the next major challenge for organisers.
Solomon Islands were awarded the Games back in 2016, having seen off the challenge of rivals Tahiti.
They are poised to become the seventh nation to host the Games, which take place every four years.
The PGC are hoping to avoid a similar scenario to what affected the 2019 Games, which saw Tonga's Government withdraw as hosts due to financial reasons.
Samoa were named as replacement hosts in December.
Minogue has stated a revised host city agreement has been signed with the Solomon Islands.
The agreement will see several milestones set to ensure preparations remain on track.
It was mayhem this past week as 11 of the top 25 teams suffered a setback -- and seven of them went down to teams that weren't in the power rankings. Oregon cracked the top 25 with a healthy Dillon Brooks; the Ducks beat UCLA and crushed USC.
A pair of ACC teams -- Florida State and Virginia Tech -- were the big movers. The Seminoles used a tremendous long-distance display from Dwayne Bacon to beat Virginia in Charlottesville, while the Hokies cruised past Duke (without Grayson Allen) in Blacksburg.
North Carolina took a hit with its shocking loss to Georgia Tech. Indiana fell after a pair of setbacks (including one at home against Nebraska). South Carolina was the lone team to fall out after a loss at Memphis.
Week 1 | Week 2 | Week 3?| Week 4?| Week 5?| Week 6?
1. Villanova Wildcats
Record: 14-0
Last week's ranking: 1
Jay Wright's team got wins over DePaul and at Creighton to close out 2016 with 38 wins in the calendar year, which is the most since Kansas won 39 in 1997.
2. Baylor Bears
Record: 13-0
Last week's ranking: 3?
The Bears handed Oklahoma its worst loss in Norman in the Lon Kruger era with a 26-point shellacking. Johnathan Motley went for 19 points and 13 boards in the rout.
3. UCLA Bruins
Record: 14-1
Last week's ranking: 2?
The good news was that the Bruins got big man Thomas Welsh back and he scored 20 at Oregon. The bad is that Steve Alford's team lost to the Ducks on a last-second shot from Dillon Brooks.
4. Kansas Jayhawks
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 4
Landen Lucas had 15 points and a career-high 17 boards, but the Jayhawks struggled at TCU. It was largely due to the defense. Without Udoka Azubuike, there isn't much in terms of interior defense.
5. Gonzaga Bulldogs
Record: 14-0
Last week's ranking: 7?
The Zags remain undefeated following wins at Pepperdine and Pacific. Gonzaga trailed by 8 early in the second half against Pacific before going on a 25-4 run.
6. Louisville Cardinals
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 6
After a home loss to Virginia in which he scored just seven points and didn't defend as well as Rick Pitino wanted, Donovan Mitchell was benched to start the game against Indiana. He responded with a career-high 25 points in the win over the Hoosiers.
7. Kentucky Wildcats
Record: 11-2
Last week's ranking: 8?
Isaiah Briscoe recorded the program's second triple-double (19 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds) this season -- and just third in program history -- in an easy win at Ole Miss.
8. Duke Blue Devils
Record 12-2
Last week's ranking: 5?
In the first game without Allen, the Blue Devils lost in Blacksburg to Virginia Tech. Luke Kennard did his part with 34 points, but Duke's defense allowed Virginia Tech to shoot 55 percent from the field and 62 percent from 3.
9. Florida State Seminoles
Record: 14-1
Last week's ranking: 19?
Dwayne Bacon shot 28 percent from 3 a season ago and improving his perimeter shot was one of the reasons he didn't try and leave for the NBA after his freshman season. Bacon went for 29 points in a win over Virginia, was 6 of 9 from deep and hit the game-winner with two seconds left -- a 3-pointer.
10. Creighton Bluejays
Record: 13-1
Last week's ranking: 10
Creighton lost at home to Villanova in the first Big East matchup of unbeatens since 1989. Creighton only made 6 of 24 shots from beyond the arc.
11. Oregon Ducks
Record: 13-2b
Last week's ranking: NR?
The loss against Baylor doesn't look so bad now, and the setback against Georgetown came in Dillon Brooks' first game back. Oregon beat previously undefeated UCLA and pounded USC this past week.
12. West Virginia Mountaineers
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 16?
Bob Huggins' team blasted Oklahoma State in Stillwater, exacting a little revenge over his former assistant Brad Underwood, who beat him last year in the NCAA tournament when he was with Stephen F. Austin.
13. Virginia Tech Hokies
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 23?
The Hokies snapped a nine-game losing streak in the series with a win over an Allen-less Duke team -- and it wasn't even close. Virginia Tech scored 89 points. That's the most the Blue Devils have allowed this season.
14. Virginia Cavaliers
Record: 11-2
Last week's ranking: 18?
Tony Bennett and the Cavs got a huge road win against Louisville, but then watched as Bacon went bananas and lost to Florida State in Charlottesville. The Seminoles were just the second team all season to out-rebound Virginia.
15. North Carolina Tar Heels
Record 12-3
Last week's ranking: 9?
Justin Jackson couldn't miss from deep in the rout over Monmouth, going 6 of 9 from 3. But he was 0-for-5 in a shocking loss in Atlanta to a Georgia Tech team that is slated to finish at or near the bottom of the ACC.
16. Wisconsin Badgers
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 11?
Nigel Hayes attempted 31 3-pointers in the first six games; he has taken just six over the past eight.
17. Xavier Musketeers
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 14?
Edmond Sumner's best effort of the season -- a 28-point, 8-rebound, 6-assist performance in a win at Georgetown -- was needed while Trevon Bluiett scoring just one point.
18. Florida Gators
Record: 10-3
Last week's ranking: 20?
North Little Rock native KeVaughn Allen was booed in his return to Arkansas; he responded with 21 points in the 81-72 win.
19. Butler Bulldogs
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 13?
Butler bounced back from a loss at St. John's with an easy win against Providence. Next is a date at Hinkle with No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday.
20. Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Irish Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 17?
Steve Vasturia's game-winning 3 with 2.5 seconds left gave the Irish a road win at Pittsburgh. It also gave Notre Dame its sixth consecutive overtime victory.
21. Arizona Wildcats
Record: 13-2
Last week's ranking: 24?
Sean Miller got point guard Parker Jackson-Cartwright back, and the Wildcats swept Cal and Stanford on the road.
22. Saint Mary's Gaels
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 22
Randy Bennett returned just about everyone from last year's team, but it was a pair of freshmen who were key in a win against San Diego: Aussie Tanner Krebs and California native Jordan Ford combined for 24 points in 23 minutes.
23. Purdue Boilermakers
Record: 12-3
Last week's ranking: 12?
Caleb Swanigan had another 20-20 game, his third in the last four, but the Boilermakers lost at home to Minnesota.
24. Indiana Hoosiers
Record: 10-4
Last week's ranking: 15?
The wins over Kansas and UNC seem like an eternity ago after IU lost at home to Nebraska and was blown out by Louisville in Indianapolis this past week.
25. USC Trojans
Record: 14-1
Last week's ranking: 21?
The trio of Chimezie Metu, Shaqquan Aaron and Jordan McLaughlin were just 3-of-25 from the field in a blowout loss at Oregon, the Trojans' first setback of the season.
Dropped out: South Carolina
Nat is the Co-Founder and Editor-in-Chief of BC Media Group and all its properties. You can find him on Facebook or Twitter @Nathanielberman
A charity which helps young people into work is rounding off a successful year with three new long-term contracts.
The Employability Trust has been awarded a major contract to refurbish and upholster furniture for Hill Cross, who supply to leading food chains including Nandos and Pizza Express.
We've not only grown our portfolio in terms of the companies we work with but since launching our commercial arm, UK Solutions, we're also winning larger, longer term contracts which have boosted our core revenue streams and given us stability. Bill Marley
The Peterlee-based charity, whose commercial arm, UK Solutions, has enhanced its ability to secure bigger, longer term conracts from some of the North East's leading manufacturers, has also been commissioned by Durham Box to package materials for the automotive industry.
The expansion of the Employability Trust's client portfolio has led to a 78 per cent increase in staff, including eight people who have been taken on during November and December.
Bill Marley, chief executive, said: “It's been a fantastic year for the trust and to end on such a high really is the icing on the cake for us.
“We've not only grown our portfolio in terms of the companies we work with but since launching our commercial arm, UK Solutions, we're also winning larger, longer-term contracts which have boosted our core revenue streams and given us stability. This is a big thing for us because it means we can plan our workload and capacity rather than having to be reactive.
“The contracts we've won with Hill Cross and Durham Box are definitely a step up and are reflective of just how much the Employability Trust and UK Solutions have grown in 2016.”
This year has also seen the expansion of the Employability Trust into Seaham, with a new unit within Castle Eden Brewery at Spectrum Business Park, and, with talks ongoing to open a further facility in Darlington.
The Employability Trust was set up by Bill Marley five years ago to help young people gain the skills and experience needed to secure sustainable employment. In that time the team has helped hundreds of people, who had struggled to find work, into secure employment with a range of companies throughout the region, including BHK, Benfield Motors and Décor Panels.
Bill added: “We're ending the year on a high and I am genuinely excited for 2017. Our offering is so much stronger now as we're able to provide so much more to clients, including manufacturing and upholstery, which in turn means we can deliver more practical skills training to the young people who come through our door.
“We've really established ourselves as the go-to support for many regional manufacturing companies and we're ideally positioned to grow our portfolio even more next year.”
From the City of Ottawa, here is the most recent Main Street construction newsletter in PDF format – Construction Newsletter No 37 (EN)
by
PARIS (AP) — French authorities are investigating an assault on an 8-year-old boy wearing a Jewish skullcap in a Paris suburb, which President Emmanuel Macron denounced as "heinous."
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said in a statement late Tuesday that investigators suspect the incident Monday in the town of Sarcelles was motivated by anti-Semitism. Collomb said police are doing "everything" to identify the perpetrators, described by French media as teenagers who ran away after tripping and kicking the boy.
Macron tweeted: "Each time a citizen is attacked because of his age, appearance or religion, it is the whole nation that is attacked."
Collomb and Jewish leaders have said the number of anti-Semitic acts in France has risen this month after a drop in previous years.
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood. But this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. He can control his lights with his Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he has installed throughout the home. Sensors tell him when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction, it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more ingrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and his team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says he imagines both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest. They're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would collect and share data only if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet of things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-size robot without even realizing it," he says.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night. 1 Place. 1 Time: A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena.
Travis Tritt, Kane Brown, James Dupre, Scotty McCreery, Joe Nichols, Collin Raye, The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama, Kenny Rogers, Rodney Atkins, Chris Janson, Jamey Johnson, Montgomery Gentry, Michael Ray, Ricky Skaggs, Michael W. Smith, The Randy Travis Band, Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner.
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013, Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery, recently singing “Amazing Grace” at his Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to his iconic “Forever and Ever, Amen” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November. A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation, a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation.
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Getty Image
With all due respect to Mason Plumlee and Jusuf Nurkic, the Serge Ibaka trade announced on Tuesday was the first major transaction ahead of next week's deadline. And boy, it might be a doozy. The Raptors had to part ways with a serviceable and productive swing-man in Terrence Ross, but what they got in return has the potential to significantly transform the Eastern Conference landscape this season and beyond.
After a nearly two-year stranglehold on the East's No. 2 seed, Toronto has slipped all the way to fifth recently as other up-and-coming teams – namely the Celtics, Wizards, and somewhat shockingly the Hawks – have emerged as viable threats, not just to the Raptors but to the suddenly-reeling Cavs as well. Toronto has lost two in a row and have won just four of their last 10.
Despite their emergence in the East, there's been a palpable sense that the Raptors are still one or two moves away from legitimately being able to challenge the Cavs. Beyond their two-headed hydra of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan, it's a roster primarily filled with role players and tertiary stars.
With Ibaka, they couldn't have asked for a better fit. They've been in desperate need a versatile big man who can stretch the floor, defend multiple positions, and protect the rim. Ibaka can also easily play alongside Jonas Valanciunas and slide over to center when Toronto wants to go small, and he's precisely the defender they need to match up against other stud front-court players like Paul Millsap, Al Horford, Marcin Gortat, and Kevin Love.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges are claiming in court that the Education Department has illegally obtained and used their earnings data in order to limit their student loan relief.
A group of former Corinthian students are making the claim in a motion filed over the weekend in federal court in California.
The Education Department announced in December that it will use earnings data in order to determine how much of federal loans to forgive for students of the now defunct for-profit school.
The motion claims that the agency "secretly and illegally co-opted Social Security data." Attorneys with the Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University say the agency should have notified students that it would use their data.
The Education Department declined to comment on pending litigation.
A group of Louisiana basketball players is getting quite a bit of attention for taking a knee as a funeral procession passed by their pickup game Friday, April 20.Sisters Lynn Bienvenu and Johannah Stroud of Denham Springs spotted the teenagers playing a game of basketball. What they did next is something that made Stroud stop in her tracks.The boys stopped their game and dropped to their knees as a sign of support and respect to the family who had lost a loved one."It was really impressive. It meant a lot," Stroud said.The sisters did not want the moment to pass without allowing others to witness, so they snapped a quick photo and shared it on social media."She wanted other people to see it. So, she posted it, and it just took off, " Stroud said.The picture has since gone viral online, and by Monday had been shared more than 700 times."People are hungry to see good things and encouraging things," Stroud said.As for the young men, they have reached out to the family to express their condolences for their loss.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that he doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter. He says only the state Supreme Court can decide that.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where he was serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from his case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending him to prison for the probation violations.
She has strongly defended her impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
___
This story has been corrected to show the judge didn't address retrial, only removal of other judge.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Three Illinois men who were shot to death at point-blank range during a drag racing event in southeastern Wisconsin may have been targeted by a rival gang member, a sheriff's official said Monday.
The three were fatally shot as they stood near a concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove about 7 p.m. Sunday, according to Kenosha County sheriff's officials.
The shooter remains at large, sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki said Monday.
"The victims were known gang members," Malecki said, adding that they came from the Aurora area in Illinois. Deputies were investigating the possibility that the assailant was a rival gang member.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital.
Sheriff David Beth urged any witnesses to the shooting to contact his department.
"A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them," Beth said. "So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this."
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported Tropical Storm Nate is strengthening over the Caribbean Sea as it swiftly moves toward the southern Gulf of Mexico and its projected path shifts to the east.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch live
JUST IN: 10 AM advisory for #Nate has winds up to 50 mph, racing NNW at 21 mph. Track shifted a bit to east. #LAwx pic.twitter.com/JKCrDIByY1 — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
At 10 a.m., the storm was located at 18.7 North, 85.0 West, or about 175 miles southeast of Cozumel, Mexico and about 165 miles north-northeast of Isla Guanaja, Honduras. The storm was moving north-northwest at 21 mph and maximum sustained winds were 50 mph.
Most guidance has trended east since last night...& while the RPM isn't one of our best tropical models, it keeps a more W track on board. pic.twitter.com/a0lJ9L9Qnx — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
The NHC added an Air Force Reserve and NOAA Hurricane Hunter aircraft were investigating Nate over the northwestern Caribbean Sea when the 7 a.m. advisory was issued.
Nate is expected to significantly speed up in the next couple of days. Strengthening is likely as the storm's eye moves over the Caribbean Sea Thursday night. Nate could be a hurricane by the time it reaches the Yucatan Peninsula.
#Nate back over water with 45 mph winds. A bit of an eastward trend in the guidance overnight led to a slight eastward shift in track. #LAwx pic.twitter.com/nOOoXvdU3W — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
Some areas of St. Bernard Parish not protected by the levee system are currently under a mandatory evacuation. Also, Grand Isle is currently under a voluntary evacuation. At this time, no evacuation orders have been issued in the Baton Rouge area.
Latest forecast warns of 4 to 7 feet of storm surge...that would be near and east of center. Exact track key for this element of #Nate. — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
WATCHES AND WARNINGS:
Hurricane Warning Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border
Storm Surge Warning Morgan City, Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border and for northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain
Tropical Storm Warning New Orleans, Lake Pontchartrain, Lake Maurepas, and from west of Grand Isle to Morgan City
Hurricane Watch East of Alabama/Florida border to Okaloosa/Walton County Line
Storm Surge Watch East of Alabama/Florida border to Indian Pass, Florida
Tropical Storm Watch East of Okaloosa/Walton County Line to Indian Pass, Florida
??#TSNate Update 2: #PortFourchon has called VOLUNTARY evacuation. #La1 is OPEN with no impacts from coastal flooding now. MORE???? pic.twitter.com/QTtNNsC8aI — Port Fourchon (@FourchonPort) October 6, 2017
Gov. John Bel Edwards has declared a state of emergency for the entire state of Louisiana in anticipation of potential severe weather and heavy rainfall threatened by Tropical Storm Nate.
"We are taking the potential impacts of Tropical Storm Nate seriously and mobilizing all of the state's emergency preparedness and response mechanisms for a full readiness should this storm severely impact our state,” said Gov. Edwards. “I encourage all Louisianans throughout the state to stay tuned to their local weather outlets and get a game plan in the event of severe weather in our area."
He will meet with state officials Friday afternoon to discuss updates on Tropical Storm Nate. He will then hold a briefing to provide the public with the necessary details from that meeting.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi doesn't zoom into theaters until December, but it's never too early to start planning your movie-going wardrobe. Fear not; Yahoo Movies is here with an exclusive look at several deluxe Star Wars role-playing toys that will be available later this year to perfectly accessorize with Episode VIII.
Among the dozens of new Star Wars toys in Hasbro's pipeline for 2017 — many of which will be on display at this weekend's Toy Fair New York trade show — are a series of weapons and gear based on characters introduced in The Force Awakens who will be returning for The Last Jedi. You can make like Rey with the Bladebuilders Path of the Force Lightstaber ($49.99), the laser sword of choice for the discerning Padawan, by choosing the Jedi-themed connector, which will turn the blade blue. Or, you could channel your inner Kylo Ren, and rebuild your shattered lightsaber with the nasty-looking Sith accessory, which turns the saber red. The Path of the Force saber is compatible with previously released Bladebuilder connectors, allowing dozens of custom configurations.
First Order fans will be well-armed with the Nerf Glowstrike Stormtrooper Deluxe Blaster ($79.99), a motorized weapon that rapid-fires 12 glow-in-the-dark darts accompanied by light and sound effects for maximum Resistance destruction.
Finally, for the hot-shot aces who can fly anything, there's the Black Series Poe Dameron Electronic Helmet ($79.99), a highly detailed, screen-accurate replica of the Resistance pilot's headgear. The helmet has a surround-sound speaker system that plays X-wing and TIE fighter sound effects and communiqués from BB-8.
Aside from the toys inspired by the new films, Hasbro is celebrating the original classic trilogy. The toy company has unveiled several toys in its premium Black Series line commemorating key characters, weapons, and scenes from A New Hope (which marks its 40th anniversary this year) as well as The Empire Strikes Back.
Read More
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
More than 500 healthcare and medical experts and entrepreneurs from more than 20 countries are set to come together for the mHealth Israel conference, to take place in September in Jerusalem.
The conference, which takes place across Israel September 9-14 with a range of events and symposia, will be capped by a keynote conference on September 14, at the Jerusalem Cinematheque just yards from the walls of the historic Old City of Jerusalem. It will include a commercial and innovation track, as well as a medical track, offering opportunity for networking, building cooperation, and examining best practices and the latest developments in the medical field.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A spokeswoman says Democratic U.S. Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland is being treated at a Washington hospital for pneumonia but is expected to recover quickly.
Spokeswoman Katie Grant said Wednesday in an emailed statement that the congressman was being treated with antibiotics and resting after being admitted to The George Washington University Hospital a day earlier. Grant says the 79-year-old Hoyer was diagnosed with pneumococcal pneumonia.
She says Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, looks forward to being back at work "very soon."
Students, parents, and members of the business and educational spheres are invited to attend a speaker summit geared toward clearing up misconceptions about education and career opportunities.
The inaugural, two-panel talk called Pathways Speaker Summit: Truths Revealed has come together through a partnership between the Niagara Catholic District School Board and the Niagara Workforce Planning Board.
Jennifer Pirosko, coordinator of student success with the NCDSB, said the event is a way to set the record straight about what students can expect and what options are available to them when pursuing higher education and a career.
“We're going to address all pathways,” she said.
Those pathways, she said, are workplace, vocation, community living, college, university and apprenticeship.
“And we want to get away from the idea that these things are tiered. Not one is more important than the other.”
She went on to say that these days many students will participate in two or more of these pathways and that's perfectly fine.
The summit takes place on Tuesday night at Club Roma in St. Catharines. The free event doesn't require preregistration and takes place between 6:30 p.m. and 9 p.m.
The panelists are from a wide variety of professions and industries, chosen through their involvement with the Niagara Workforce Planning Board. They will be highlighting not only the myths and misconceptions associated with their fields, but also the skills and education needed in order to enter into them.
Pirosko said it's not only parents and students with questions and misinformed ideas about what options are available, but also teachers and others in the educational field.
She said people often only have knowledge pertaining to the route they took themselves. For instance, if a parent went to college or university, they might be unfamiliar with apprenticeships or other avenues.
This is an opportunity to hear from people in the field directly and have those questions answered.
Pirosko said the event is also a way to encourage students to discover and follow their passions while also setting realistic goals for doing so. She thinks it will open their eyes to many different possibilities.
A “rich and authentic connection with the community” is another way she described the event.
The event is ideal for students and parents of students in the Grade 6 to Grade 10 range.
lbarton@postmedia.com
twitter.com/LBartonTribune
Members of Knesset Yoav Kisch (Likud) and Shelly Yechimovich (Zionist Union) held a surprise visit to the Abu-Kabir detention center last night in order to examine the detention process and the conditions for incarceration from close up.
During the visit, the Knesset members met with prison guards and detainees. In addition, the procedures for the arrival and intake of a detainee were examined, processing and detention conditions of the detainees in the facility.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
The National Weather Service tweeted, "It doesn't get much drier than this," signaling that the dangerous fire conditions just aren't going away.
The wildfire has destroyed 683 homes and burned over 360 square miles of dry brush and timber.
A specialized surveillance plane is expected to join the search effort for a Bay Area man who went missing while skiing near Tahoe, according to a family member.On March 14 at 11:30 p.m., officials say Jane Drummond-Mullarkey reported that her husband, Thomas Mullarkey, had not returned to their cabin in Arnold after a day of skiing at the Bear Valley Mountain Resort in Alpine County.Sheriff's officials say the 65-year-old's car was found at the resort. But due to extreme avalanche danger, they were not able to initiate search efforts.An intensive ground search of the Bear Valley inbound areas concluded Sunday and the efforts have been turned over to Bear Valley Ski Patrol.An RC-26 surveillance plane with infrared technology is due to arrive and aid in the search overnight. Searchers will analyze the data images from that search in the hope of locating Mullarkey.
Today in History
Today is Saturday, Feb. 3, the 34th day of 2018. There are 331 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Feb. 3, 1943, during World War II, the U.S. transport ship SS Dorchester, which was carrying troops to Greenland, sank after being hit by a German torpedo in the Labrador Sea; of the more than 900 men aboard, only some 230 survived. (Four Army chaplains on board gave away their life jackets to save others and went down with the ship.)
On this date:
In 1690, the first paper money in America was issued by the Massachusetts Bay Colony to finance a military expedition to Canada.
In 1783, Spain formally recognized American independence.
In 1913, the 16th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, providing for a federal income tax, was ratified.
In 1917, the United States broke off diplomatic relations with Germany, the same day an American cargo ship, the SS Housatonic, was sunk by a U-boat off Britain after the crew was allowed to board lifeboats.
In 1918, actor-comedian Joey Bishop, a member of Hollywood's legendary "Rat Pack," was born Joseph Abraham Gottlieb in the Bronx, New York.
In 1924, the 28th president of the United States, Woodrow Wilson, died in Washington, D.C., at age 67.
In 1930, the chief justice of the United States, William Howard Taft, resigned for health reasons. (He died just over a month later.)
In 1959, rock-and-roll stars Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson died in a small plane crash near Clear Lake, Iowa. An American Airlines Lockheed Electra crashed into New York's East River, killing 65 of the 73 people on board.
In 1966, the Soviet probe Luna 9 became the first manmade object to make a soft landing on the moon.
In 1972, the XI Olympic Winter Games opened in Sapporo, Japan.
In 1988, the U.S. House of Representatives handed President Ronald Reagan a major defeat, rejecting his request for $36.2 million in new aid to the Nicaraguan Contras by a vote of 219-211.
In 1998, Texas executed Karla Faye Tucker, 38, for the pickax killings of two people in 1983; she was the first woman executed in the United States since 1984. A U.S. Marine plane sliced through the cable of a ski gondola in Italy, causing the car to plunge hundreds of feet, killing all 20 people inside.
Ten years ago: The New York Giants scored a late touchdown to win Super Bowl XLII, 17-14, ending the New England Patriots' run at a perfect season; Giants quarterback Eli Manning, who hit Plaxico Burress on a 13-yard fade with 35 seconds left, was named Most Valuable Player.
Five years ago: Eight people were killed when a tour bus crashed in San Bernardino County, California, while returning 38 tourists to Tijuana, Mexico. A fired Los Angeles police officer launched a revenge war on law enforcement and the families of those he blamed for ending his career, killing four people during a 6-day manhunt that ended with his apparent suicide at a cabin in San Bernardino County. The Baltimore Ravens survived a partial power outage during Super Bowl XLVII in New Orleans to edge the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.
One year ago: President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Paris was plunged into panic — again — when soldiers guarding the Louvre Museum shot an attacker who lunged at them with two machetes and shouted "Allahu Akbar!" as the historic landmark went into lockdown; the suspect, believed to be Egyptian, was taken into custody.
Today's Birthdays: Former Sen. Paul Sarbanes, D-Md., is 85. Football Hall of Famer Fran Tarkenton is 78. Actress Bridget Hanley is 77. Actress Blythe Danner is 75. Singer Dennis Edwards is 75. Football Hall of Famer Bob Griese is 73. Singer-guitarist Dave Davies (The Kinks) is 71. Singer Melanie is 71. Actress Morgan Fairchild is 68. Actress Pamela Franklin is 68. Actor Nathan Lane is 62. Rock musician Lee Ranaldo (Sonic Youth) is 62. Actor Thomas Calabro is 59. Rock musician/author Lol Tolhurst (The Cure) is 59. Actor-director Keith Gordon is 57. Actress Michele Greene is 56. Country singer Matraca (muh-TRAY'-suh) Berg is 54. Actress Maura Tierney is 53. Actor Warwick Davis is 48. Actress Elisa Donovan is 47. Reggaeton singer Daddy Yankee is 42. Actress Isla (EYE'-luh) Fisher is 42. Musician Grant Barry is 41. Human rights activist Amal Clooney is 40. Singer-songwriter Jessica Harp is 36. Actor Matthew Moy is 34. Rapper Sean Kingston is 28. Actor Brandon Micheal (cq) Hall is 25.
Thought for Today: "Your friend will argue with you." — Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Russian writer (1918-2008).
PHOENIX — Charges have been dropped against Arizona Cardinals second-round draft pick Christian Kirk, who was arrested on counts of disorderly conduct and property damage in February.
The Arizona Republic reports that Scottsdale city records show the charges against Kirk were dropped Tuesday. He was arrested by Scottsdale police after leaving the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3.
Scottsdale police say Kirk was with a group that was intoxicated and throwing rocks at cars.
The Cardinals had said they were aware before they drafted Kirk that the wide receiver had been arrested on the charges.
The Sports Authority of India (SAI) is set for an overhaul with Sports minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore announcing change in its name. Now SAI will be called Sports India. The minister also announced some structural changes in the body along with an increase in the daily food expenses of the athletes.
Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore on Wednesday announced that the Sports Authority of India (SAI) will be renamed. While it was not an official announcement, Rathore said that it will be called as Sports India, for the time being.
The minister also announced structural changes in the body along with an increase in the daily food expenses of the athletes.
“It'll be made leaner, some posts won't be retained after officers on them retire. Daily expenses of food for athletes are being raised, for which committee is also being formed,” Rathore was quoted by ANI as saying.
Last year in August 2017, the minister had said that the government was planning to change the name of the authority. He had said that there is no need for authority in sports as it's all about service.
On being asked about the sports quota, Rathore said that the government was in favour for a minimum quota to be fixed for sportspersons. According to reports, he further said that Olympic-winning sports stars should be given reservation in ‘Grade A' jobs.”
Rathore, who is himself an Olympic medalist, said that Centre was aiming to make the organisation more ‘lean and professional' by reducing its strength by around 50 percent by 2022. He added that the Centre was also planning to come out with measures to expand its search for talent across the country and government wants to work towards developing a culture of sports among school students.
The SAI was established back in 1984 adn was registered as a Society under Socities Act in pursuance of the Resolution of 1984 of the Departments of Sports with the only objective of promotion of Sports and Games in the country.
SAI comes under the authority of Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports. The Ministry was set up as the Department of Sports in 1982 at the time of IX Asian Games in New Delhi.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre Behl has been diagnosed with cancer is currently undergoing treatment in New York. The actor Sonali Bendre added that there was no better way to tackle cancer than acting upon it. She added that acting on the advice of her doctors, Sonali is currently undergoing a treatment in New York.
If reports are to be believed, Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre Bhel has been diagnosed with cancer is currently undergoing treatment in New York. The reports were later confirmed after the Duplicate actor, Sonali Bendre, shared a post stating that she has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer that has metastised. Sonali Bendre confirmed her cancer reports by sharing a tweet through his Twitter handle and said that it was a niggling pain that forced her to get some tests which later confirmed cancer. The actress was last seen opposite Bollywood Khiladi Akshay Kumar in Once Upon a Time In Mumbai Dobara.
In the post shared by the Bollywood actor, Sonali Bendre said that her family, friends and close relatives have given her all the support that she needed and she is very much thankful to them.
The actress added that there was no better way to tackle cancer than acting upon it. She added that acting on the advice of her doctors, she is currently undergoing a treatment in New York.
She added that love and support from her fans and relatives have given her the power to go strong at this stage of life. Sonali was earlier seen as one of the judges of India's Best Draamebaaz was recently replaced by Huma Qureshi.
The following reports of Sonali Bendre being diagnosed with cancer come just a few weeks after it was reported that Irrfan Khan is suffering from NeuroEndocrine Tumour. Khan is currently said to be in London where he is undergoing his treatment. Just before he was about to catch his flight to London, Shah Rukh Khan paid a visit to the ailing actor and handed him the keys of his London house.
While the reports have left everyone shocked, we wish the tremendous actor and a wonderful person, Sonali Bendre a speedy recovery.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Kids say the darndest -- and funniest -- things. If only there was a place to keep track of it all.
The Little Hoots app does just that. The company takes the funny, sweet, amazing, clever things your little one says and turns them into a pretty keepsake so you never forget these precious moments.
Little Hoots has shared its hoots of the week with "Good Morning America." If you'd like to see your child's quote here, submit it to Little Hoots. If it's chosen as a hoot of the week, we'll feature it.
Little Hoots
Little Hoots
Little Hoots
Little Hoots
Grammy Award winning singer Adele showed her support to the victims affected by the deadly fire at London's Grenfell Tower by making an appearance at the site.
After the fire on Wednesday killed at least 12 people and injured more than 70 people here, she decided to pay her respects by visiting the scene, reports eonline.com.
According to the social media users, the ‘Hello' singer and her husband Simon Konecki were spotted near the incident site.
Fan sites also mention Adele asking if anyone needed help in between hugging fans and strangers.
The fire swept through the 27-storey tower block in just 15 minutes after a faulty fridge exploded, in what could be one of the worst in British history amid fears that nobody on its top three floors survived.
Have your say
Heartbreaking pictures show the squalid and dangerous conditions a vulnerable homeless person is forced to sleep in as temperatures plunge to below freezing.
The shocking pictures of a tiny concrete electricity cupboard - directly underneath Preston's busiest road, the A59 Ringway - show how somebody has been squatting with just a single duvet to keep warm.
Heartbreaking pictures show the squalid and dangerous conditions a vulnerable homeless person is forced to sleep in as temperatures plunge to below freezing. The shocking pictures of a tiny concrete electricity cupboard - directly underneath Preston's busiest road, the A59 Ringway
Their only other possessions appear to be a book and a lampshade.
There is no food, just two bottles of water and an empty giftset.
Wires powering the nearby subway leading to the market hang from the stained, damp walls, with a steep drop at one side of the space.
The Post has informed the city's Foxton Centre and its outreach team are now hoping to find the person in order to help them.
It is sad in that a rich country like ours can't deal with this issue.
Jeff Marsh, of the city's Foxton Centre says the numbers of rough sleepers are rising year on year nationally and also in Preston.
Last year's figures suggest rough sleeping rose by almost a third across the country.
He revealed the official estimate which will go back to the Department for Communities and Local Government for Preston will say 15 people this year are rough sleeping in the city.
He added: “This is based on a single early morning outreach session and just includes those seen to be bedded down.
“That morning a further four people were seen who we know to be homeless but not bedded down and therefore not counted.
“Our actual estimate of people who are regularly sleeping out based on recent experience would be in the 30s.
“It is sad in that a rich country like ours can't deal with this issue.”
The Foxton Centre and Millbank Court are both currently open for rough sleepers overnight as the weather is so cold.
At the Foxton Centre, people are sleeping on air beds and sleeping mats in the hall as the organisation has no other facilities.
Jeff adds: “At least they will be warm and dry.
“We provide a supper and breakfast for people who sleep over but this is just sticking plaster.”
Foxtons' Housing First project which takes people direct from the streets currently houses 16 former rough sleepers and is described as “an exciting development” for the city.
Last week the Post reported Preston has been handed a double boost – including a significant cash windfall – to help tackle the city's ongoing homelessness problem.
The town hall will receive £130k from central government over the next two years meaning a new team of officers can be employed.
In addition to the financial help, the council has been unveiled as a member of the Making Every Adult Matter (MEAM) coalition which means officers will be able to co-ordinate their approach with local authorities, services and charities to tackle the root causes of homelessness.
Last year, Preston launched an initiative to clamp down on beggars which saw authorities identify 95 people on the streets touting for cash.
In just one month, August, teams counted 40 actively begging.
While 25 were found to have accommodation and were receiving benefits, six were actually homeless and considered vulnerable.
The Foxton team are out in the city during the day, early evening and one early morning 4am to 7am each week.
The centre has a free breakfast from 9.30am, to 11.30am Tuesday to Friday where rough sleepers can get hot food, a shower and support into accommodation.
Foxton Centre
The centre is based on Knowsley Street.
They are in need of warm clothing and sleeping bags.
They are also selling giftcards to raise cash this Christmas.
For more information on donating, call 01772 555925 or log on to www.thefoxtoncentre.co.uk
Preston North End boss Alex Neil says results are more important than performances at this stage of the season after seeing his side beat Hull City at Deepdale.
MATCH REPORT: Preston 2-1 Hull
Alex Neil salutes the PNE fans after the win over Hull
The 2-1 win wasn't a classic by any stretch of the imagination, North End coming from behind to claim the three points thanks to goals from Greg Cunningham and Alan Browne.
Jarrod Bowen had put the Tigers in front with a shot which deflected off Cunningham's foot.
Neil said: "I think at this stage of the season - and I said this to the lads afterwards - winning the game is more important than the performance at times.
"You can play well but if you don't get anything at the end it doesn't really matter, points are the prizes just now.
Alan Browne scores PNE's winner from the penalty spot
"We didn't start the game well, it probably took us 15 minutes to understand what the game was about in terms of Hull were going to turn it and we were going to have to make sure we defended deep and guard the space.
"Also, we were going to have to turn it because Callum Robinson was taking the ball in and we were going to have to get in behind them more.
"I thought we started to do that which better.
"What we have got as a team and as a club is that we are really resilient, we never give in.
"We conceded the first goal which was quite unfortunate because it took a deflection and looped into the net.
"At that point lesser teams might have given up to an extent but we didn't do that, we put our foot on the gas and cranked it up.
"We managed to get two goals leading up to half-time which gave us confidence in the second half."
Victory moved North End up to seventh place in the Championship, three points off the play-offs.
Neil said: "We had spoken about how important the game was, we knew how crucial it was because four teams around us were playing each other.
"This was an opportunity for us to make up ground on some teams.
"That meant there was perhaps a wee bit of trepidation going into it.
"Once we conceded, then we thought we need to go to work, win more headers and tackles, be more dangerous.
"If I'm being honest, our best of the game was right after half time, the first 20-25 minutes.
"We had three really good chances, their keeper made a couple of really good saves and we could have scored more to put the game to bed.
"However we didn't and as the game wore on they put fresh legs on and we had to put fresh legs on to counter that.
"Ben Pearson got injured and we had to make do with more attacking players coming on, although it called for a more defensive set-up.
"We deal with the cards we are dealt at the moment and we managed to see the game out."
DENVER (AP) — The Denver Sheriff's Department mishandled an investigation into the 2015 death of a man restrained by deputies at the jail and must change its disciplinary and investigative process, a law enforcement watchdog agency said in a blistering report Monday that focused new attention on a case that has already resulted in a $4.6 million settlement.
The report made public by Denver's independent police monitor, a civilian oversight agency for Denver's police and sheriff departments, recommends that a civilian be put in charge of the Internal Affairs Bureau of the sheriff's department that investigates allegations of officer misconduct.
It also called on the sheriff's department to make a variety of changes to its policies on staff training, hiring and interaction with medical staff when an inmate's health conflicts with jail security.
The city of Denver reached the settlement with Michael Marshall's family in November that required other changes at the jail, including mental health coverage being provided there 24 hours a day and training for all deputies on mental illness.
Marshall, 50, died nine days after he was restrained in a prone position for several minutes by Denver jail deputies because they said Marshall was aggressive with another inmate and had ignored commands. He choked on his own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital.
The report includes new detail about how the sheriff's department responded to Marshall's death and levels harsh criticism at the Internal Affairs Bureau, which began its review of the case in 2016 after prosecutors announced that no criminal charges would be filed.
About a month later, the bureau told the independent monitor's office that its investigation was complete, according to the report.
Independent Monitor Nick Mitchell's office objected, arguing that investigators did not interview any of the deputies who restrained Marshall at the jail or the nurses who were called to the area when Marshall became unconscious. The monitor's office also objected in June when investigators again declined to further investigate.
Both attempts to end the inquiry "raised troubling questions about IAB's willingness to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation of this serious case," the report says. Choosing a civilian to lead the internal affairs division could insulate it from "internal pressures," it says.
The report also questioned why several sergeants present as deputies restrained Marshall were not disciplined.
As supervisors, they should have stepped in, the report said. Deputy Bret Garegnani, Deputy Carlos Hernandez and Captain James Johnson received brief suspensions that were overturned after the officers appealed.
The report also criticizes the sheriff's department for failing to create a policy for reviewing deaths and other incidents at the jail.
The department "tried to minimize potential issues....instead of seeing it as an opportunity to learn," the report said. Garegnani was nominated for the department's "Life Saving Award" for performing CPR on Marshall, the report added.
Jess Vigil, Denver's deputy director of its safety department, defended the internal investigation and disciplinary decisions. He said concerns were raised by the watchdog group but that it ultimately found the investigation "thorough and complete."
Vigil said internal investigators mistakenly relied on results of the criminal investigation into the death initially but did end up conducting their own interviews and research.
The report said nurses told deputies that too much pressure placed on Marshall's neck could cause him to choke after vomiting but deputies refused and said they had to control Marshall.
The monitor's report recommended more training and a supervisor's input during future conflicts between jail medical staff and deputies.
On Saturday morning, my husband suggests we go to an out-of-the-way farmer's market. We get there before they open, but he says “there are things to look at” and we continue down the road. I smile and nod. I'm along for the ride.
He points out a trap shooting place where he went as a kid and reminds me of the restaurant that burned to the ground. Several miles later we pull in to a conservation area where he used to fish.
“We came here even in winter because the water was always open.”
I ask, “Why didn't it ice over?”
“They have bubblers,” he tells me. “You'll see.
We park and walk down a gravel road along the “ditches” as the signs call them. He gestures to a row of wooden posts sticking out of the water.
“There were docks on those where we could stand and fish on all sides.”
Bubblers, like tiny fountains, send rings of ripples out around them. “See?” He points.
We come to a patch of soft ground and spot paw prints.
“Looks like a big dog,” he says.
“Or a cougar,” I guess.
Another set of prints is clearly a racoon.
He spots a fish making its own set of smaller ripples at the surface, but it's the only one he sees. No one is here fishing on a Saturday morning, a sure sign that the catfish and crappie are gone. Further on, the ditches open into the Illinois River, where Asian Carp have taken over, dangerously lowering the native species.
A concrete boat ramp sits partially out of the water, skewed at an angle.
“I think this is where we used to launch our boat.”
As we walk back, he kicks the gravel. “We used to find arrow heads along here, but they've probably built this road up with trucks of gravel several times since then.”
As he leans over to point to a tiny frog, it takes off with a powerful foot-long leap into the weeds.
We pull out and head down the road. Looking back, he says, “I must have fished here a hundred times, even though it's a long drive.”
My childhood home is a city, hours away, so I don't often run across people and places that bring back those early memories. The manmade landscape has changed many times over in urban renewal. I tend to reminisce about people, their words and how they felt.
His stories are activities: a neighborhood wiffle golf ball tournament, playing baseball where the library is now, and burying treasure in a friend's backyard. The locations surround us as we live mere miles from where he grew up.
My recollections are moments pinned to a timeline of my life, emotional events that shaped me, as the lead, and the other roles in my story. There are moments of precious friendship, heartbreak, grief, joy, and loss, each one complete with characters and plot, even if the setting's space is a little fuzzy.
His stories are fixed in place, literally the locations where they occurred. Each adventure is a spot on a map of his childhood, with episodes reoccurring to him as we drive past them in the present.
Our memories of our time together are parallel. He knows when the furnace was put in, when the trees were planted, when our daughters' cars might need service, even though they live in different states. Mine is a memory of important events: first declarations of love, our daughters' births and milestones, vacations, graduations, life lessons. He can find spots visited only once. I can find items others have lost in the house. Together we keep the structure of our home and lives in place.
The memories link like the water to the river, endless ripples flowing on.
Advertisements
Olympic silver medallists from The Philippines, Mansueto Velasco and Hidilyn Diaz, have been honoured at a ceremony in Manila.
Velasco and Diaz scooped the top awards at the first Siklab Youth Sports Awards in the Filipino capital.
The event was held in cooperation with the Philippine Olympic Committee and the Philippine Sport Commission.
Velasco, an Asian Games champion in 1994, claimed silver in the under-48 kilograms boxing competition at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta.
Diaz, a two-time World Championships medallist, finished second in the under-53kg weightlifting division at the last edition of the Summer Olympics, held in Rio de Janeiro in 2016.
The 27-year-old said she was now targeting repeating her podium result at Tokyo 2020.
Hidilyn Diaz won a silver medal in weightlifting at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro ©Getty Images
"Just keep on dreaming, live your dreams but you have to work hard for your dreams to come true," said Diaz, according to the Manila Bulletin.
Velasco and Diaz are responsible for two of the 10 Olympic medals won by athletes from The Philippines at the Games.
Teófilo Yldefonso won two bronze medals in swimming at the 1928 Games in Amsterdam, while Simeon Toribio took high jump bronze in Los Angeles four years later.
Miguel White also claimed athletics bronze at Berlin 1936.
The other theree Filipino medals all came in boxing - Anthony Villanueva at Tokyo 1964, Leopoldo Serantes in Seoul in 1988 and Roel Velasco at Barcelona 1992.
A two-mile-long car pileup in dense fog on the Cajon Pass, with injuries reported, stopped traffic Wednesday on the southbound 15 Freeways, authorities said.
The California Highway Patrol called a SigAlert for the area and said in its log that visibility was at 30 feet. The CHP put the number of vehicles involved at approximately 20. The incident was reported shortly after 11 a.m.
Per @SBCountyFire: Cajon(Update): ALS resources have completed re-triage. 2 Immediate, 15 Minors. Numerous drivers and occupants declining treatment. ME302 is Southbound IC. Traffic is backed up to Main St in Hesperia. Extremely low visibility in the area of the incident. — SBCUSD OES (@SBCUSD_OES) May 30, 2018
San Bernardino County Fire Department reported 17 injuries, two needing immediate care and 15 minor injuries with “numerous drivers and occupants declining treatment.
The CHP said it was running traffic breaks from Ranchero Road and taking traffic off the freeway at Highway 138. San Bernardino County Fire Department said traffic was backed up to Main Street in Hesperia.
Shortly before 12:30 p.m., two of the southbound lanes were reopened.
A new triathlon event has been launched in Glasgow prior to the inaugural edition of the multi-sport European Championships in the Scottish city this year.
Glasgow 2018 organisers have teamed up with Triathlon Scotland to promote TRI in the Park, which will take place in Strathclyde Country Park.
The same venue will host triathlon competition at the European Championships, which will see continental competitions in aquatics, cycling, gymnastics, rowing and golf held at the same time under the same banner in Glasgow.
It is hoped that staging the sports all at once for the first time will increase their exposure and stature, with the European Athletics Championships also taking place at the same time in sister city Berlin.
TRI in the Park will take place on August 12 following the Glasgow 2018 action and will allow those who have never tried the three triathlon disciplines to get involved.
Competitive races will also be held alongside the beginner events with a family relay also part of the programme.
Triathlon action at Strathclyde Country Park during the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games ©Getty Images
Aquathlon and duathlon races will also be held.
Sports Minister Aileen Campbell said: "Our ambition is to get more people physically active and Glasgow 2018 offers an opportunity to encourage people to live healthy and active lifestyles.
"This summer TRI in the Park is a fantastic opportunity to get involved in the sport of triathlon and for people to try a new activity for the first time."
Gemma Simpson, Triathlon Scotland's events and marketing manager, added: "TRI in the Park is aimed at bringing local people to Strathclyde Country Park to try triathlon for the first time and is set to be a fantastic, inclusive participation event.
"We hope people will be inspired to put on their swimmers, jump on a bike or simply put on their trainers and run with us this August."
The European Championships will take place between August 2 and 12.
Strathclyde Country Park also hosted triathlon during the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
(TNSHOF) The Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame announced today the remaining 2018 Honorees for their 52nd Annual Induction Banquet on Saturday, June 16th at the Omni Nashville.
Honorees announced today include the 2018 Professional Teams of the Year, the Pacific Coast League Champions Memphis Redbirds and the Southern League Co-Champion Chattanooga Lookouts.
The Amateur Teams of the Year are Rhodes College Women's Golf Team for claiming their third National Championship and Freed-Hardeman's Women's Basketball Team for claiming their first National Championship.
Amateur Female Athlete of the Year is Hannah Segrave from Milligan College, a four-time NAIA National Track Champion.
The Amateur Male Athletes of the Year are University of Tennessee's Grant Williams, for being selected SEC Player of the Year and Middle Tennessee State University's Nick King, for being selected as the Conference USA Player of the Year.
Previously announced Honorees are the Pat Summitt Lifetime Achievement Receipt, James A. Haslam II, Male Professional Athlete of the Year, Mike Fisher, and Tennessean of the Year, the Nashville Predators.
In conjunction with our Honoree Class, the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame will be inducting
Joe Allison, University of Memphis Kicker and the winner of the inaugural Lou Groza Award in 1992;
Blaine Bishop, former Tennessee Titan All-Pro Safety and current radio host on 104.5 the Zone;
Allan Houston, University of Tennessee Basketball star and current General Manager for the Westchester Knicks;
Johnnie H. Jones III, University of Tennessee Running Back;
Chuck Kriese, winningest coach in ACC Tennis history and four time recipient of the National Coach of the Year Award;
Tim Mack, 2004 Olympic Gold Medalist Pole Vaulter;
Raleigh McKenzie, University of Tennessee Center and current College Scout for the Oakland Raiders;
Reginald McKenzie, University of Tennessee Linebacker and current General Manager of the Oakland Raiders;
Jackie Pope, Middle Tennessee State University multi-sport athlete and All-American football player;
George Quarles, registered over 200 victories at Maryville High School, and is currently the Associate Head Coach at Furman University.
This class also includes the posthumous inductions of Tigerbelle Isabelle Daniels Holston, a member of Tennessee State University's AAU champion relay team for five years and Olympic Bronze Medalist, and Glenn McCadams, who served as head football coach of Lipscomb Academy for 31 years, winning three state championships.
That's all. That's it. He doesn't say that the church should bless gay marriage or gay adoption. He doesn't explicitly reject church teaching, which prescribes chastity for gay men and lesbians, though he questions the language — “intrinsically disordered” — with which it describes homosexuality.
Photo
But that hasn't stopped his detractors from casting him as a terrifying enemy of the faith — Regan in “The Exorcist” and Damien in “The Omen” rolled together and grown up into a balding and bespectacled Jesuit — and silencing him whenever they can. A talk about Jesus that he was supposed to give in London last fall was canceled. So was a similar talk at the Theological College of the Catholic University of America.
And the vitriol to which he has been subjected is breathtaking, a reminder not just of how much homophobia is still out there but also of how presumptuous, overwrought, cruel and destructive discourse in this digital age can be.
“Inexcusably ugly” was how the Roman Catholic archbishop of Philadelphia, Charles Chaput, described the attacks on Father Martin in an essay for the Catholic journal First Things in September. Archbishop Chaput is no progressive, but still he was moved to write that “the bitterness directed at the person of Father Martin is not just unwarranted and unjust; it's a destructive counter-witness to the Gospel.” He cited a recent article in a French publication with the headline “Catholic Cyber-Militias and the New Censorship,” observing, “We live at a time when civility is universally longed for and just as universally (and too often gleefully) violated.”
After Bishop Robert McElroy of San Diego published a similar defense of Father Martin in the Jesuit magazine America, one of Father Martin's devoted inquisitors tweeted: “If you think the anti-sodomite bigotry in the church is bad, you should see hell.”
I spoke with Bishop McElroy recently, and he said that while there are calm-voiced critics of Father Martin with earnest concerns about what they see as the church's drift from traditional sexual morality, there are also out-and-out bigots whose methods are “incompatible with what we hope to be as a church.”
“We have to face the fact that there is a group of people across all religious views that are particularly antagonistic to L.G.B.T. people,” he told me. “That comes from deep within the human soul, and it's really corrosive and repugnant.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I have known Father Martin for many years and have long been struck by the painstakingly careful balance that he maintains. Is he telling his fellow Catholics to judge L.G.B.T. people less harshly, whether they're chaste or not? Absolutely. When he and I talked a few days ago, he repeated a recommendation in “Building a Bridge” that Catholic institutions stop firing gay people, which has happened repeatedly.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Straight couples do not have their sexual lives put under a microscope like that, nor are they targeted,” he told me. “A couple living together before they're married aren't fired from a Catholic school.” But that arrangement runs as afoul of church teaching as a sexually active gay or lesbian couple's does.
From listening to Father Martin, it's certainly possible to conclude that, or at least wonder if, he has qualms with church teaching about homosexuality. But he's so restrained and respectful that the president of the Jesuit Conference of Canada and the United States officially approved “Building a Bridge,” which has also been endorsed by an array of prominent cardinals and bishops.
And he trails behind many members of his faith in his publicly stated views. According to a poll by the Pew Research Center last June, 67 percent of Americans who identify as Catholic support the legalization of same-sex marriage, in contrast to 62 percent of Americans across the board.
But the far right isn't quietly ceding the fight. That's clear not only in the response to Father Martin but also in a federal education bill, drafted by Republicans, that would protect colleges that ban openly gay relationships or bar gays from certain religious organizations on campus.
And in the church as in the government, the scorched-earth tactics of ultraconservatives often gives them a sway disproportionate to their actual numbers. “These online hate groups are now more powerful than local churches,” Father Martin said, referring specifically to Church Militant and to the American Society for the Defense of Tradition, Family and Property, which started a petition demanding that the New Jersey parishes cancel his appearance. It gathered 12,000 signatures.
Lyle Garcia, 72, one of the parishioners involved in the decision to invite Father Martin, admitted to me that he was “very concerned” that in changing the location of the event, they'd rewarded and emboldened the haters. But at least, he said, the talk would proceed.
As will Father Martin. An expanded edition of “Building a Bridge” will be published in March, and it includes material about L.G.B.T. Catholics who told him, as he promoted the book, that it had given them desperately needed comfort.
“I'm at total peace,” he told me. “I really am. An ocean of hate online is really wiped out by just a few tears from an L.G.B.T. person.” Only one thing to say to that: Amen.
09:41 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Netanyahu: Trump put facts on table, J'lem is capital
► ◄ Last Briefs
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
The Muley Fanatics Foundation is hosting a Flag Day Open House. The event is free and open to the public.
The Open House will take place from 5-7 p.m. today at the Muley Fanatic Foundation Office located at 520 Wilkes Dr. #1 in Green River, Wyoming.
The Foundation will be discussing the status of the D.E.E.R. Project, Support for Public Lands, a status update for the RMP being developed in the Little Mountain area.
BSA Troop 312 out of Green River will be holding a flag presentation at 6 p.m.
There will be Free Food, Beverages and Door Prizes.
TORONTO -
Sarah Blakely recalls feeling some trepidation when she and her husband shelled out more than $300,000 for a modest 1 1/2-storey house in a less-desirable part of Toronto.
Seven years later, they found themselves on the right side of a hot housing market, with values tripling in a 'hood suddenly considered up-and-coming for young families seeking detached homes.
They recently sold that renovated three-bedroom for more than $1 million and now expect to live mortgage-free in a four-bedroom purchase in their hometown of Ottawa.
The 34-year-old says it made sense to cash out of a city that was draining their finances, energy and family time.
“My husband and I saw an opportunity to take advantage of the recent gains in real estate and to move to a less expensive city to live mortgage-free, support our savings for retirement and also to be closer to family,” says Blakely, whose new home has nearly twice the square footage.
And they may have taken action at just the right time.
Blakely's real estate agent Josie Stern says the market appears to be cooling, and doubts Blakely could fetch that same jackpot sale today.
“A little bit of air has been let out of the bubble,” she says.
Many buyers and sellers are waiting to see what will come of Tuesday's scheduled meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory, who are expected to discuss ways to rein in Toronto's hot housing market.
Meanwhile, the Ontario government is promising to announce affordability measures soon.
Stern says some buyers are delaying their purchase in anticipation of possible fixes.
“Buyers have been in such a stressful situation for so long that now they think somebody is going to save them and they're waiting,” says Stern. “They've dug their heels in, they're tired of competition and then there's those that are still proceeding, but there's been quite a big pullback from buyers.”
Sellers who've bought new homes are rushing to list their old property, she adds, but many are not getting the high bids seen a month ago.
The Toronto market has been astonishing, with the average sale in the Greater Toronto Area skyrocketing last month to $916,567. That's up 33.2 per cent from a year ago.
With strong demand and limited supply, it wasn't uncommon for bidding wars to result in sales hundreds of thousands of dollars above asking. And a lot of those sellers took those dollars out of the Greater Toronto Area where they can get more acreage, less congestion and still pocket a fair bit of cash.
“We're finding that a lot of people are leaving the city,” says Stern, who estimates that about a third of her 35 sales this year involved sellers either downsizing to condos or moving to more affordable markets.
“It's empty-nesters, it's (couples with) babies, it's all kinds of people that are doing this.”
Even with a new uncertainty in the air, it's still a seller's market, she adds.
One of her biggest sales was a $2-million listing that went $575,000 over asking in February. The sellers moved to the commuter city of Burlington, Ont.
They're joining buyers priced out of the Toronto market who have gone looking for cheaper housing in smaller communities across the Golden Horseshoe, spurring other sales spikes in the region — Hamilton-Burlington homes jumped 22.6 per cent during the first two months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.
Still other buyers are looking farther afield.
Remember that relatively inexpensive Nova Scotia mansion that dominated Facebook last month?
Real estate agent Wanda Graves of Eastern Valley Real Estate says it's sparked more inquiries from Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and B.C. house hunters suddenly hip to Eastern Canada's charms.
Nova Scotia sellers are taking notice, and are marketing to out-of-province buyers now considered increasingly likely to make an offer.
“They know that there are buyers out there and now it's, 'How do we reach them?”' says Graves.
Before selling for $455,000, the mansion in Newport Landing, N.S., drew more than one million views on her company's website and 36,000 shares on Facebook.
It's a story Vancouver real estate agent Melissa Wu knows well.
Years of record-setting sales saw Vancouver homeowners cash out for smaller markets with more space.
But that changed after the B.C. government introduced a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last summer, which Wu says especially soured interest in west Vancouver luxury homes priced at more than $4 million.
Detached homes in the $1-million to $2-million range in east Vancouver are doing well and still notching close to record highs, says Wu.
Her recent sales included a $2-million get for a century-old home owned by a retired couple. Their plan is to downsize to an older condo costing less than $500,000. The rest of the proceeds will go to their kids and retirement fund.
She says the sale was a record high for the neighbourhood, but it took an agonizing three weeks to secure — longer than it would have last year, she says.
She advises Toronto homeowners thinking of selling to take advantage while they can.
“There's always a shift coming in,” she says of this hot market. “Sell before it corrects.”
Stern would like to see a crackdown on real estate speculators in Toronto, citing one buyer who bought 15 properties in the last two years.
And she cautions those tempted to cash out that there's always a risk the market won't co-operate.
“People have been asking themselves that question since the year 2000: Should I sell? Should I cash out?
“And there have been people who have cashed out and have regretted it because they've seen what the market has (done) — they've never been able to rebuy the houses that they've sold.”
Today the Sunderland Echo launches its ‘Clean Streets' campaign and we want YOU to get involved in helping to make Sunderland smarter.
We've listened to what many of you said in our recent Big City survey, when 66 per cent of readers said they felt cleanliness of our public places is poor or very poor.
The city council has said that while it shares the concerns of residents, due to budget cuts it has 4,000 fewer employees compared to 2010.
The authority's public grass and street cleansing service has lost almost £5million funding as a result of those savings as well.
Joy Yates, Echo editorial director, said: “We are grateful to our Echo audience for highlighting, through our survey, the issues they see as priorities in their city.
"We have listened to the feedback and have launched this campaign to focus on a cleaner city.
“This isn't just the responsibility of our city council – we all have a part to play in having pride in our city and doing all we can to promote a cleaner, smarter Sunderland.”
Here's how you can help:
* Know a litter/rubbish blackspot? Send us in your pictures - either via our Facebook and Twitter pages or email them to echo.news@northeast-press.co.uk
* Businesses, schools, community groups – are you involved in clean-up projects in your communities? Let us know either through the same channels or call the newsdesk on (0191) 5017326.
Survey reveals public anger at litter levels on Sunderland's streets
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
Pope Francis addresses the crowd prior to delivering his Urbi et Orbi (to the city and to the world) message from the main balcony of St. Peter's Basilica, at the Vatican, Sunday, April 16, 2017. On Christianity's most joyful day, Pope Francis lamented the horrors generated by war and hatred, delivering an Easter Sunday message that also decried the "latest vile" attack on civilians in Syria. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
Christians around the world celebrated Easter on Sunday, as Pope Francis and others expressed concern over embattled communities in the cradle of the faith following church bombings in Egypt and attacks on civilians in Syria's civil war.
At St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City, Francis lamented the horrors generated by war and hatred, delivering an Easter Sunday message that decried the "latest vile" attack in Syria — a bombing Saturday that killed more than a hundred people.
Thousands of worshippers flocked to Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre, built on the site where Christians believe Jesus was crucified and resurrected.
This year, the Orthodox churches celebrate Easter on the same Sunday that Roman Catholics and Protestants mark the holy festival. The Western Christian church follows the Gregorian calendar, while the Eastern Orthodox uses the older Julian calendar, so the two Easters are often weeks apart.
In Egypt, Coptic Christians marked a somber Easter a week after twin bombings by the Islamic State group killed dozens of worshippers at churches in two separate cities.
In New York, a few thousand people packed St. Patrick's Cathedral, where Cardinal Timothy Dolan told worshippers to remember that even though things may seem bleak at times, Easter brings the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead, showing how "God has the last word."
For more than four years, questions swirled about the shooting death of Gregory Vaughn Hill Jr. at his home in Fort Pierce, Fla. After all, there were only three witnesses to how the entire episode unfolded: two St. Lucie County sheriff's deputies and Mr. Hill.
Mr. Hill, a 30-year-old African-American, was fatally shot by a white sheriff's deputy who had responded to a noise complaint about music Mr. Hill had been playing in his garage. Toxicology reports showed Mr. Hill was drunk at the time. And after a brief encounter with the deputies, he was discovered dead inside the garage with a gun in his back pocket; the deputies said he had been holding it during their confrontation, though that claim is in dispute. Mr. Hill had been shot three times by one of the deputies, Christopher Newman.
Among other things, a federal jury hearing a wrongful-death lawsuit brought by Mr. Hill's family was asked to decide whether his constitutional rights had been violated and whether his estate should be awarded damages. How much, jurors were asked, were the pain and suffering of Mr. Hill's three children worth?
Last week, the jurors delivered their verdict. Deputy Newman had not used excessive force, they concluded, but the St. Lucie County sheriff, Ken Mascara, had been ever so slightly negligent given Deputy Newman's actions. The jury awarded $4 in damages: $1 for funeral expenses and $1 for each child's loss.
SEAFORD, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — The worst litterbugs in New York state appear to be on Long Island.
How bad is the situation? As CBS2's Jennifer McLogan found out on Tuesday, state Department of Transportation crews picked up 18,000 tons of garbage in honor of Earth Day.
The tossed garbage finds its way into bays and estuaries, clogs catch basins and creates flooding. It also causes major safety issues.
“Our state DOT crews spend more time picking up trash and litter on the sides of the roadways than they do filling potholes and clearing snow,” one DOT official told McLogan.
It's a story we're working on for the CBS2 News at 6 p.m.
Located at 1358 Mason St. (between John Street and Pacific Avenue) in Russian Hill, Italian restaurant AltoVino is now serving customers.As we've previously reported , the new eatery is the latest venture for restaurateur and sommelier Claudio Villani, who also owns InoVino at 108B Carl St. (between Cole and Stanyan streets) in Cole Valley.The restaurant takes over the space formerly occupied by Mason Pacific, which closed after a small kitchen fire in 2016.On the menu, expect to see an array of authentic Italian fare like squid with braised winter greens, tomatoes and Calabrian chili; lemon tagliatelle with smoked salmon, fennel and arugula; and flatiron steak with balsamic-braised radicchio and parsnip puree.There's an extensive selection of Italian wines on offer, too, along with signature cocktails such as a ginger or orange spritz and Italian and local beers. (Take a look at the full dinner menu here and a libations menu here .)With a five-star rating out of four Yelp reviews, AltoVino has been warmly received by patrons."Such a cute, romantic, and charming spot," said Manda Bear B. "Perfect for a first date and date night, we can't wait to get back.""Fantastico! Bravo to Claudio and Nick Kelly for making AltoVino one of the best authentic Italian restaurants in the city," wrote Yelper Tim F. , adding that the "food, service, wine service and ambiance were top notch. Better try it soon because it will be hard to get a reservation soon."AltoVino is open at 1358 Mason Street.Have you come across a new (or closing) restaurant? Text your tip and a photo to 415-200-3233, or email tips@hoodline.com. If we use your info in a story, we'll give you credit.
The RMT union has this afternoon stopped short of formally affiliating with Labour, essentially deciding that the actions of a “hard core” of moderates mean the party is still not left-wing enough for them. Instead RMT branches plan to “align” with Corbyn-supporting MPs and candidates across the country.
“Many of our members have also reacted angrily to constant attempts by a hard core of Labour MPs to undermine Jeremy Corbyn and the radical progressive changes he has made to Labour. In contrast there is a clear desire amongst RMT members to support Jeremy Corbyn and the left leadership of the Labour Party and that is why we are now putting in place other concrete steps to throw the weight of the RMT behind supporting the socialist advances that have been made in the Labour Party”
Which sounds like they see themselves as another Momentum. Tells you all you need to know about the RMT…
NEW YORK (AP) — The defense attorney for the late Aaron Hernandez is writing a book about the former NFL star and promises "shocking revelations."
Jose Baez's "Unnecessary Roughness: The Life and Death of Aaron Hernandez" is coming out Aug. 21, Hachette Books told The Associated Press on Tuesday. The book was written with the cooperation of Hernandez's fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, and will include a foreword by her. According to Hachette, "Unnecessary Roughness" will be the "definitive, insider" story on Hernandez.
Hernandez, a former standout tight end for the New England Patriots, was found hanging in his cell last April 19, hours before his ex-teammates were due to visit the White House to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The 27-year-old athlete had been serving life without parole for a 2013 murder.
The Latest on the climate summit taking place in Paris (all times local):
10:55 a.m.
A group of 225 investment funds managing more than $26 trillion in assets says they are going to put pressure on companies to curb their greenhouse gas emissions and disclose climate-related financial information.
The group, which includes the California Public Employees' Retirement System, the largest U.S. public pension fund, says it will focus on 100 of the world's largest corporate greenhouse gas emitters.
The Climate Action 100 group made the announcement Tuesday at a climate summit in Paris marking the second anniversary of a United Nations accord to limit global warming.
Anne Simpson, investment director of sustainability at CalPERS, said getting major energy and transportation companies to align their future plans with the goals of the 2015 Paris accord could spur action across all sectors as companies seek to avoid being "left behind" by investors.
———
10:05 a.m.
Germany's Angela Merkel, who was once labeled the 'climate chancellor' for her efforts to curb global warming, has faced domestic criticism for failing to attend the summit in Paris.
Annalena Baerbock, a spokeswoman on climate issues for the opposition Green party, said Tuesday that French President Emmanuel Macron appears to be overtaking Merkel as Europe's leading lobbyist on climate issues.
"I think that's not a good sign," Baerbock told public broadcaster Deutschlandfunk. The Greens' lawmaker said Germany has lost international credibility on the issue by allowing its carbon emissions to stagnate over the past decade and refusing to join a recent international declaration on ending the use of coal, one of the most polluting fossil fuels.
Baerbock said Europe's biggest economy also could have sent a signal on climate financing — a major topic in Paris — by declaring that civil servants' pensions wouldn't be invested in fossil fuels companies anymore, as some countries have already done.
———
9:55 a.m.
Top world officials have opened a climate summit in Paris by saying investors and the entire global financial system need to shift faster toward energy and businesses that don't worsen climate change.
The prime minister of the island nation of Fiji said "we are all in the same canoe," rich countries and poor. Opening the summit, Frank Bainimarama said "financial pledges need to flow faster through more streamlined systems and make a difference on the ground."
Japan's Foreign Minister Taro Kono described ways Japan is investing in climate monitoring technology and hydrogen energy, but acknowledged "we have to do more and better."
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday's summit is aimed at making efforts to cut emissions more "credible."
The summit, co-hosted by the U.N., World Bank and French President Emmanuel Macron, is being held on the second anniversary of the Paris climate accord, ratified by 170 countries.
———
9:50 a.m.
Activists pretending to represent a massive wave of oil are holding a protest in Paris at the start of an international climate summit.
A few hundred protesters demonstrated Monday in front of the domed Pantheon monument on Paris' Left Bank as hundreds of world leaders, financiers and others gathered across town for the summit. The protesters unfurled a massive sheet and carried a huge banner reading "Not one more euro for energies of the past."
CEOs of banks and energy companies are joining more than 50 heads of state at the summit, which is aimed in part at speeding up investment in energy that doesn't damage the climate.
French President Emmanuel Macron hosted leading world philanthropists Tuesday morning to encourage more climate-related investment.
———
8:15 a.m.
More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Macron, who's also using the event to raise his international profile, did not invite Trump.
At least 11 people died in an explosion at a firecracker factory in Telangana's Warangal district on Wednesday, July 4. According to media reports, the blast was so intense that the entire roof the firecracker factory was blown off.
According to the police, around 5 people were reportedly inside the when the fire broke out
At least 11 people were killed on Wednesday afternoon, July 4 after a massive fire broke out in a firecracker godown in Warangal Rural district of Telangana, police said. Efforts were made to extinguish the fire and firefighters were also carried out to rescue operations at the gun down near the Kotalingala village. According to the police, around 5 people were reportedly inside the when the fire broke out.
#SpotVisuals: 10 people dead in fire at a firecracker godown near Koti Lingala Temple, 4 fire tenders present at the spot: Collector, Warangal District pic.twitter.com/Oj5rYsJtoO — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
(Updating)
For all the latest Regional News, download NewsX App
Read More
PORTLAND, Ore.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Leyard and Planar, global leaders in visualization products, today introduced the Leyard ® DirectLight ® X LED Video Wall System, adding unrivaled video processing and management capabilities into the product.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005173/en/
The next-generation Leyard DirectLight X adds advanced video processing (Photo: Business Wire)
The award-winning Leyard ® DirectLight ® LED Video Wall System, introduced in late 2016, delivered unique value in the areas of front-mounting, thin profile, precise alignment, front service access, low power consumption, hot-swap off-board power and refined image performance. Leyard DirectLight X builds on this foundation adding the latest 4K video standards, signal extension, multi-source processing, system monitoring and modern web-based graphical control software. The result is a complete system that reduces dependence on external processing systems while making the video wall easier to operate and monitor.
“It is exciting to deliver on the next chapter of the Leyard DirectLight vision,” said Steve Seminario, vice president of product marketing at Leyard and Planar. “With Leyard DirectLight X, we incorporate, in the box, the 4K standards compliance, video processing and modern UI that will allow our customers to realize more flexible and compelling video wall installations, more easily.”
Leyard DirectLight X features a new, off-board video controller that offers unrivaled video processing capabilities built into the product. It includes new Leyard ® WallDirector ™ Software to further simplify video wall installation, monitoring and management while maintaining popular DirectLight features such as precision wall mounting, energy efficiency and fault tolerant operation.
Advanced Video Wall Processing
Leyard DirectLight X comes with the Leyard ® Video Controller, making it the first LED video wall system on the market to integrate a remote power supply and advanced video processing directly into the product. Rack-mounted Leyard Video Controllers can scale to support nearly any size video wall, and allow for scaling, windowing and Picture-in-Picture to give customers flexibility as to how and where sources are displayed. The Leyard Video Controller includes Planar ® Big Picture Plus ™ video wall processing, which can scale sources across the entire video wall or across sections of the video wall. It also incorporates Leyard ® WallSync ™, providing precisely synchronized video playback and genlock across the video wall.
The Leyard Video Controller supports multiple 4K @ 60Hz inputs and the latest video standards including HDMI 2.0, DisplayPort 1.2 and HDCP 2.2. It provides a built-in video signal extension over CAT6 and optional fiber optic support for longer video runs and greater signal security.
Simplified Operation and Management
Leyard DirectLight X comes with Leyard WallDirector Software, a powerful, web-based user interface that simplifies video wall set-up, configuration, operation and monitoring. Leyard WallDirector offers the ability to drag-and-drop sources onto the video wall canvas and easily manipulate their size and position. It also includes presets that can recall video wall windowing layouts, making it quick to configure video wall content.
With Leyard WallDirector, customers can monitor the health status of video wall components from a central, local or remote location—proactively troubleshooting their video wall's power supplies and video controllers. Leyard WallDirector is browser-based, cross-platform and can be operated on a tablet.
Easy Installation and Maintenance
Leyard DirectLight X is available in 0.7, 0.9, 1.2, 1.5, 1.8 and 2.5 millimeter pixel pitches. It features a 27-inch cabinet with a 16:9 aspect ratio, and comes with the Leyard ® Remote Power Supply, a redundant and hot swappable power supply that eliminates heat, weight and points of failure from the video wall.
With the Leyard ® EasyAlign ™ Mounting System, Leyard DirectLight X can be fully installed and serviced from the front—using six-axis alignment features to ensure the video wall is perfectly aligned and seamless. The video wall can be installed to occupy less than four inches of depth from the wall, making it compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Leyard DirectLight X is available through Leyard and Planar's global worldwide network of authorized resellers. It will be showcased at Leyard and Planar's booth at InfoComm 2018 (#C2520). For more information, please visit www.leyard.com/DirectLightX or www.planar.com/DirectLightX.
About Leyard and Planar, A Leyard Company
Leyard is a global leader in the design, production, distribution and service of digital displays, video walls and visualization products worldwide. The Leyard Group of companies and brands, which includes Planar Systems and eyevis, is comprised of displays, entertainment and lighting system solutions. Leyard is the number one market share leader in the LED display market and fine pitch LED and offers indoor, outdoor, fixed and creative displays ( Futuresource 2017). Used in applications such as broadcast, sports arenas, stadiums, advertisement networks, retail digital signage, control rooms, exhibitions, large scale events and digital cultural experiences, Leyard enjoys marquee installations globally and has over 300 patents in display technology. Founded in 1995, the group is headquartered in Beijing, China, and is traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300296). Forbes magazine (2013) named Leyard among “China's Top 100 Most Potential Listed Companies.” For more information, visit www.leyard.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005173/en/
CONTACT: Blu Print Public Relations
503-850-2454
team@bluprintpr.net
or
Leyard and Planar
Kim Brown
pr@leyardgroup.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA OREGON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE SOFTWARE AUDIO/VIDEO
SOURCE: Leyard and Planar, A Leyard Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:00 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005173/en
Why take the car, limo or private jet when you can take the fam in a helicopter! Jay-Z and Beyoncé took big sister Blu Ivy with the twins Rumi and Sir on a helicopter ride to their Hampton's mansion. Beyoncé carrying her expensive purse with no worries and Daddy Jay carrying one of the twins like Money Ain't A Thang!! Click here to check out the pictures and more!
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding Wednesday on whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South. If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult. But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages. “It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on why they should come to the state. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation – just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures – most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference. Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said. “Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.” A “yes” vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. “Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development … of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing.” What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers. “The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.” Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents. “Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. “Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States,” Cornfield said, “it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.” Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing. “They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it,” Templeton said. On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes” on Wednesday. “Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. “It's not going to be this way anymore.” — Associated Press writer Emery P. Dalesio in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report. — Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Comments
comments
The essay portion of the SAT and ACT is technically optional, but that doesn't mean you should write it off. Many colleges require applicants to provide their essay results from one of the exams, while other schools will consider the SAT essay or ACT writing during the admissions process.
Before you worry about preparing for this specific section, first consider which exam better suits your overall skills. Here are three aspects that distinguish the SAT essay and ACT writing section.
[Learn how to decide when to take the SAT or ACT.]
1. Timing: The redesigned SAT provides test-takers with 50 minutes to complete the essay section, while the ACT allows for 40 minutes. This may seem like a simple choice, but there are additional factors to consider.
For instance, both essay portions are assessed with the quality of your work in mind, but both also factor in the allotted time and require you to use your time wisely. Those 10 extra minutes on the SAT may mean 10 more minutes to outline your response or revise your essay, but the SAT also requires that you read and understand a relatively lengthy passage before you begin to write.
Weigh your reading comprehension skills when determining how long you would actually spend on each essay. If you read rapidly with strong comprehension, the SAT essay may be your best option.
As you review the other differences between the two tests, keep your time-management skills in mind. Write several practice essays for each test and gauge how well you are able to marshal your arguments in a timely manner.
[Explore how to identify tone in the SAT reading and writing sections.]
2. Analytic depth: One of the most profound differences between the two essay sections is the type of analysis they involve.
The SAT essay asks you to analyze a passage that was selected for its quality. Your writing can be judged as objectively accurate or inaccurate, and your skill in arguing a point is key.
The ACT writing task, on the other hand, has no correct or incorrect answers. Instead, you are assessed on how well you argue your perspective. Your essay score also depends on your use of language -- that is, its clarity, complexity and suitability.
As you can likely tell, the nature of analysis is different between the exams. On the SAT, you are required to analyze how an experienced writer accomplished his or her goals, while also maintaining clear use of language and reasoning.
It can be challenging to discuss another person's work in such a limited amount of time. You must cite evidence from the sample passage, as well as convey your opinion.
The ACT writing section requires that you build a persuasive essay around a central thesis. You do have to reference the introductory statements, but you are free to build on your own ideas. As such, before choosing an exam, ask yourself which task you feel most confident about.
[Check out how to improve analytical skills to do better on the SAT essay.]
3. Complexity: Both essays require strong analytical skills. But are they equal?
The SAT essay provides rich source material that must be intricately discussed. The ACT writing is a more free-form assignment, allowing you plenty of freedom to craft your response. Your ACT essay must address the central question, but you have few additional guidelines.
At first, it can seem like a benefit to have few guidelines. Nearly any response is possible, so long as your essay meets the basic requirements. However, having few guidelines can also be very challenging when you have just 40 minutes to plan and complete a response.
In addition to the extra allotted time, the SAT essay through the source text provides a cue to help yououtline your essay.
If you excel at analyzing others' work, read quickly and accurately, and appreciate having a framework for your own writing, the SAT essay may be the better choice for you. However, if you excel at creating a thesis from a simple prompt, are quick to organize your thoughts and you aren't the strongest at analytical reading, the ACT writing may suit you best.
Brian Witte is a professional SAT tutor with Varsity Tutors. He earned his Bachelor of Science from the University of Washington and holds a Ph.D. from Ohio State University.
(AP Photo/Richard Drew, File). FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25.
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
Stocks climbed in early trading as companies like Caterpillar, appliance maker Whirlpool, and Fifth Third Bancorp posted strong quarterly results. Then Caterpillar executives told analysts on a conference call in the late morning that they don't expect the company to report a larger per-share profit for the rest of 2018. Other industrial, technology and basic materials companies also took sharp losses.
The S&P 500 index sank 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56. The Dow Jones industrial average finished with a loss of 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13. The Nasdaq composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
Small-company stocks held up better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index declined 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28, about half as much as the S&P 500, which tracks large U.S. companies.
Caterpillar's products are used in a wide variety of industries including construction, power generation, mining and oil and gas drilling. Meanwhile 3M, which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics, said the rising price of oil and other materials is affecting its business.
The companies' statements came as interest rates kept rising, which makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3 percent for the first time in more than four years.
Stocks shot up at the end of 2017 and the start of 2018 as investors bet that the corporate tax overhaul would lead to bigger profits for American companies and greater economic growth. Gina Martin Adams, chief equity strategist for Bloomberg Intelligence, said it hasn't happened yet.
"We're not yet seeing a very strong recovery in the broader economic numbers that would suggest the impact of tax reform is more than just temporary," she said. "The market is very impatient."
Adams said the tax cuts may help stocks later on, but investors always want to see better and faster growth, and now they're not sure where that improvement will come from.
The worries began to set in after construction and mining equipment maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of this year. Industrial and basic materials companies and technology firms took some of the worst losses.
Wall Street had cheered Caterpillar's results earlier in the day after the company had a strong first quarter and raised its forecasts for the year. But the stock gave up those gains and finished with a loss of 6.2 percent at $144.44.
3M shed 6.8 percent to $201.13. Chemical companies and other materials makers could also see their profits affected as oil prices and other expenses rise. DowDuPont shed 3.7 percent to $63.1. Elsewhere, aerospace company Boeing lost 2.9 percent to $329.06.
Bond prices slipped again Tuesday. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.99 percent from 2.98 percent. Earlier it peaked at 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
Low interest rates have played an important role in the economic recovery of the last decade, and the yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages. It's been climbing because investors expect higher economic growth and inflation.
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09, a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low, but they have climbed this year as inflation expectations have picked up. The 10-year yield traded at 2.43 percent at the beginning of the year.
Alphabet slid 4.8 percent to $1,022.64 after the company said ad revenue climbed, but expenses also rose. Google's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change. Other big technology companies also fell, as Facebook dropped 3.7 percent to $159.69 and Microsoft skidded 2.3 percent to $93.12. Another market favorite, online retailer Amazon, shed 3.8 percent to $1,460.09.
The dollar edged up to 108.67 yen from 108.65 yen. The euro rose to $1.2237 from $1.2205.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $67.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.1 percent to $73.86 per barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $2.09 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $2.13 a gallon. Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold rose 0.7 percent to $1,333 an ounce. Silver climbed 0.7 percent to $16.70 an ounce. Copper rose 1 percent to $3.14 a pound.
Germany's DAX lost 0.2 percent while the French CAC 40 added 0.1 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent, helped by the weaker yen. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Collins and O'Carroll back for Limerick 02 January 2017
Limerick's Seamus O'Carroll and Colm Hyde of Cork.
©INPHO/James Crombie. Limerick's Seamus O'Carroll and Colm Hyde of Cork.©INPHO/James Crombie.
Ger Collins and Seamus O'Carroll are back in the Limerick senior football panel for the Treaty County's 2017 campaign.
Former captain Collins last played for the Shannonsiders in 2014, having first been called up to the squad seven years previous, while O'Carroll hasn't played inter-county football since the 2013 qualifier loss against Longford.
New manager Billy Lee revealed the good news to the Irish Examiner recently, stating that both men will “bring a lot of experience”.
“It is very good news that the two lads are back on the scene,” said Lee.
“They are two fantastic footballers who were out of the equation for a couple of years.
“I don't know why they stepped back when they did, but from our point of view, it is great to have them back. They bring a lot of experience.
“There are a lot of young lads coming through from the U21s, also. The U21s were very competitive against Kerry in 2016 and very competitive against Cork the previous year. We want to continue their development.”
Expand Asylum seekers and other migrants gather in a park in Bosnia and Herzegovina's capital Sarajevo, where volunteers provide them with food, blankets, and medical care. © Emina Cerimovic/Human Rights Watch
When you think of refugees in connection with Bosnia and Herzegovina, you may think of people displaced by fighting in the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s. But today the country is facing a different kind of refugee crisis as it strains to safeguard the rights of a growing number of people from other regions who are seeking protection.
According to the UNHCR, 1,138 asylum seekers and migrants arrived to Bosnia between January 1 and March 3, more than the total for 2017. Most of them are from Syria, followed by Pakistan, Libya, and Afghanistan. Some are fleeing conflict and human rights abuses, while others are seeking a better life.
Government officials say they are managing the situation, a position echoed by UNHCR. But activists and NGOs say that the government is failing to adequately protect the rights of refugees who suffer in the streets without adequate food, shelter, and medical care.
The Bosnian Islamic Community has called on authorities to do more to meet basic needs of refugees. But the state has been able to accommodate just 154 people in the only open asylum center due to limited capacity. UNHCR also confirmed that “many asylum seekers face obstacles accessing the asylum procedure” due to onerous registration requirements and tight deadlines for lodging applications.
The current influx of people crossing into Bosnia from Serbia and Montenegro may be linked to increased border enforcement and pushbacks at neighboring Croatia's border with Serbia. People either try to apply for asylum in Bosnia or make their way into the European Union by crossing the less secured 900-kilometer border between Bosnia and Croatia, according to media reports and authorities.
Private citizens, many of whom experienced horrors during the Bosnian war and displacement, have been largely supportive and offered help to refugees and migrants. However these noble efforts are not a substitute for effective state action.
Authorities expect even higher numbers of new arrivals in the coming months. Bosnian authorities and their international partners should work to ensure that the country is capable to respond in ways that respect human rights and refugee law.
Cleveland Browns' Myles Garrett runs though drills during the team's organized team activity at its NFL football training facility Tuesday, June 6, 2017, in Berea, Ohio. (AP Photo/Ron Schwane)
BEREA, Ohio (AP) -- Browns rookie defensive end Myles Garrett, the No. 1 overall pick in this year's draft, injured his left foot late in practice on Wednesday.
Garrett was rushing quarterback Brock Osweiler during a two-minute drill when he went down in the backfield. He stayed on the ground for nearly a minute and was checked by a trainer and coach Hue Jackson before being helped up and hobbling to the sideline.
He did not return to practice and limped into the field house when the Browns were forced to go indoors because of inclement weather. Garrett continued to favor his foot when he walked into the locker room.
Jackson said he would not know the extent of Garrett's injury until he is examined by doctors. Garrett missed time earlier this spring with an unspecified injury.
The Browns signed Garrett to a four-year, $30.4 million contract.
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Gold Coast Community Fund (GCCF) has been announced as the official charity of next year's Commonwealth Games.
Gold Coast 2018 chief executive Mark Peters confirmed the news after admitting the task of choosing the official charity had been a tough one.
Peters believes the selection of GCCF, who have supported the Gold Coast for more than 16 years as a fundraising umbrella organisation, shows Gold Coast 2018's commitment to the local community.
A Gold Coast 2018 charity gala dinner will be held in November, with all funds raised going to the organisation which distributes money to charities, community organisations and people in need of emergency support.
The event will also enable people to view the gold, silver and bronze medals which will be awarded during the Games.
"We have given much consideration to charitable partnerships with the final choice made easier by the fact that GCCF objectives meant support across a broad sector of the community and for those with many and varied needs," said Peters.
"It will also be very special for us to reveal the medals for the Games - something that we have saved up for a very special occasion."
GCCF chairman Rutland Smith said the organisation were honoured to be chosen as the official charity.
He added that the partnership would showcase the "compassionate heart of the Gold Coast as a city that cares" to the world.
"This partnership will create a stronger Gold Coast community by reaching people who, through hardship or other circumstances, would potentially not experience or benefit from the Games being in their backyard," said Smith.
Gold Coast 2018 chairman Peter Beattie claimed the charity partnership was an opportunity to give back to the people of the city ©Gold Coast 2018
"Our motto has always been, 'Gold Coasters helping Gold Coasters' with GCCF supporting more than 600 families, individuals and groups over the past year alone.
"The fund is run totally by volunteers and a Committee of influential Gold Coasters with a passion for the city and the welfare of its citizens, ensuring as much money as possible goes to recipients instead of administration.
"Gold Coast 2018 will be the biggest event we will experience in our lifetime, making us all the more enthusiastic to make the most of the opportunity with the legacy being a greater awareness of our organisation and those in the community in need of support."
Organisers will hold discussions about additional fundraising efforts which will take place on top of the gala dinner.
It is hoped the partnership with GCCF will support a wide variety of groups while boosting the city as a whole.
"We know the economic impact from these Games will be significant," said Gold Coast 2018 chairman Peter Beattie.
"Infrastructure development and tourism promotion as a result of the Games will continue to deliver great benefits to the city and our measures to meet sustainability targets have been outstanding.
"This is an opportunity to give back to the people of the city that is delivering the Games, by supporting those in need across a very broad range of charitable, educational and recreational areas of the community.
"And as a very special incentive for people to attend this event they will get to see the beautifully crafted gold, silver and bronze medals that athletes from across the Commonwealth will proudly be presented during Games-time."
The Gold Coast 2018 Opening Ceremony is due to take place on April 4, with Prince Charles set to officially open the Games.
The Games are scheduled to draw to a close on April 15.
Details of the charity gala can be found here, with tickets on sale from September.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Giannis Antetokounmpo had 31 points and 18 rebounds, Matthew Dellavedova scored all 10 of his points in the fourth quarter and the Milwaukee Bucks beat the Philadelphia 76ers 107-85 on Monday night for their fourth straight win since firing coach Jason Kidd.
Antetokounmpo picked up his 22nd double-double of the season to lead the Bucks, who tightened up their defense after allowing the Sixers to score 22 of their first 26 points in the paint.
Antetokounmpo then asserted himself in the lane, and Philadelphia was hard-pressed to contain the athletic 6-foot-11 forward with All-Star center Joel Embiid sitting out the game for rest.
Dario Saric had 19 points to lead the cold-shooting Sixers, who were 2 of 26 from 3-point range a night after going 11 of 29 in a loss at Oklahoma City. Ben Simmons added 16 points.
CELTICS 111, NUGGETS 110
DENVER (AP) — Kyrie Irving scored 10 of his 27 points in the fourth quarter, Jaylen Brown hit a go-ahead 3-pointer with 34 seconds remaining and the struggling Celtics edged the Nuggets.
Denver had a chance to win in dramatic fashion at the end but Torrey Craig's tip-in of Will Barton's long attempt from 3-point range was too late.
Irving finished 11 of 17 from the field to lead the Celtics to just their second win in seven games. Jayson Tatum added 20 points and Marcus Morris had 14 off the bench.
Boston blew a 20-point lead and trailed heading into the final period. Then the Celtics couldn't hold onto a six-point advantage in the final two minutes as the Nuggets tied the game at 108 with 43 seconds to go.
Nikola Jokic had a double-double by the first minute of the second half for Denver, finishing with 24 points and 11 rebounds.
HAWKS 105, TIMBERWOLVES 100
ATLANTA (AP) — Kent Bazemore scored 22 points, including a tiebreaking 3-pointer with 2:09 remaining, and the Hawks rallied after trailing by 11 in the third quarter to beat the Timberwolves.
Bazemore's clutch 3 gave the Hawks a 99-96 lead they did not relinquish. He added a blocked shot following a steal by Minnesota's Jeff Teague and another basket to stretch the lead back to three.
A layup by Taj Gibson cut Atlanta's lead to 101-100. Following a missed short jumper by Dennis Schroder, Minnesota called timeout with 14.5 seconds remaining. Unable to make the inbounds pass, Teague was whistled for a five-second violation before trying to call a timeout.
Schroder had 18 points, including four free throws in the final 11.3 seconds.
PACERS 105, HORNETS 96
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo scored 25 points, Myles Turner added 22 and the Pacers pulled away late for a victory over the Hornets.
The Pacers have won two in a row and four of five.
Kemba Walker finished with 23 points and a trio of 3-pointers to lead the Hornets, who have lost two straight and four of six.
Dwight Howard had 22 points and 11 rebounds for Charlotte. Nicolas Batum made five 3s and wound up with 22 points.
Both teams had chances to take control throughout the first 3½ quarters. Neither could until Oladipo's 19-footer spurred a 13-4 run, which finally gave Indiana a 94-86 lead with six minutes to go.
After that, it was no contest.
GRIZZLIES 120, SUNS 109
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Tyreke Evans scored 27 points, Wayne Selden added 17 points and the Grizzlies sent Phoenix to its fifth straight loss with a victory over the Suns.
Deyonta Davis and Marc Gasol both scored 12 points for Memphis, Gasol also grabbed 10 rebounds. Davis missed only one of his six shots on the night, part of the Grizzlies shooting 57 percent for the game.
T.J. Warren led the Suns with 24 points on 10 of 18 shooting, while Josh Jackson scored 20 points.
Phoenix played without leading-scorer Devin Booker, who suffered a right rib contusion in the Suns' loss Sunday at Houston. X-rays before Monday night's game were negative.
HEAT 95, MAVERICKS 88
DALLAS (AP) — Hassan Whiteside had 25 points and 14 rebounds as the Heat completed another season series sweep of the Mavericks.
The Heat never trailed after Goran Dragic had a steal that led to Tyler Johnson's tiebreaking 3-pointer to make it 38-35 just under 4 1/2 minutes left in the first half. Their lead went to double-digits again after Whiteside had consecutive baskets midway through the third quarter.
Harrison Barnes had 20 points and Wesley Matthews 19 for the Mavericks (16-35), who have dropped four games in a row and seven of eight overall.
This is the 14th time in their 30 seasons that the Heat, who beat Dallas 113-101 at home on Dec. 22, have swept the regular-season series. These teams twice met in the NBA Finals, with Miami getting its first championship in 2006 and the Mavs winning their only title in 2011.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
15:32 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 CIA chief meets with Abbas without Foreign Ministry knowledge Read more
Palestinian news agency reports CIA head meeting with PA chief in Ramallah. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Now Playing: Marine dad surprised with magical tea party photo shoot with 4-year-old daughter
Now Playing: President Trump participates in 139th White House Easter Egg Roll
Now Playing: Growing number of Americans are tolerant of marijuana use, poll finds
Now Playing: Trump family hosts its 1st White House Easter Egg Roll
Now Playing: Nebraska men get up close and personal with tornado
Now Playing: Manhunt intensifies for Cleveland murder suspect as police vow to catch him
Now Playing: Multi-state manhunt for Cleveland man suspected in killing in video uploaded to Facebook
Now Playing: NBA playoffs get off to an emotional start with Celtics star's tribute to his late sister
Now Playing: United Airlines begins policy changes amid continued backlash
Now Playing: Suspect in slaying of Massachusetts jogger set to appear in court Tuesday
Now Playing: Toxic chemical spill closes Atlanta freeway
Now Playing: 3 teens, 1 infant shot at Alabama church's Easter carnival
Now Playing: Forest fires continue to plague Florida
Now Playing: Manhunt in Cleveland for alleged gunman in Facebook Live shooting
Now Playing: Severe weather threats across the country
Now Playing: Suspect arrested in the case of the murdered jogger outside of Boston
Now Playing: Cleveland police searching for suspect who broadcast killing on Facebook
Now Playing: Attorneys for Michael Skakel hope new evidence will clear him
Now Playing: Massachusetts police arrest suspect in murder of jogger
A resilient China, rising commodity prices and sturdy financial markets are offering a sunnier outlook for the global economy and helping dispel the gloom that has lingered since the Great Recession ended.
That's the picture sketched Tuesday by the International Monetary Fund, which predicts that the world economy will grow 3.5 percent this year, up from 3.1 percent in 2016. The IMF's latest outlook for 2017 is a slight upgrade from the 3.4 percent global growth it had forecast in January.
The IMF expects the U.S. economy to grow 2.3 percent, up from 1.6 percent in 2016; the 19-country eurozone to expand 1.7 percent, the same as last year; Japan to grow 1.2 percent, up from 1 percent; and China to expand 6.6 percent, down from 6.7 percent in 2016.
The monetary fund's latest outlook for the economy comes in advance of spring meetings in Washington this week of the IMF, the World Bank and the Group of 20 major economies. The meetings come against the backdrop of a gradually strengthening international picture, especially in many emerging economies, despite resistance to free trade and political unrest in some countries.
For years after the 2008 financial crisis and the Great Recession ended, the global economy remained trapped in what the IMF's managing director, Christine Lagarde, termed "the New Mediocre." Banks were weak and reluctant to lend, and deeply indebted governments made growth-killing budget cuts.
The once-super-charged Chinese economy began a long slowdown, driving down global commodity prices and hurting countries from Australia to Zambia that fed raw materials to the world's second-biggest economy. Plummeting oil prices forced energy companies to slash production.
Now, Lagarde and others say, the outlook is brightening. China's economy has steadied, thanks to government spending and an easy-money credit boom. Beijing said Monday that its economy grew at a 6.9 percent annual pace from January to March, the fastest in more than a year. Thanks in part to relief over China's prospects, global commodity prices have stabilized after plummeting from mid-2014 to early 2016.
Oil prices have surged nearly 40 percent in the past year, partly because oil-producing countries agreed to curb production.
Financial markets have marched upward. Investors expect the Chinese government to continue supporting economic growth. They also expect President Donald Trump to deliver tax cuts and infrastructure spending that could help boost U.S. economic growth.
The IMF does warn of downside risks to its optimistic forecast. They include "the threat of deepening geopolitical tensions," the possibility that rising U.S. interest rates will squeeze economic growth and rattle financial markets and the threat that protectionist measures will damage global trade.
Wealthy economies also face deeper problems, in particular chronically weak growth in productivity — the output produced per hour of work — and aging workforces.
Seeking reply on why quota for Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribes is not is a place for both students and faculty appointments, Uttar Pradesh SC/ST Commission on Wednesday served a notice to Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), asking its registrar to reply by August 8.
Uttar Pradesh SC/ST Commission on Wednesday served a notice to Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), seeking reply on why quota for Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribes is not in place for both students and faculty appointments. The commission has also declared that AMU is not a minority commission, citing various Supreme Court and high court directions. The development comes days after Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath raised the demand for reservation of seats for Dalits in minority-run institutions, such as Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) and Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI).
In the notice sent by SC/ST Commission, its chairman Brij Lal has said that a notice has been served to Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), asking its registrar to reply by August 8.
Updating………..
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Drug-related investigations are by far the most common reason for law-enforcement organisations to access information covered by Australia's data retention regime.
In the period between the new data retention rules kicking in — 13 October 2015 — and the end of the 2016 financial year, law-enforcement agencies self-authorised the disclosure of so-called metadata on 57,166 occasions in relation to criminal investigations of drug offences.
Homicide investigations were a distant second — 25,245 authorisations — followed by ‘miscellaneous' (12,716), robbery (11,795) and fraud (11,282). Criminal investigations of terrorism offences, commonly cited as one of the key drivers for introducing data retention, resulted in 4,454 authorisations.
The federal government today made public the long-await annual report for FY16 on the use of powers covered by the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979. The 2015-16 report is the first since Australia's data retention laws came into effect, with the new regime delaying the report's release.
Almost 83 per cent of the telecommunications data accessed by police agencies since data retention kicked in was zero to three months' old; less than 1 per cent was 21-24 months old (under the data retention rules, relevant data must be retained for 24 months).
The new report covers the 12 months ending 30 June 2016. Data retention began on 13 October 2015, so this edition of the report also includes data on the organisations that accessed metadata under the old rules.
Between 1 July 2015 and 12 October 2015, 63 agencies accessed the kind of telecommunications data that now covered by the new regime.
“Telecommunications data” is often dubbed “metadata”. It does not include the content of a communication but instead covers data such as the parties involved in a communication, the means of communication, and when a communication took place.
Before data retention was introduced, metadata could be accessed by any agency that met the definition of “enforcement agency” under the TIA Act. That definition included any organisation that enforced a criminal law, a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or a law that protected public revenue.
The TIA Act annual report covers both “historical” (“existing”) telecommunications data and “prospective data” (that is, data that comes into existence while an authorisation is in force).
Under the data retention rules, the number of organisations that have warrant-free access to metadata has dropped to 21: State, territory and federal police forces and anti-corruption bodies, as well as the Australian Crime Commission, the Department of Immigration and Border Protection (DIBP), the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) and the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC).
Under the regime set out in the amended TIA Act, these agencies are defined as “criminal law-enforcement agencies”. In the period covered by the report, collectively the organisations authorised the 332,639 disclosures of historical data. That figure represents a drop from 2014-15 figure of 360,771.
The authorisations cover three broad situations: Enforcing a criminal law, enforcing a law that imposes a pecuniary penalty or the protection of the public revenue, and locating a missing person. By far the most common use of metadata is the first of these categories.
NSW Police was the most prolific user of metadata for criminal investigations, authorising 105,710 disclosures (down from 114,111 in the prior year), followed by Victoria Police (82,034, down up from 66,663), WA Police (35,350, down from 36,310), Queensland Police (29,271, down from 40,710) and the Australian Federal Police (25,640, down from 27,442).
The report also reveals the extraordinary gamut of organisations that accessed telecommunications data prior to data retention commencing: At a federal level, the Australian Taxation Office, Australia Post, the Australian Financial Security Authority, the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency, the Department of Defence, the Department of Human Services, the Department of Social Services and Fair Work all accessed telco data.
(One noteworthy absence in 2015-16: The National Measurement Institute.)
At a state and territory level, 15 organisations accessed data under the old rules during the period 1 July to 12 October 2015 in order to enforce a criminal law; they included a number of state government departments, branches of the RSPCA, Worksafe Victoria, and Hume City Council.
Nineteen state and territory organisations issued authorisations in the same period for the purposes of enforcing “a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or the protection of the public revenue”, including two local councils, Racing NSW, Racing and Wagering WA and two state offices of fair trading.
Delays in dealing with complaints against St. Catharines Coun. Andy Petrowski are “unacceptable,” said Haley Bateman.
And the St. Catharines resident who filed a formal complaint against the two-term councillor in April said the Region's inaction in dealing with the issues has left her feeling “vulnerable.”
“It seems to me that Coun. Petrowski is managing the situation and they're just kind of following suit. They're not doing anything,” Bateman said in an interview, Monday.
An investigation into Bateman's complaint by the office of the regional integrity commissioner Edward McDermott, determined that Petrowski violated council's code of conduct for the fifth time this year, when he failed to declare a conflict of interest while attempting to block a previous integrity commissioner investigation into his conduct.
As a result of the integrity commissioner's findings, Bateman asked regional councillors at last week's council meeting to remove Petrowski from any committees he sits on, and to discontinue his pay.
However, after spending nearly an hour behind closed doors discussing the report, councillors instead voted 22-2 to defer making a decision on the issue until after Petrowski returns from a leave of absence - taken just hours before the meeting was to begin.
“We will deal with this once Coun. Petrowski returns,” Regional chair Alan Caslin told the audience at the meeting. “Our decision tonight was based on legal advice that we had in camera.”
Petrowski declined to comment when contacted by The Standard, Monday.
“Do you know that I'm on leave right now?” he said. “Please refrain from contacting me.”
Asked when he planned to return to council, Petrowski said: “That's a fair question; I'm planning to return when I return.”
Neither regional Chair Alan Caslin nor the Region's human resources director Peter Wadsworth would discuss Petrowski's leave of absence, calling it a human resources issue.
Bateman said Petrowski “craftily took a leave of absence just hours before this meeting where he was to be held accountable, as he has done before.”
Petrowski previously stepped away from his duties as an elected official on May 31, after a pornographic image was sent to nearly 100 people from his regional e-mail account.
Caslin said the Municipal Act does not address the number of leaves of absence elected officials are permitted to take within a year.
By deferring its decision, Bateman said she believes “council is putting Coun. Petrowski ahead of staff at the Region.”
“I think that's unacceptable,” she said. “I can't tell you how disappointed I am at council's lack of response.”
The lack of support from regional council has also left her feeling vulnerable.
“When you file a formal complaint, you're one individual standing up to this person. They do have a certain amount of power. If council had acted swiftly before, it would be all council with a great deal of citizens trying to resolve all of the damage that Petrowski has done to this Region. Instead, it's me against him, or that's the perception,” she said.
“I do feel vulnerable in this situation. I wish I didn't but my conscience won't allow me not to continue to be involved. Once I started this process, I wanted to see it through.”
Bateman said she believes some councillors were disappointed that the integrity commissioner report was not dealt with on Thursday. Thorold Coun. Henry D'Angela and Lincoln Coun. Bill Hodgson, for instance, voted against the deferral motion.
“At the end of the day, they're paid to do a job. I'm asking them to hold Coun. Petrowski accountable and they're not. I have to be disappointed with the outcome,” she said.
“I went there to see it through. A complaint was filed more than six months ago, and we're just at the point where they're dealing with it now and it might be delayed for another 90 days.”
As a result of the inaction, Bateman said the residents of Niagara Region are suffering.
“He's being very crafty,” she said. “He knows what he's doing. If he cannot do his job – this is the second time this year he's on a leave – he should leave his position permanently.”
Agence France-Presse, Washington, Oct 7 2017, 10:05 IST
President Donald Trump will dispatch his top diplomatic and military advisers to Pakistan in the coming weeks, turning up the heat on a nuclear-armed ally accused of harbouring terror groups.
Weeks after Trump angrily accused Islamabad of providing safe haven to "agents of chaos," Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to depart for Pakistan late this month.
He will be followed by Secretary of Defence Jim Mattis, according to US and Pakistani sources.
The one-two punch is designed to drill home Trump's message that Pakistani state support for jihadist groups has to end, according to officials briefed on the visits.
Washington has long been frustrated by Pakistan's willingness to offer cross-border safe havens to Taliban factions and armed Islamist groups fighting US troops and their Afghan allies.
The relationship reached the breaking point in 2011, when president Barack Obama sent commandos into Pakistan in 2011 to kill Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden, who was living in a military garrison town.
With little change since then, Trump came to office indicating that Washington's frustration had reached the point where something had to give.
"We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting," he said an August address.
But in the six weeks since Trump signalled that tougher tone, there have been precious few signs that the calculus in South Asia has changed.
Mattis told Congress this week that he will try "one more time" to "see if we can make this work."
"To this point, we have not seen any impact on military- to military-relations," said one Pentagon official, suggesting any change would not happen after Mattis' visit.
Visiting Washington, Pakistan's foreign minister Khawaja Asif appeared unwavering.
He lashed out at "hollow allegations" about Pakistan harbouring terrorists as "not acceptable."
"That is not the way you talk to 70-year-old friends," Asif said bitterly.
"Instead of accusations and threats we should cooperate with each other for the peace in the region," he said while confirming Tillerson's visit.
While professing anger in public, Pakistani officials in private complain about receiving no concrete requests to target the Haqqani network or other groups.
US officials have been reticent to share some intelligence for fear of tipping off targets with links inside Pakistan's government.
Earlier this month a US drone killed three suspected militants in an attack on a compound in Pakistan's tribal region.
Pakistani officials also complain of receiving mixed messages from the Trump administration, which is still struggling to find its feed under a mercurial commander-in- chief.
A September meeting in New York between Vice President Mike Pence and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was said to be cordial, despite Trump's fire and brimstone rhetoric.
"It was a very good meeting with the vice president," said Asif.
After that, Pakistan officials said, they were surprised at a tougher tone outlined in public by Mattis and in private by Trump's National Security Adviser HR McMaster.
(First of three parts)
BINANGONAN, RIZAL—Jovita Bariring, 75, has a vivid memory of Laguna de Bay from decades ago.
She was 16 when she married Remegio, a fisherman's son from Los Baños town in Laguna province. They did not have much for a honeymoon trip, so after the wedding, Remegio took her for a boat ride around Talim Island in the lake.
ADVERTISEMENT
The view was an expanse of sky and water, “so clear you could actually see right through it,” Bariring said.
It was 1958 and fish abounded in the lake, they did not worry where to get their meals.
Talim is an island community where film director Ishmael Bernal shot the 1970s classic “Nunal sa Tubig.”
With 17 villages in the towns of Binangonan and Cardona in Rizal province, it truly is a “speck” in the middle of the 90,000-hectare (900-square-kilometer) lake.
Laguna de Bay is the largest inland body of water in the Philippines and the third largest in Southeast Asia, its size about 23 times bigger than the Philippine capital, Manila.
The lake region, composed of Metro Manila and the Calabarzon region (Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, Quezon), serves as the country's “ecological heart,” said Nereus Acosta, general manager of the Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA).
60 percent of GDP
With 25 percent of the country's population dependent on the lake, this region generates almost 60 percent of the Philippines' gross domestic product.
On July 25, 2016, President Duterte, in his first State of the Nation Address, cited the lake as part of his administration's environment programs. He aims to transform the lake into a “vibrant economic zone showcasing ecotourism.”
Mr. Duterte said in his speech that every time he flew to Davao City, he saw from his plane window fishing structures splicing the lake into smaller rectangles.
He blamed privately owned fish pens for the reduced catch of the fishermen.
“The plane passes over that lake every time I go to Davao. I can see that there is no more space for small fishermen and they are complaining about their loss. Their fishing areas have been limited,” he said.
He said his administration would deal with the “negative impact of watershed destruction, land conversion and pollution” in the lake.
“This is what I am telling you. The poor fishermen will have priority in its entitlements,” he said.
‘Choked'
Section 51 of the Fisheries Code of the Philippines (Republic Act No. 8550) states that “not over 10 percent of the suitable water surface area of all lakes and rivers shall be allotted for aquaculture purposes like fish pens, fish cages and fish traps.”
RA 8550 also says that the “stocking density and feeding requirement shall be controlled and determined by the [lake's] carrying capacity.”
The lake's carrying capacity therefore allows up to only 9,000 hectares for aquaculture. But over the years, the area covered by fish pens and fish cages had grown to 12,315.80 hectares (as of June 30, 2016).
Records from the LLDA showed that 358 fish pen operators, who own fishing structures, occupy a combined area of 10,438.74 hectares. This means that even those operating “legally” exceed the limit by a little over 1,000 hectares. This also means that structures occupying over 2,000 hectares are illegal.
“It (Laguna de Bay) really is choked,” said Acosta, who was appointed head of the LLDA by then President Benigno Aquino III.
Acosta, who served as presidential adviser for environment protection and served in the Aquino Cabinet for five years, continues to hold his position in the LLDA on a holdover capacity.
He likened the fishing structures to body fat, saying too much of it makes it harmful to one's health.
“So you take some of that out. Bring it back to [the] carrying capacity and then allow for hydrology (natural flow of water) to be more balanced [thus] giving the lake a chance to rehabilitate,” he said.
Laguna de Bay's aquaculture industry began in the early 1970s when businessmen, mostly from Malabon City in Metro Manila and Rizal, saw the lake's potential.
The government, through the LLDA, piloted commercial fish growing by putting up a 38-hectare pen in Cardona, Rizal, in 1970.
By 1973, 993 private fish pens occupied 4,802 hectares. The industry peaked toward the end of the decade, as the fish pen area grew to 35,000 hectares.
“Laguna de Bay is unique. It's a living lake that produces its own abundant [supply of] algae,” said Mel Felix, head of the Association of Laguna Lake Fish Producers (ALLFP).
Phytoplankton serves as natural food for fingerlings, hence operators rarely use commercial feed that contribute to the lake's pollution.
The lake also has the capacity to naturally “cleanse” its water by the entry of saltwater, through the Pasig River, once a year.
This makes Laguna de Bay suitable for fish pens.
“You source fingerlings from Bulacan and put them in a pen,” Felix said. With less input, as opposed to fishponds in Pangasinan and Pampanga provinces, the price of fish from the lake (P30 to P40 a kilogram for “bangus”) stays half the price of those from other areas.
The ALLFP has more than a hundred members, most of them wealthy investors or corporations.
During the early years, retired military officers operated structures in the lake. In the 1980s, Taiwanese businessmen came in, followed by Korean traders.
Foreign investors did not last long, because many lost millions of pesos to typhoons in the 1990s or had been cheated by Filipino caretakers.
Selling rights
In an effort to regulate the growing fish pen industry, the LLDA, in 1983, drew up a zoning map. But it took the agency 12 years to fully enforce it due to strong opposition from fish pen operators.
The Fishery Zoning and Management Plan (also called Zomap) is like a subdivision plan, identifying fishing zones and navigational lanes.
The government is using the 2003 Zomap, known as the “Arroyo belt” or the “Cataquiz belt,” as it was revised during the administration of then President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, with Calixto Cataquiz as LLDA general manager. It restricts fish pens within a 10,000-hectare area and smaller fish cages in a 5,000-hectare area.
Over the past 10 years, the LLDA has stopped issuing permits to new investors, prompting other operators to build structures outside the map that eat up navigational lanes.
These “illegal” operators usually have connections to mayors of lakeshore towns or to LLDA field agents, Felix said.
Maureen Tolentino, LLDA information officer, said fish pen operators had been issued permits to “sort of lease space in the lake.”
These permits are renewable annually for a fee of P6,000 per hectare for fish pens or P3,000 per hectare for fish cages.
Sixty percent of the total fee collection goes to the LLDA while the rest is divided among lakeshore towns.
The smallest fish pen occupies a little over 4 hectares and the largest about 50 hectares. An individual is allowed only up to 5 hectares, a cooperative up to 25 hectares, and a corporation up to 50 hectares.
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — A helicopter crashed into a Southern California home shortly after takeoff on Tuesday, killing three people and injuring two others, officials said.
The four-seat Robinson R44 went down at about 1:45 p.m. in the gated community in Newport Beach, about 45 miles (72 kilometers) southeast of Los Angeles, authorities said.
The injured were taken to hospitals but there was no immediate word on their condition.
Fire Chief Chip Duncan confirmed the deaths and injuries, but could not say how many of the dead were aboard the aircraft. Four people were aboard the helicopter, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
A neighbor who heard the crash told KCAL-TV that he saw the pilot lying injured but alive on the grass and three other people inside the wreckage.
"We tried to pry them out but we didn't want to touch them," said the neighbor, who was not identified by the television station. "We didn't want to take a chance of hurting anybody."
"The three people were all crunched in there together," he said. "One I could see moving an arm."
The aircraft had taken off from John Wayne Airport, said Ian Gregor, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration. The airport is about a mile (1.6 kilometers) from the crash site. There was no fire.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Kenyan opposition leader sworn in during mock "inauguration" despite warning of treason.
North Korea will conduct "more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis," a senior official from the country has told BBC News.
Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol also said that any U.S. military intervention would result in "all out war."
Han's heated rhetoric on Monday was matched by North Korea's permanent representative to the United Nations, Ambassador Kim In Ryong, who said that "thermonuclear war may break out at any moment on the [Korean] peninsula and pose a serious threat to the world's peace and security."
The North Korean officials' comments came hours after U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said that the "era of strategic patience" with the North Korean government was over.
"President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change. We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable," Pence said during a visit to the demilitarized zone that separates North and South Korea.
Pence was speaking in South Korea shortly after a failed North Korean missile test.
In recent weeks, U.S. Pacific Command instructed the U.S.S. Carl Vinson naval strike group to head to the region in a show of force meant to deter North Korea from conducting further missile or nuclear tests.
Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Ambassador Kim, North Korea's U.N. representative, said that deploying the U.S. strike group to the region was a "reckless move" and suggested that the U.S. was focused on invading North Korea.
Experts, however, cast doubt on claims that open conflict was imminent.
Col. Steve Ganyard, an ABC News contributor and former State Department official, said that North Korea can not afford weekly tests, but that "they will keep up appearances until things quiet down."
"I see no indications of an impending military strike as it would require a lot of diplomatic and military ground work that doesn't seem to be underway," Ganyard said.
Robert Kelly, an associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, speaking on Sunday night, said that the failed missile test was "probably the best possible outcome," because the North Koreans "got to say that they made trouble," while "the Americans were sort of let off the hook of having to find some kind of response."
This is a developing story. Please check back for the latest.
ABC News' Luis Martinez contributed to this report from the Pentagon.
Osteoarthritis afflicts some 27 million Americans, and that number will certainly grow with the increase in obesity, the current emphasis on lifelong physical activity and the aging of the population. It is a degenerative joint disease that occurs when the protective cartilage on the ends of bones and often the surface of the bones themselves wear down, causing pain, stiffness, instability and disability that can interfere with work and mobility and diminish quality of life.
The Iowa team noted that arthritis will eventually develop in more than 40 percent of people who seriously injure the ligaments (the stabilizing bands that connect bones to one another); the meniscus (the crescent-shaped cartilage that cushions the knee and certain other joints), or the articular surface of a joint. People with a history of trauma to the knee, for example, are three to six times more likely to develop arthritis in that knee. Even without an acute injury, highly repetitive impact on a joint can damage the articular cartilage.
This may help to explain why I ended up with bone-on-bone arthritis and had to replace both knees at age 63. I'd sustained three ligament injuries (while skiing) and after years of running and singles tennis, the meniscus in both knees had shredded. Although I did the recommended physical therapy after each injury, I now know that I was not sufficiently diligent about maintaining the strength and flexibility of the supporting muscles and other tissues that might have better protected my knees for years longer.
Recognizing how common a scenario this is, a prestigious group of athletic trainers has issued a call for a more aggressive approach to both preventing and managing post-traumatic arthritis among physically active people. Although athletic trainers most often treat team players and elite athletes, they also work at physical therapy and rehab clinics where they often see joint damage among recreational athletes like me.
They pointed out in a consensus statement in the Journal of Athletic Training that arthritis should no longer be considered a disease that affects only the elderly.
“Increasing evidence demonstrates that young and middle-aged adults are suffering from osteoarthritis as well,” the statement said. “More than half of adults with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis are younger than 65.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In fact, as Joseph M. Hart, an athletic trainer who conducts clinical research at the University of Virginia, and his colleagues wrote in the journal, “A 17-year-old athlete who tears her anterior cruciate ligament could develop osteoarthritis before she turns 30, potentially leading to chronic pain and disability.” Damage to this ligament, in the center of the knee, is the most common injury among young athletes, especially girls, they wrote.
Jeffrey B. Driban, an athletic trainer at Tufts Medical Center in Boston, said that one person in three who injures the anterior cruciate ligament “will have X-ray evidence of osteoarthritis within 10 years” whether or not the injury is repaired surgically.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Driban and co-authors pointed out that some sports – soccer, elite-level long-distance running, competitive weight lifting and wrestling – are associated with a higher risk of knee injuries.
A person's risk of injury can be reduced by having deficits in muscle strength, balance and stability evaluated and treated, Dr. Hart said in an interview. However, he added, “not all injuries can be prevented, and unless the initial injury is properly treated, it can lead to additional injuries to the same joint or other joints,” increasing the chance that arthritis will develop early in life.
Dr. Driban said in an interview that sports participants who sustain a knee injury can minimize the risk of reinjury and arthritis by “not rushing back into activity or trying to play through pain. They must strengthen the muscles that support the joint – the quads, hamstrings and hip muscles. It's important to think about the entire lower extremity, not just the knee.”
Following an injury, an athletic trainer, rehabilitation specialist or physical therapist who specializes in orthopedics can evaluate a person's muscle strength, endurance, balance and movement quality, then guide recovery with a structured rehab program that is maintained for six to nine months, Dr. Hart said.
It is also important to continue to pursue an active lifestyle, said Abby C. Thomas of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. “You may have to modify the activities you do, but you have to stay active to maintain strength and cardiovascular fitness without putting repetitive stress on a joint that's already injured. If your knee hurts and you can't run, maybe get on a bike or swim,” activities that place less stress on the knees.
“Don't sit around on the couch because running hurts,” Dr. Thomas said. “Try walking, or something different, but don't give up on physical activity.”
Lifelong activity is also important to prevent weight gain, since every extra pound places disproportionate stress on the knees. All the authors emphasized that pursuing a healthy lifestyle is crucial for everyone, not just elite athletes and those who play on school teams.
