The vehicle sought in connection with a young mother and her infant son has been located.
Massachusetts State Police said Tuesday that the vehicle, a grey Honda CRV, was located in Springfield. It was found at an address associated with 15-year-old Shantel Van Voorhis's family.
Shortly after, police said her four-month-old son, Jacob Van Voorhis, was turned over to authorities at the Department of Children and Families by a member of her family. The teen has yet to be located.
Van Voorhis is described as approximately 5 feet 6 inches tall and about 180 pounds. She is biracial - Latina and white - with long curly brown hair and hazel eyes.
Police say Van Voorhis disappeared early Monday with her infant son from a residential program in Newburyport where they were residing.
She left without antibiotics prescribed to Jacob for an infection or soy formula for the child.
If located, please contact the Newburyport Police Department at 978-462-4411 or dial 911.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephanie Davis was terrified when she woke up to find her baby Caben's face covered in blood.
Her one-year-old has suffered a series of sudden nosebleeds and took to Instagram to beg fans for advice.
"Do any mummies with one year olds have nose bleeds??" she asked her Instagram followers in a panic last night.
"Caben's been having a few and worried, going to take him to the doctors tomorrow."
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
"Anyone who's dealt with this let me know,"she begged.
"No he's not had a cold, he's had one in bed in the middle of the night which was horrible to turn the light on to," she continued.
"One in the car today and one just now in the swimming baths. All different places."
She later thanked fans for their "hundreds of messages" and "love and support".
Earlier this week, Steph dropped a new hint she's back on with her new boyfriend, months after splitting from violent criminal Jeremy McConnell.
(Image: Instagram)
The 24-year-old ex-Hollyoaks actress has been making a fresh start since her turbulent relationship with fellow Celebrity Big Brother housemate Jez, which ended shortly before she suffered a miscarriage with their second child.
She appeared to have a brief romance with non-celebrity Jacob Gill, but was rumoured to have split with him earlier this month over fears he was a 'party animal'.
But late on night earlier this week she seemed to confirm she's back in a relationship - by describing herself as 'wifey'.
(Image: Instagram/Stephanie Davis)
Taking to Instagram to document her house-cleaning process for fans, Steph posed in a sexy black lacy negligee and pouted into the camera.
She captioned the selfie: "Tidy up and chill, tick. Productive house day done, tick."
The mum of one then added the hashtag "wifey".
It came after Steph faced accusations of conducting a 'fauxmance' with Jacob after a source close to her told Mirror Online she was only pretending to be in a new relationship.
(Image: Instagram)
"This is all for Jeremy's benefit. All the posts that started appearing from her regarding Caben and his birthday are also to get a reaction from him," her close pal told us.
"She's been silent online for so long. After everything that came out about Jez, she started her own little romance campaign."
A rep for Stephanie declined to comment, but Stephanie took down the Instagram profile picture showing her and Jacob snuggling up on a sofa and replaced it with a selfie after news of her split was reported.
However, the post that hinted at her new love, posted on January 8, remains up.
It reads: "&&so there's this boy, And the way he laughs makes me smile, And the way he talks gives me butterflies, And everything about him, makes me happy."
Meanwhile, Jacob's Instagram showed Stephanie kissing his forehead while he beams into the camera.
(Image: Instagram)
Irish model Jeremy, who was convicted of beating Steph black and blue while she was holding their eight-week-old son, was recently spotted with trans model Ashlei Parris, although both he and she denied being in a relationship.
And just days later, Stephanie made it clear she'd also moved on from the toxic drama of her previous romance by dropping heavy hints she'd found love.
While neither Steph nor Jacob publicly acknowledged they were in a relationship, she did nothing to dispel the chatter about her new man when she replaced her profile picture with their coupley snap.
She also lashed out at Jeremy last month while celebrating baby Caben's first birthday, after he shared an Instagram Story post saying it was a "shame" he couldn't see his son that day.
(Image: Instagram/stephaniedavis88)
"Please don't act father of the year when you haven't paid ONE penny towards your SON, you have NEVER asked about him or ASKED TO SEE HIM," she blasted.
"You are no role model to your son so don't act like you give one damn!! As if you did you would have been there in his life!!
"Please no one buy into this bull," she told her followers. "No Christmas present or birthday LET ALONE A CARD!! So drop the act.
"Now, to continue enjoying my boy's birthday, who I have raised ALONE, don't pretend you care now. Disgusting using your son. Shame on you!"
Jeremy, who was briefly jailed last year for failing to turn up to community service, is still banned from contacting Stephanie under the terms of a three-year restraining order.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. - UPDATE
NBC New York is now reporting that the girl's father, Travis Plummer, was arrested on April 19 in Puerto Rico.
ORIGINAL STORY
A child found dead in a suitcase in Jersey City almost two weeks ago has been identified as a missing 2-year-old from Virginia, according to WNBC.
Te'Myah Plummer was last seen by family in Richmond in August, according to NBC affiliate WWBT.
Authorities believe the toddler was dead for several days before her body was found wrapped in a blanket in a suitcase on the tracks April 11. There were no visible signs of trauma on the girl, who authorities say was carefully placed, fully clothed, in the case.
The search for the girl's father, Travis, who is not believed to be in New Jersey, is ongoing.
Plummer is described as a 37-year-old man, 5 feet 8 inches tall, weighing about 250 pounds. He has not been seen by family in Richmond since August 2017.
If you know where Travis Plummer is, call Richmond police Sgt. F. Scarpa at 804-646-6772.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
India announces minimum support prices for more than 20 crops each year to set a benchmark. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: The government has raised the minimum support price at which the government will buy new- season common rice variety from domestic farmers by 13% as the Narendra Modi-led National Democratic Alliance looks to woo millions of farmers ahead of general elections due early next year. India, one of the world's key producers of an array of farm commodities, announces support prices for more than 20 crops each year to set a benchmark. The Modi government said in its February budget that it would buy crops at 1.5 times the cost of production, a major shift after keeping the so-called minimum support price in low single digits over the past three years.
Analysts and economists have warned the move could help push up inflation, add to the fiscal deficit and prompt India's central bank to raise interest rates more steeply than expected:
Upasna Bhardwaj, senior economist, Kotak Mahindra Bank
“Most of the wholesale prices are higher than the mininum support price (MSP). How that translates into market prices will be a function of how exactly the implementation of these MSPs would be. At this point, it is a little difficult to gauge exact impact on inflation. It seems to be inflationary, but magnitude is uncertain.”
“There has been a lot of farm distress and measures have been taken to alleviate these problems, this being one of them. This move was something that was necessary, but needs to be implemented in the right way to ensure they get what they need, to be able to cover up for the costs.”
Tirthankar Patnaik, India strategist, Mizuho Bank
“The Rs200 per quintal hike for paddy is very reasonable, so not likely to rattle markets. If the number was anything beyond Rs200, there could have been some market implication. The hike will add about a 25 basis point number to headline inflation, which the government would be okay with. I think this hike should not have too much of a negative impact.”
“The hike in ragi crop was higher than expected. A larger hike in paddy would have moved the needle. So, this is a negative, but not an unexpected negative from a fiscal balance perspective. It is quite clear it was a question between keeping the farmer community happy in the pre-election year and also not to upset the credit rating agencies. With this hike for paddy, they have ensured the tightrope balance is fine.”
“We may see these populist measures coming from the state governments instead of federal government. I'll not be surprised if we see similar sops from the state government simply because the current GST collection, crude at over $70 does not leave much room for fiscal balancing by the central government.”
Shubhada Rao, chief economist, Yes Bank, Mumbai
“The median hike from the minimum support prices (MSPs) is 25% compared with 3-4% in the last three years. The impact from these MSP hikes will be 35 basis points to headline inflation in the current fiscal year, and another 35 bps in the next. MSP hike is broadly along expected lines, and as such, may not accentuate concerns for the Reserve Bank of India on this account.“
“However, a larger concern emanates from continued elevated prices of crude oil. We maintain a risk of one more hike of 25 bps by October. We don't see any material risk on fiscal as the impact is at a manageable level of 0.1% of GDP. In every preceding election year the MSP hikes have been high, like it was 40% in 2009, 27% in 2013 and 25% in 2018. This will help in boosting farmer income and potentially offset the adverse impact of high oil prices on growth.”
A Prasanna, chief economist, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd
“The newly announced minimum support prices for Kharif crops mark a steep rise in prices. We estimate that the rise in support prices of cereals and pulses in FY 2019 will be nearly 25%, equivalent to the cumulative increase seen over the last five years. On a CPI-weighted basis, the increase amounts to 90 basis points, and we thus, expect at least 50 bps upside risk to forward-looking inflation estimate. Should the government rely on large-scale procurement of crops to implement these prices, then the fiscal cost could be around 0.3% of GDP, which will likely be shared by the central and state governments.
“As far as monetary policy is concerned, we expect the MPC to take note of the upside risk due to direct impact of higher MSPs, fiscal cost and second round effects. In tandem with further rise in oil prices and rupee depreciation since the June policy this development should cement the case for another hike. We continue to expect that hike to be delivered in the October meeting.”
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Chairman PAAPAM Mashood Khan Said, is shocked on learning the news of disbandment of Engineering Development Board (EDB), as reported in the news media. Apparently, this decision was taken at a high-level meeting in the absence of any stakeholders from the engineering industry.
To dismantle an institution, which has been instrumental in promoting the engineering sector and spearheading the acceleration of localization, on charges that are not fully substantiated nor verified through a systematic audit, would be a travesty of justice and fair play.
EDB was established to oversee multiple areas related to the engineering sector. An important area where EDB has contributed the most is the Automobile Sector. It oversees the implementation of the Auto Policy, based on predefined policy document guidelines.
It supports the vendor industry by handling various SRO's, by assuring local content enhancement and curtailment of rollback, based on the government's policy guidelines. Based on the internal dynamics, managing the engineering industry, and particularly the Auto Sector,is complex work and requires great degree of expertise and experience.
This strength of decision making and control in EDB evolves from its strong governing bodies, i.e. the Board of Directors and more so from AIDC, the Auto industry Development Committee, where joint decisions are drawn from wide representations of government experts and Industry specialists from all the hi-tech engineering sectors.
Unfortunately, during the last two years tenure of the outgoing CEO EDB, the above strength of EDB was totally eroded by this specific individual, due to his incompetency, inadequacy and malfeasance. His maladministration exceeded all limits, as he bypassed the apex body, AIDC, and assumed dictatorial powers.
The current problems of EDB therefore does not lie with the institution; rather the blame falls squarely on the shoulders of the then head of this institution. All credit to the government that it did not renew the contract of the then CEO of EDB. The next right thing to do should be the appointment of the right person for this vacant position of CEO EDB.
Closure and shifting the responsibility of EDB, will derail the engineering industry, specially the auto sector, will lead to inefficiency in the government, and lack of expertise would further complicate the situation, leading to stoppage of investments in Auto Sector, especially the Vending Sector.
Mashood Khan Chairman PAAPAM strongly recommends that proposal of disbandment of EDB should be taken back immediately. To improve the situation, a professional CEO EDB should be appointed, based on capability to handle such an organization. Powers of AIDC should be revived and formalized, to ensure a strong system of checks and balances on all EDB ongoing issues.
Mashood Khan Chairman PAAPAM, as the authorized representative of the auto parts manufacturers of Pakistan, assures the Prime Minister of its full support and cooperation in this initiative, and we will play our due role in ensuring that the government achieves its goal of rejuvenating EDB.
WATERLOO REGION — Thirteen influenza-related deaths have been reported in Waterloo Region this flu season.
"We're definitely seeing more hospitalizations and severity of illness this season," said Kristy Wright, regional manager of infectious disease and tuberculosis control.
All the flu-related deaths have been among people 65 years and older. Older people are more susceptible to the virus and also don't respond as well to the vaccine.
"In the vulnerable population, we do expect some deaths," Wright said.
While this season's numbers are on the higher side, they're within expectations for a busy flu season.
"Influenza is actually one of the diseases with the greatest burden of illness in the country," Wright said. "Every flu season is quite significant."
Local flu activity is widespread, as would be expected for this time of year. It also is consistent with provincial levels, according to an update provided to regional councillors this week.
So far this season there have been 22 outbreaks in long-term care and retirement homes — comparable to previous seasons. In total, there have been 34 respiratory outbreaks in nursing homes and hospitals up to Jan. 19.
"Sometimes both strains within the same outbreak," Wright said.
While influenza A has accounted for most of the flu activity so far this season, there's been an early emergence of influenza B, which is circulating at higher levels than expected at this time. Currently, the split is about 70 per cent strain A and 30 per cent B.
NEW YORK - Rafael Devers was unfazed by the situation.
When the 20-year-old rookie stepped to the plate in the top of the ninth on Sunday night, not only had the Red Sox bullpen just blown a 2-1 lead, but Devers was facing one of the most dominant closer's in the game.
In his eight-year career, Aroldis Chapman had given up just 19 home runs entering Sunday night. Only one of those 19 homers came off the bat off a left-handed hitter.
Devers, facing Chapman for the first time in his young career, became the second lefty in 419 games to homer off the closer.
Down to two strikes, Devers blasted a 103 mph fastball from Chapman to left-center to tie the game. Andrew Benintendi hit an RBI single the following inning as the Red Sox rallied to beat New York 3-2 in 10 innings.
"An incredible swing off of a 100-mph plus fastball," Red Sox manager John Farrell said. "He doesn't fear the moment. He's jumped feet first into this rivalry and it couldn't come at a better time."
"I was thinking hit the ball up the middle," Devers said. "You can't plan a home run."
Devers entered the game as pinch-hitter for Chris Young, who started as designated hitter against lefty Jordan Montgomery.
The weekend series was Devers' first taste of the Red Sox-Yankees rivalry and he didn't waste any time making his mark.
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. She can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
Ivanka Trump, who considers herself as an advocate for women and mothers, has been tweeting a lot these days about the world-famous athlete and new mother Serena Williams. Her recent posts, along with the fact that the tennis player has known Donald Trump for years, may have caused some to speculate about whether Ivanka Trump and Serena Williams know each other.
Ivanka has actually tweeted gushing praise of Williams many times over the years, but this month she really stepped it up. Last week she rushed to Williams' defense after the French Open organizers decided not to seed her — in other words, give her a preliminary ranking in their bracket — even though she was ranked first by the Women's Tennis Association before going on maternity leave. And on Wednesday, Ivanka retweeted a post from Williams in support of mothers who are suffering through difficult pregnancy recoveries.
"A total winner...on + off the court!" she wrote.
But there seems to be no public evidence that Ivanka is friends with Williams. It's more likely that she's just a big fan. That she's a fan, at least, is obvious. She's called Williams "amazing" and "a formidable athlete ( the best ever!)" In July of 2016, she tweeted a quote from Williams with the hashtag #wisewords.
Williams lives in Palm Beach, Florida, the home of Trump's famous Mar-a-Lago hotel, which has led some to call him her "neighbor." And she knows Trump, as she described to reporters in June of 2016.
"I have met [... Trump] several times, as I live in Palm Beach and everyone in Palm Beach kind of know each other," she said, according to Tennis Now. She added, "I don't get involved in politics. I don't vote. It goes back to my religion, and I'm not involved at all in that political scene."
Williams is a Jehovah's Witness and therefore believes that the Bible compels her to remain apolitical, as JW.org explains.
We do not lobby, vote for political parties or candidates, run for government office, or participate in any action to change governments. [...] Although we do not take part in politics, we respect the authority of the governments under which we live. [...] We also respect the rights of others to make their own decisions in political matters."
Matthew Stockman/Getty Images Sport/Getty Images
When asked about Trump again a couple of months later, in August of 2016, Williams reiterated that she doesn't involve herself in politics, but also added: "I think it is important we should pass the message of love, as opposed to hate."
Although Williams calls herself politically neutral, she doesn't hesitate to talk about how racism and sexism have influenced her career and rebuke prejudiced comments made about her. In honor of Black Women's Equal Pay Day last July, Williams wrote an essay about the discrimination she's faced.
"Growing up, I was told I couldn't accomplish my dreams because I was a woman and, more so, because of the color of my skin," she wrote. "I have been treated unfairly, I've been disrespected by my male colleagues and — in the most painful times — I've been the subject of racist remarks on and off the tennis court."
She even included a fairly political call to action, writing: "Changing the status quo will take dedicated action, legislation, employer recognition, and courage for employees to demand more."
As an important and symbolic figure in the racial justice movement, it might feel like Williams and Ivanka would be an odd pair of friends. The first daughter is often referred to as complicit in the actions of her father, which are often called racist. While both women consider themselves to be advocates for women, they are typically looked at by the public in very different ways.
Although they probably aren't friends, it's possible that the first daughter has met Williams. In April of 2015 (two months before her father announced his candidacy), Ivanka tweeted that Williams had attended the opening of the Trump Tennis Center in Washington, D.C. to "celebrate" the occasion, and she later posted a photo of Williams with her father.
Looking At The Politics Of Guns After The Massacre In Las Vegas NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with David Brooks of The New York Times, and EJ Dionne, of The Washington Post and co-author of One Nation After Trump about guns in the U.S.
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Blessin Giraldo, Tayla Solomon and Cori Grainger
Lethal Ladies of Baltimore Leadership School for Young Women
The sound of hands clapping and slapping parts of the body. The rhythmic pounding of feet stomping the floor. The shouts from participants as they perform choreography in time to the beats they are creating.
Stepping is a powerful percussive dance to watch as usually three or more dancers use multiple military formations throughout their performance to convey the sounds.
In 2016, documentary filmmaker Amanda Lipitz began following the lives of Blessin Giraldo, Tayla Solomon and Cori Grainger, step team members of the Lethal Ladies of Baltimore Leadership School for Young Women, as they navigated school, their team's desire to win a championship and getting accepted into college. BLSYW, a college preparatory facility, aims to embolden girls in leadership, academic excellence and enrichment.
The film premiered last year to critical acclaim, winning the U.S. Documentary Special Jury Award for Inspirational Filmmaking.
If you haven't seen the movie, you might want to stop reading now. Each went on to complete their freshman year of college and are continuing to focus on their education.
Giraldo attends Coppin State University, where she is majoring in business marketing with minors in graphic design and communications, Solomon is at Alabama A&M, focusing on urban planning and a minor in political science, and Grainger attends Johns Hopkins University, where she is studying computer science and a Spanish minor.
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
LONDON : Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) chief Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday requested accountability court to postpone verdict in Avenfield reference for few days citing Kulsoom Nawaz's critical health.
He was talking to media outside Harley Street Clinic in London.
His wife has been on life-support machines for the past 21 days and underwent a medical procedure, he added. He stressed that the decision should be deferred as it won't undermine justice.
Speaking to reporters in London, the PML-N president said he would return to the country once the condition of his wife Kusloom Nawaz, who is on a ventilator at a hospital there, gets better.
Nawaz Sharif has demanded that the accountability court which is scheduled to announce its verdict in the Avenfield properties case against him on July 6 should defer it for a few days so that he could return to the country to hear it in his presence in the courtroom.
Nawaz went on to say that he would not abscond as he was not a dictator. “I faced unilateral proceedings [in the Avenfield reference]. I want to be in the courtroom to hear the verdict”, added Nawaz.
The PML-N chief warned to set an example out of those who are halting the path of masses. He said, “People are aware of revengeful proceedings being carried out against me”.
The former premier stated that he would not let down his stalwarts by displaying cowardly attitude. He added, “I will return to Pakistan even if verdict comes against me. One has to face adversities for accomplishment of the mission”.
Nawaz said he would render any sacrifice for masses' rights and sanctity of vote.
Nawaz Sharif claimed that Pakistan has been passing through worst phase in its recorded history and warned foes that masses would announce their verdict on July-25.
Sharif said he is a public representative and won't be worried, nor will he display cowardice in the face of hardships.
The accountability court on Tuesday reserved its verdict in the Avenfield reference filed against the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) supreme leader Nawaz Sharif and members of his family.
Share on: WhatsApp
Tara Clark was worried for her daughter Sienna, 6, who was struck down by the flu.
Tara Clark was worried for her daughter Sienna, 6, who was struck down by the flu. Marc Stapelberg
SEVEN stories making headlines on the Northern Rivers this week.
A woman has been bitten by a German Shepred at New Brighton Beach, North of Brunswick Heads and Byron Bay. Facebook / Yonit Plotnik
Sunday: LAST week a tourist ended up in hospital after she was attacked by a dog on the beach. Read more...
Missing woman Selena Collinson, 20. Facebook
Monday and Tuesday: IT WAS an anxious few days for friends and family when they couldn't make contact with an Ocean Shores woman. Read more...
Northern Star Photographer Jay Cronan flys from Lismore to Lennox, then to head south along the coast in the Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter to take aerial photographs of the Northern Rivers. Ballina Marina, Fishing Trawler . Photo Jay Cronan / The Northern Star Jay Cronan
Tuesday: THE approval of a marina master plan has opened up a huge opportunity to transform one of the shire's boating precincts.Read more...
An illustration of what Biohub will look like. Contributed
Wednesday: THE first crowdfunded bioHub facility is an Australian will be built on the Northern Rivers. Read more...
Wednesday: A MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR medical facility offering specialised services for the region. Read more...
Thursday: The issue of illegal camping in the Byron Shire was raised, sparking a debate as to whether tourism was killing Byron Bay. Read more...
Thursday: AFTER watching her daughter fight off a deadly strain of influenza for six days in hospital, on mum said it was a battle her six-year-old shouldn't have had to endure. Read more...
Cities Ready To Resist Trump Calls For Deportations
Audio will be available later today.
Local leaders in at least 30 states are taking a defiant stance against threats by the incoming Trump administration to deport immigrants living illegally in local communities.
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) has taken another U-turn, as it withdrew support for Nasir Khan Khosa for Punjab's caretaker chief minister.
The new name to be made public after consultation, said opposition leader in Punjab Assembly Mehmood-ur-Rasheed. The Punjab government and opposition on Monday had agreed to appoint Khosa as the province's caretaker chief minister.
Rasheed stated that announcement was made in haste. He was of the view that names of Tariq Khosa and Nasir Khosa were given to him by PTI supremo Imran Khan.
He went on to say that party had fallen prey to misunderstanding. “Ever since his nomination, Nasir Khan Khosa has become a controversial figure”, Rasheed claimed.Analyst believes that the PTI will not benefit from changing its decision rather this reflects a lack of political maturity of a party. PTI spokesperson Fawad Chaudhry said that Khosa's name was withdrawn as the candidate for Punjab's caretaker chief minister because public opinion was not in favour of the candidate.
As BP announces its investment in a developer of electric vehicle batteries with the potential to charge in five minutes, BP Magazine looks at the technology today and its potential for the future with eight, AA battery-size, facts
1. Emerging technology
Put simply, batteries store energy in chemical form and convert it into electrical energy at the push of a button. Batteries have been around in some form for hundreds of years, from heavy lead acid blocks in vehicles to the small round discs in kitchen weighing scales. So, why are they considered an emerging technology? Because we're now looking at batteries capable of being recharged thousands of times, lasting for many years and powering a two-tonne vehicle across the length of England – all of which requires capacities 100,000 times greater than the AA cell in your TV remote.
2. Innovative applications
Batteries are being used alongside other emerging technologies in areas such as robotics and renewable energy. Research is underway into how batteries can be used to store energy to balance out the intermittent output of renewable energy plants. For example, BP has launched its first battery storage project with Tesla at one of its wind farms in the US to look at how the facility's energy can be stored and then used when not being produced.
Batteries are also transforming expectations of what's possible with electric vehicles (EVs). Their use in the area of electric mobility has arisen as the world looks for lower-carbon transport solutions. Customers want fewer emissions, along with improved fuel efficiency. Battery technologies may provide the answers for both.
3. The raw materials
Around 90% of today's rechargeable battery market is based on old lead-acid technology, such as the starter batteries in conventional cars. The other 10% is dominated by lithium-ion batteries, or LiBs for short, which, at the moment, are the leading technology for use in smartphones and electric mobility. These batteries require more than just lithium, though, with other materials used in the electrodes, including cobalt, nickel and manganese.
4. Storing and releasing energy
Energy and power density are often conflated, but it's important to know the difference. Energy density is the amount of energy stored in a battery. In terms of electric mobility, the total energy that a battery can store relates directly to the range that the vehicle would have, i.e. the distance it could travel before it requires recharging. Therefore, the greater the storage capacity of the battery, the better the range of the car. Power density is how quickly that battery can release its energy. For example, an electric car travelling at a steady, low speed could consume around 10-15 kilowatts (kW) of power, but, for acceleration, it could require hundreds of kilowatts, albeit for short bursts.
5. Falling costs
Until recently, almost half the cost of an electric vehicle was taken up by building the battery itself. With advances in technology, that cost has dropped in the past three years by about two-thirds to around $200 per kilowatt-hour (kWh). For a top-end car, the battery cost drops from around $45,000 to around $15,000.
This reduction has helped to accelerate the take-up of electric mobility. And costs are expected to fall even more dramatically; BP's Technology Outlook predicts that buying, running and fuelling electric cars in Europe will become competitive with ICE (internal combustion engine)-driven models before 2050.
6. Capacity versus charging speed
Battery life remains a problem, both for smartphone users with 'phone anxiety' who want power that lasts longer than a day - and for potential electric vehicle owners with ‘range anxiety' (the fear of running out of energy mid-journey without the means to recharge). Those drivers may want to go farther than 200 miles on a charge but don't have access to home charging to top up the battery overnight. They want solutions.
Charging rates for LiB have remained stubbornly slow because of a trade-off between how much energy a battery holds and how quickly it can be charged. This means, at the moment, a battery is either designed for high capacity (energy density) that will allow the battery to last longer before recharging or, one that's optimised for a fast charging rate. [For more, see 'the experts' view' below].
7. Finding the right chemistry
Almost all four-wheel battery electric vehicles these days use LiBs. But, battery developers are playing around with the fundamentals of the technology - the cathode and the anode (between which the electric charge moves) and the electrolyte solution (that carries the charge). They are hoping to discover the right combinations that will produce greater power and energy densities and, ultimately, could be a game changer for electric mobility.
8. Fast-charging future
Fast-charging batteries could encourage more car owners to make the switch to an electric vehicle.
Start-up companies, such as BP-partner StoreDot, which is using a new type of electrolyte and nanomaterials in LiBs, could potentially provide car manufacturers with a battery that can be charged in five minutes or less.
This technology, along with accessibility to a nationwide charging network, could speed up the adoption of electric vehicles.
NY POLITICS
Conventional wisdom says that Primary victories for incumbent City Council members were tantamount to a November win in NYC. Two people disbelieve CW. Dr. Tyson-Lord Gray, a lawyer, Ph.D. and pastor, 37, will challenge District 9 City Councilman Bill Perkins on the Liberal line. Dr. Keith Taylor will host an October 6, 6-8 PM fundraiser in support of Dr. Tyson-Lord Gray's candidacy at Ponty Bistro, located at 144 West 139th Street at Seventh Avenue, Harlem. Brooklynite Christine Parker, a former Democrat-turned- Republican, will challenge incumbent Democrat Councilwoman Laurie Cumbo.
NYC/NYS power politics addicts should read Crain's NY magazine essay, “A Tale of Two de Blasios”, by Greg David, which is an anatomy of Hizzoner's first term with a breakdown of his policy hits and misses which explains his popularity, or lack thereof, with certain constituents. Columbia Professor Ester Fuchs asks: “Why Would the Mayor of the City engage in a fight with the Governor, who holds all of the structural power?” Piece covers the waterfront of NYC/NYS business.
HURRICANES: PR & USVI
Will US territories Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands be President Trump's Caribbean version of Katrina. The world's eyes are poised on the White House and its inability to provide recovery aid to Puerto Rico and the USVI during the aftermath of two Category 5 hurricanes, the worst ever regarding devastation. FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers' recovery response to those islands are inadequate, two weeks after Irma and Maria. Ships with supplies sit idled on PR docks, unable to move cargo to areas of great need.
What happened to fabled FEMA, the American disaster warrior (usually) with a capacity to navigate all manner of damaged terrain? TV networks in PR show the slow levels of PR recovery, mostly in cities. There are zero optics on the USVI – St. Croix, St. Thomas, St. John and Water Island – which is alleged to be in ruins. USVI is predominantly Black-populated? We know that almost 2000 USVI homes are without roofs since the storm and that Trump will not visit the area after his Puerto Rico tour on Tuesday. USVI Governor Kenneth Mapp will meet Trump in PR to discuss the level of devastation in his islands. Texas and Florida got rapid responses to their post-storm recovery. Why not PR and USVI? Puerto Rico is a land of 4 million people, and the combined USVI population is about 105,000. Is recovery slow because affected islands are populated by people of color?
BUSINESS NEWS
Read the Fortune magazine essay, THE BLACK CEILING: “African-American Women are Rising Through the Corporate Ranks – Just Not to CEO Jobs”, plus “Here's What It Will Take to Get Them to the Corner Office” by Ellen McGirt. Piece runs the gamut, interviewing everyone from Ursula Burns, former Xerox CEO/Chair and first Black woman to make the Fortune 500 list to Ann Marie Campbell, Home Depot EVP to Carla Harris, Morgan Stanley's Vice Chair, Wealth Management to Mellody Hobson, President of Ariel Investments, a Black-owned company….and many more. Tiffany Dufu, Chief Leadership Office of LEVO, says that Black women need mentors to help navigate “the culture of unspoken expectations”. Burns, an engineer by training, whose one job at Xerox, enthuses: “The juice lies with people who are close to the product and the money.”
The 100th Anniversary Issue of Forbes magazine is filled with essays by the 100 Greatest Business Minds, seven of which are Black who include Sean Combs; Berry Gordy, genre creator and founder of Motown Records; Patrick Motsepe, South African mining magnate, Africa's first Black billionaire; Shonda Rhimes; Russell Simmons; Robert Smith, private equity billionaire, Vista Equity Partners; and Oprah Winfrey.
According to BlackTechWeek and NerdWallet, the Top 10 Cities for Black Business in the US, in cities with more than 100,000 residents, are: 1. Memphis, Tennessee; 2) Montgomery, Alabama, which boasts the highest percentage of Black Businesses nationally; 3) Atlanta/Sandy Springs/Marietta, Georgia; 4) Washington, DC/Arlington/Alexandria, Virginia; 5) Savannah, Georgia; 6) Baton Rouge, Louisiana's petrochemical industry with the 4th-largest refinery in the USA and the 10th-largest in the world; 7) Durham, NC; 8) Baltimore, Maryland; 9) Miami/Fort Lauderdale/Pompano Beach, Florida; and 10) Richmond, Virginia, alleged birthplace of Black capitalists.
ARTS/CULTURE WORLD
The Onboard at Kingsborough, an organization located at Brooklyn's Kingsborough Community College, kicks off its 2017-2018 season on October 13 with the “Jazz at The Lighthouse” series, presenting Eddie Allen and his six-piece ensemble who will perform a swinging tribute to icon American jazz legend Louis Armstrong. Twitter: On Stage at KCC, Facebook: OnStageKingsborough.
FILM/TV: Thirty years ago, Spike Lee unspooled his independent film, SHE'S GOTTA HAVE IT (SGHI). The Netflix TV Network will revive SGHI, the multiple close encounters of Nola Darling, a Brooklyn African-American woman and her three lovers, as a TV series in 10 episodes with Lee reprising his directorial chores. The SGHI TV series begins on Thanksgiving Day.
On September 27, the Schomburg Center hosted a tribute to Sonny Rollins, tenor saxophonist/composer and jazz master, which included music by the Braxton Cook Quintet; a photo essay by John Abbott, who worked with Rollins for 25 years; and remarks by Rob Crocker of WBGO Jazz Radio. The Braxton Cook musical tribute was almost a total Rollins immersion – lots of bebop and ballads – ending the set with Rollins' beloved “St. Thomas”.
NEWSMAKERS
Lori Stokes, former WABC-TV Eyewitness News host, joins Rosanna Scotto of “Good Day New York”, Channel 5 Fox TV. She succeeds Greg Kelly, who exits show after 9 years. ……. Jeanne Parnell and friends are en route to the Middle East, to Dubai, United Arab Emirates for a 10-day vacation. ……Politics consultant Celeste Morris visits South Africa to attend the annual JOY OF JAZZ Festival in Johannesburg, celebrating its 20th Anniversary.
THE AFRICA CENTER
The Africa Center presents TOP OF THE MILE Community Day in partnership with El Museo & Museum of the City of NY on October 14 from 11 am to 6 pm at 1280 Fifth Avenue at 110th Street, Harlem. The family-friendly Community Day boasts megadoses of African culture and its Diaspora. There will be food trucks and tastings, an art and fashion installation, children's activities, African music and live performances, and a Harlem Vendors Expo.
The Africa Center was launched in 2013 as a venue which would be the epicenter of African business and culture in the USA. African-born billionaire Mo Ibrahim was associated with the new Africa Center. His daughter and Chelsea Clinton served as the organization's first co-chairs. Last year, Nigerian billionaire Alike Dangote and the Dangote Foundation took over the helm at the Africa Center. His daughter, Halima Dangote, is the Board President. [Visit Theafricacenter_communityday.com]
A Harlem-based management consultant, Victoria Horsford can be contacted at Victoria.horsford@gmail.com.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Several truck driving groups have filed a lawsuit against the Pennsylvania Turnpike and the state Department of Transportation over toll increases.
The lawsuit filed Thursday claims the increases violate federal commerce law and hinder a citizen's constitutional right to travel. The group says money collected from tolls is being used on projects unrelated to the Turnpike System.
A 6 percent increase for cash and E-ZPass went into effect in January. The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission previously said the increase was needed to meet funding and capital-improvement obligations.
The commission says it is required by law to offer $450 million in supplemental funding to PennDOT annually.
Both Turnpike and PennDOT representatives declined to comment on the lawsuit.
The plaintiffs are seeking lower toll rates and a possible refund from earlier years.
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts will induct former receiver Reggie Wayne into the team's Ring of Honor during a Nov. 18 game against Tennessee.
Wayne spent 14 seasons and played in a franchise record 211 games. He played a key role on Indy's 2006 Super Bowl championship team, made six Pro Bowl appearances and was a first-team All-Pro in 2010. He finished his career with 1,070 receptions, 14,345 yards and 82 touchdown catches — all second in franchise history.
He's 10th in league history in receptions and yards receiving.
Wayne will be the 15h inductee, joining a group that includes Bill Polian, who drafted him in 2001, coach Tony Dungy and four of Wayne's ex-teammates — Edgerrin James, Peyton Manning, Jeff Saturday and Harrison.
MAINEVILLE, Ohio – A police officer in Ohio who accidentally shocked a firefighter with a Taser has made amends with cake.
The Hamilton Township Police Department in Maineville, Ohio, outside Cincinnati, posted the story on its Facebook page on Saturday.
“Ofc. Workman was assisting our FD on an EMS call. When they arrived at the hospital an altercation ensued with the patient in the life squad,” the post read.
The police department said Workman used her Taser to subdue the person but accidentally shocked firefighter Rickey Wagoner.
So, as one does in these situations, the officer gave Wagoner a cake that said, “Sorry I tased you!”
It seemed to have smoothed things over.
CAMPBELL COUNTY, Va. - Authorities announced Wednesday afternoon that they have recovered the stolen 2002 Kio Rio.
The Campbell County Sheriff's Office is investigating another car theft in the Wards Road area.
A 2002 Kia Rio, pictured above, was stolen Tuesday at about 3 a.m. from the 8700 block of Wards Road, according to the Sheriff's Office.
The Sheriff's Office said this theft is part of a drastic increase in the number of stolen vehicles in the area.
Anyone with information about the theft is asked to contact the Campbell County Sheriff's Office at 434-332-9574 or call Crime Stoppers at 1-888-798-5900.
If you would like to assist, you can also visit the Central Virginia Crime Stoppers website, or enter a tip at http://p3tips.com or by using the P3 app on your mobile device.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Pakistan progress after Zimbabwe opener puts them in the Mire
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 56 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:48 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Pakistan bowler Mohammad Amir
Pakistan will face Australia in the tri-series final after beating Zimbabwe by seven wickets despite a record-breaking innings from Solomon Mire in Harare.
All-rounder Mire made a swashbuckling 94 from only 63 balls - the highest T20 international score by a Zimbabwe batsman - as the hosts posted 162-4 a day after Australia captain Aaron Finch put them to the sword with a world record 172.
That was not enough for Zimbabwe to stay in contention for a place in Sunday's final as Fakhar Zaman (47), Hussain Talat (44) and Sarfraz Azhmed (38 not out) chipped in to get Pakistan home with five balls to spare.
Victory for Pakistan was their second of the competition against Zimbabwe after they were beaten by Australia on Monday.
The recalled Cephas Zhuwao and Mire put on 49 for the first wicket before the former lost his leg stump to a sharp delivery from Faheem Ashraf.
Mire dominated the strike, launching Shadab Khan over long-on for six and clearing the ropes over midwicket in the same over, then giving Mohammad Nawaz the treatment to reach his half-century.
Zimbabwe were 82-1 in the 12th over when Shadab removed Hamilton Masakadza, playing his first international for two years, but Mire continued to motor, taking his tally of maximums to six before he pulled Talat to Shadab at deep midwicket in the penultimate over to miss out a on a hundred.
The recalled Mohammad Amir finished with excellent figures of 1-25 after getting rid of Tarisai Musakanda (33) in the final over and Pakistan got off to a flyer in their run chase.
Zaman set about Tendai Chisoro before Haris Sohail holed out to Mire off Masakadza to end an opening stand of 58 in the seventh over.
Mire remained in the thick of the action, sending Zaman on his way three short of his half-century, but Talat kept Pakistan ticking along and Sarfraz struck six boundaries as he and Shoaib Malik got their side over the line and into the final with a match to spare.
Our correspondent
Naushahro Feroze
The National Accountability Bureau may continue its operations but only on the federal level, not in departments of the provincial government, Sindh Chief Minister Murad Ali Shah said on Sunday. While talking to media here, Shah referred to the objections raised over NAB Ordinance 1999 Repeal Bill 2017, saying no one would have issues if the Sindh governor continues to play his constitutional role.
The chief minister added, the Federal Investigation Agency will work in the province as per its schedule. Earlier, Sindh Governor Muhammad Zubair had refused to sign the bill that calls for the NAB law to be repealed. However, Shah's statements have come a day after a senior spokesperson of NAB said the anti-graft body will continue its operations in Sindh as per the NAB Ordinance, 1999.
NAB ignored the provincial government's latest legislation barring it from working in the province. The bureau's senior spokesperson told media that NAB is not subservient to any provincial law and thus will continue its operation in Sindh.
Grammy-nominated gospel singer Kim Burrell is still entangled in backlash after airing a Facebook Live video of her sentiments about the LGBT community during a sermon. But despite her semi-apology for the statements, some of her fellow Hollywood counterparts are chiming in on Burrell's contestable remarks as well.
First came Chaka Khan, who blatantly called the sermon out for promoting hate and judgement. “It never fails that ministries promoting judgment and hate have nothing to do with the divine,” the songstress exclaimed on Twitter. “Love is for everyone!” Shortly after, Questlove not only addressed his face-palming disappointment with Burrell, but the entire Christian community's judgment on social issues. “I want Christians to focus on actually being Christ like & compassionate to their fellow man,” he said before beginning a series of tweets. “I've seen more sermonizing, coldness, hypocrisy, and utter disdain from the Christian community on every issue (justice/women's issue/lgbtq). No one likes Nagging Hall Monitor. I want to see less ‘God's Teacher's Pet' and less ‘SMH' from Christians. And more compassion. That's fair, no?” He added that the 2016 political election also emboldened such judgmental views and called out the “high-horseness of it all.”
It NEVER fails that ministries promoting judgment & hate have NOTHING 2 do with the divine. LOVE is 4 EVERYONE! #SelectiveMorality — Chaka Khan (@ChakaKhan) December 31, 2016 *facepalm* No Kim No!! — Questlove Gomez (@questlove) December 31, 2016 I want Christians to focus on actually being Christlike & compassionate to their fellow man. — Questlove Gomez (@questlove) December 31, 2016 I've seen more sermonizing, coldness, hypocrisy, & utter disdain from the Christian community on every issue (justice/women's issue/lgbtq) — Questlove Gomez (@questlove) December 31, 2016 No one likes Nagging Hall Monitor. I wanna see less "God's Teacher's Pet" & less "SMH" from christians. And more compassion. That's fair no? — Questlove Gomez (@questlove) December 31, 2016 & this isn't solely for Burrell's sermon. The entire 2016 political season I was utterly shocked & dismayed by the high horseness of it all — Questlove Gomez (@questlove) December 31, 2016
But it was Pharrell, who is slated for an appearance alongside Burrell during the Ellen show on Thursday (Dec. 5), who most had expected to hear from. And after his Twitter post that denounced Burrell's choice of rhetoric, that expectation was satisfied. “I condemn hate speech of any kind,” he proclaimed. “There is no room in this world for any kind of prejudice. My greatest hope is for inclusion and love for all humanity in 2017 and beyond.” It's worth mentioning that besides Pharrell and Burrell being guests on Ellen DeGeneres's popular television show, Ellen has been actively involved as a member of the LGBTQ community as well as happily married for eight years to her wife, Portia di Rossi.
Sharply following up his commentary, Janelle Monae reposted Pharrell's thoughts with a lengthy caption of her own. The R&B songstress has also been actively supportive of the LGBTQ community, and shared a rather impassioned reaction to Burrell's sermon. “At times I want to punch and I want to slap a lot of people when I read and hear the sh** that comes out their mouths!,” she wrote in the caption. “I will rejoice when folks stop thinking they are God, Jesus' assistant, picking and choosing what ‘sins' are acceptable in the Bible, and using the Bible as a whip!” Coming in third to Pharrell's comments and swiftly after the Electric Lady's was Octavia Spencer and Yolanda Adams, seconding their opinions on equality and God's love for all. Janelle Monae and Spencer are also costars in the highly-anticipated film, Hidden Figures, which is soundtracked by Burrell's “I See A Victory” single as well. See the collective reactions on Burrell's remarks below.
Written by Diamond Alexis
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Chairman Technical Education and Vocational Training Authority (TEVTA) Irfan Qaiser Sheikh said that friendly countries are playing crucial role in Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) reforms in Punjab.
While addressing to a delegation of German organization Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) at TEVTA Secretariat here on Friday, Irfan Qaiser Sheikh observed that number of friendly countries like Germany, Japan, Turkey are working on numerous projects across the country which is not doubt increasing the standards, quality and outcomes of TVET sector. He said that support and aid of these countries and their respective organizations are working with TEVTA in all districts of Punjab.
Chairman observed that Germany has been a good friend of our country for last many decades and is working for betterment of several sectors. Germans are much advanced in technical and vocational training than our country and they are working generously for reforms in TVET sector of the country as well Punjab, he said.
He went on saying that GIZ helped in accreditation of 40 institutions and 260 training programs were supported, recently, it has also shown interest for establishing Center of Excellence in Punjab for the provision of training of solar technology along with TEVTA. He also told the meeting that GIZ had already provided training of solar technology to 3000 students and trained 72 instructors at 32 institutions and established 24 solar labs across Punjab.
Irfan also noted that besides GIZ, other international organizations like Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and Turkish International Cooperation Agency (TIKA) are working closely with TEVTA. These both organizations had also provided several supports in the form of infrastructure and curricula support for technical and vocational education, he said.
Talking about TiKA, Irfan Qaiser explained that TIKA has upgraded 13 labs of TEVTA by providing the latest machinery with Rs 640 million. TEVTA's students of Diploma of Associate Engineering (DAE) are being benefitted with these facilities; he said adding that TIKA had also provided training to our teachers. Recently, 22 Turkish master trainers came to Pakistan and trained TEVTA's teachers in Lahore, Faisalabad and Gujrat. These master trainers trained our teachers and students in the fields of hospitality, beautician and civil engineering. He went on saying that around seven officials of TEVTA also got training in Japan a month ago.
Chairman TEVTA observed that trust of international organization is proving that TEVTA Punjab's performance is going upwards and these organizations are satisfied with performance of TEVTA in recent years. He told that now TEVTA focus more on quality of education than quantity of courses and students, which is the reason it has got remarkable success in last three years.
Protesters who interrupted a university debate speech by Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg have been condemned by MPs from across the political spectrum after the event descended into a "violent" confrontation.
A string of Labour MPs denounced a group who allegedly broke into the event at the University of the West of England (UWE) in Bristol and hurled insults at the Conservative.
Video footage posted to social media captured the scenes as Mr Rees-Mogg, who has been tipped as his party's next leader, appeared to step in to separate rivals as onlookers call for them stop.
According to one witness the MP was "pushed and shoved" as a tussle broke out and police are probing the incident.
Mr Rees-Mogg said he chose to engage with the protesters because he "knew they weren't going to hit me".
"There were three hundred people here who wanted to engage in a serious debate and discussion, there were four or five people who wanted to shout - but they only wanted to shout," he told the BBC.
"They weren't physically threatening. A little bit of shouting doesn't do anybody any harm... I take a very relaxed view of it."
Brendan Cox, whose wife Jo, Labour MP for Batley and Spen, was murdered by a right-wing extremist in 2016, said the incident was "absolutely disgraceful", adding: "Those who try & deny elected representatives the chance to speak attack democracy itself."
Universities Minister Sam Gyimah branded the protesters' behaviour "thuggish", tweeting: "Free speech under the law is fundamental to our democracy. Well done @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for not being cowed into silence."
Shadow education secretary Angela Rayner said she "utterly" condemned the "behaviour of those tonight who tried to attack (Mr Rees-Mogg) whilst he was due to speak at an event he was invited to".
"It's extremely intimidating for any MP who travels alone to an event to be treated like this," she said.
Labour's Yvette Cooper, chair of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee tweeted: "This is appalling. No excuse for violence & aggression like this."
The party's MP for Bristol North West, Darren Jones, tweeted: "I'm deeply proud of Bristol and often deeply disagree with Jacob. But a small minority let down Bristol and our democracy tonight."
Jo Swinson, deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats, said she was "appalled" by Mr Rees-Mogg's treatment, tweeting: "Deeply worrying to see violent tactics by political opponents."
UWE Bristol said it was "absolutely appalled" by the group's actions.
The MP said he did not feel in danger, adding: "If I felt threatened I wouldn't have gone up to talk to them. They're British, they weren't going to do me any harm. They disagree with me, they disapprove of everything I stand for, but they are good, honest British citizens. They weren't going to hit me."
He told the Daily Telegraph the protesters shouted "no platform for Tory scum and other insults", although he chose to engage with the group "to stop anyone being hit because the whole thing would have degenerated".
UWE Bristol said it was believed a small group of protesters, who were not students at the university and did not have tickets to the event, broke into the lecture theatre through the back doors, before police and security were called.
The university's Politics and International Relations Society, which organised the debate, said it was "sorry the event was overshadowed by the actions of a few non-students", adding: "It detracts from the great attitude that UWE students have towards debate and challenging political opinions."
Mr Rees-Mogg went ahead with his speech and was escorted back to his car after the event finished, a university spokesman said.
"We support the democratic right of free speech and peaceful protest. However, we strongly condemn the actions of protesters who disrupted normal debate and behaved in this way," the university said.
BBC Somerset reporter James Craig said Mr Rees-Mogg tried to "talk the protesters down".
"But at that point various other members of the audience got involved as well and that's when this scuffle... happened and a lot of people got involved," he told the broadcaster.
"It looked to me like Jacob Rees-Mogg himself got pushed and shoved, although he insists he wasn't."
Avon and Somerset Police appealed for anyone to come forward with mobile phone footage to help the inquiry.
The force said in a statement: "We were called to the University of the West of England's Frenchay campus at about 6.30pm today following a report of a public order incident.
"No arrests were made and an investigation is under way to see if any criminal offences were committed."
A family in Michigan says a recent emergency room visit turned into a very nasty ordeal.
They were with a relative who was receiving treatment and discovered dried blood in the patient's room. The family is concerned in part because their relative had blood drawn in the same room.
“Um... disgusting I grabbed my phone and started taking pictures,” Mary Decker said.
The Deckers said they noticed drips of blood on her pulse ox machine and the trails of dark, red dots led them to more.
"It was disgusting. There was blood on the railing [and] drips of blood on the bottom of the bed. We go around and we're like ' oh my gosh ' splattered blood everywhere,” Steffani Decker said.
Dried blood wasn't the only hospital headache for the family.
"It's just like a movie,” Steffani Decker said.
Mary Decker said she got two pictures before security stormed in and told her she could not take pictures due to hospital policy.
Eager to get proof of the unresolved issue, she fired off three more.
This time the family said three security guards showed up demanding she let them delete the evidence or they'd kick her out.
"The three security guards gloved and said they were physically going to put their hands on us and remove us,” Mary Decker said.
Officials at Spectrum Butterworth Hospital in Grand Rapids said the situation is extremely uncommon, calling this a "needle in a haystack."
A statement issued read in part "once aware of this matter, we immediately moved the patient to a different room, and in speaking with Ms. Decker we had the opportunity to express our regret."
It later said "when standards are not met, we work to promptly address and correct the matter."
As for the family's accusation that security attempted to kick them out, hospital officials said they would never do that.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex Cha, 48, is lowered to his bed by his mom, Jeong Cha, 78, and guided by his sister, Jin Cha, at their north London condominium on Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola believes Raheem Sterling can handle the Premier League's hate brigade.
He insists Sterling is strong enough to deal with the taunts of rival supporters ahead of Saturday's return to Burnley for the first top flight game of the weekend.
When he lasts played at Turf Moor, 15 months ago, Manchester City's England star was goaded with chants of, “You've let your country down” over his role in their Euro 2016 failure.
The abuse appeared to get to Sterling, who was anonymous ­on the day before being forced off injured ­following a tackle by Ben Mee — to the delight of the Clarets fans.
(Image: Getty)
Sterling also seemed cowed when targeted by Liverpool fans at Anfield during last month's 4-3 ­defeat, and he has yet to play well away to his former club.
But Guardiola rejected any ­suggestion the 23-year-old is not mentally tough enough and pointed to his overall return of 19 goals and six ­assists, which show he is enjoying his best season.
“I don't remember Burnley last time,” said the City boss. “At Anfield I can understand, he was there [as a Liverpool player] and ­sometimes emotional things come out.
(Image: PA Wire)
“He's young and I think he's shown amazing things at ­difficult stages this season, playing at a good level home and away.
“I don't think he's a guy who is scared to take responsibility, I think he showed many, many good things this season in those terms.”
Guardiola played down Sterling's ­disappointing display at Burnley last time.
“No, I don't think too much about that,” he said. “Burnley away is a complicated game — and every away game is complicated.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“But I haven't considered that. Every player can play not good, it's not a problem.”
Sterling accepts the abuse from Liverpool fans, but is baffled by the hostility he encounters at other clubs.
“The Liverpool one I understand,” he told talkSPORT. “I'm a player that came through there and they were massive for me. I just felt at the time it was the right thing, they see it ­different.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“When I go to other grounds, I get booed and I think, ‘Why are you lot getting involved?' Sometimes you see it as a laugh and I don't take it seriously.
“Like Cardiff [in the FA Cup last weekend], it's a bit weird and they're trying to get me off my game, to think negative. It doesn't faze me any more.”
Guardiola wants one last effort from his battered and weary players before the rare luxury of three days off.
He has not put any restrictions on what they do with that free time, even though Sergio Aguero broke a rib in a taxi crash after flying to Amsterdam to attend a gig in September.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“They can travel, do whatever they want,” he said.
“For three days they have to forget a little about football.
“We need a break. Not just the players, but the staff, the ­physios, everybody. It was a tough, tough period in winter.”
Beat distraction for good.
May 30, 2018 8 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
In today's microwave society—where more data is created in one year than the last 5,000 years—it's a herculean task to stay focused. Getting distracted may seem innocuous, but the consequences are disastrous over time: lost productivity, falling revenues, and a gnawing ever-present sense of missed opportunities.
These overachievers and members of The Oracles share their strategies to sharpen your focus, prolong your concentration, and beat distractions once and for all.
Image Credit: The Oracles
1. Think about urgency and regret.
You never know when your last day will be, so live from a place of urgency to usher your ideas and dreams into reality. Don't wait for it to be your last day and regret that you didn't create something meaningful.
Get clear on precisely what you want, then move past any doubts or fears through massive, urgent action. Doing this is a mental game for me: I keep score on how well I've done each day. —Lewis Howes, former pro athlete, lifestyle entrepreneur and NYT-bestselling author; subscribe to Lewis's global top-100 podcast phenomenon, The School of Greatness on iTunes!
Image Credit: The Oracles
2. Bunker down in a secret location.
As a business leader, the demands on my time in the office are immense. No matter my determination to do deep, focused work, I ultimately get interrupted or find myself eagerly solving the problem.
Organizations tend to defer decisions to the leader who's in the vicinity and “on the clock.” So, my number one tactic for radical focus is spending one to two days a week out of the office, in a “secret location.” There, I get important thinking, writing, and other creative work done with zero distractions.
To maximize productivity, I mentally prepare for deep work with a focusing ritual that includes deep breathing and visualizing my desired end state. I chunk my work into 45-minute blocks and do some movement and yoga between those deep work sets.
Concentration and focus must be trained. By designating special time and space to do focused work, you'll train your brain to do it better. —Mark Divine, retired U.S. Navy SEAL commander, NYT/WSJ bestselling author, founder of SEALFIT and Unbeatable Mind; follow SEALFIT on YouTube, Facebook, or Instagram
Image Credit: The Oracles
3. Ask if it's a ‘heck-yes' opportunity.
Here's the trap: The more successful you become, the more shiny opportunities offer themselves to you. These opportunities may be great, but not great for you right now. A great opportunity at the wrong time is just a distraction.
Always ask yourself, “Is this a heck-yes opportunity—right now?” Otherwise, default it automatically to "no." This question keeps you out of the “grey area” where good opportunities become stressful commitments.
If you don't have the willpower to say “no” to shiny distractions, form an “advisory board” consisting of two to three friends who know you well, understand your goals, and have a good business mind. Run every opportunity through them for input. This tactic also makes saying “no” easier—you just blame the decision on your “advisory board.” —Chris Harder, philanthropist, coach, founder, and CEO of For the Love of Money; follow Chris on Instagram
Image Credit: The Oracles
4. Resist ‘doing it all.'
Remove everything from your life that's unnecessary or simply a diversion. You'll be left with a bunch of worthwhile things to accomplish. Now, here's where most entrepreneurs mess up: They attack everything at once. Soon, they're overwhelmed from juggling too many things and feel guilty for not giving adequate focus to anything.
The simple cure? Have a top-priority item. (I use the Todoist app and keep a running list of my highest priority targets.) Pick only one thing, the most important thing to accomplish—even if it's difficult or daunting. Stay focused until you check it off. Then move to the next. —Kenny Rueter, co-founder of Kajabi
Image Credit: The Oracles
5. Find something to obsess about.
When you find something you love, focus comes naturally. When I started as a civil litigation lawyer, I excelled but hated it. Meanwhile, when friends of friends got into trouble with the law, they insisted I represent them—even though I had no criminal defense experience. I did a great job on each case because I was obsessed with the outcome and cared about my client's life.
However, my partner at the time didn't want me to pursue criminal defense, so I begrudgingly stayed in the civil field. Fortunately, I had another obsession: writing. I wrote kids' yoga books and about my experiences with cars and racing. I simply wrote because I was obsessed with it, which compensated for my professional discontent.
Finally, when I started criminal defense full time in 2014, it became difficult to not focus on my cases. Colleagues and mentors said I cared too much about my clients and their cases. Then I came across the Gerry Spence Trial Lawyers College, which advocates this approach. My career has been a beautiful obsession since. —Nafisé Nina Hodjat, founder and managing attorney of The SLS Firm
Image Credit: The Oracles
6. Create a five-step customized strategy.
Every entrepreneur's methods for staying laser-focused is unique. I've incorporated these strategies for optimal performance.
First, make stress your friend. Stress is not your enemy; it's a valuable tool if you harness its force. Your mental faculties are heightened when you're pushed against a tough problem or deadline.
Second, develop a morning routine. Make it a habit to get up an hour earlier. Start your day with breathing exercises and meditation. Don't allow the digital world to control the first hour of your day.
Third, break your work into 90-minute blocks. Forget the standard 9-to-5 mentality. Learn your body's natural ultradian rhythms, and then schedule your most important and productive work in time blocks. Take 25-minute breaks at the end of each block.
Four, create recharging rituals for your body, emotions, and mind. A body ritual might be a brisk walk. An emotional ritual might be gratitude. A mental ritual might be turning off your phone.
Lastly, optimize your sleep. Sleep isn't a necessary evil or distraction from work; it's a vital, natural way to recharge. The standard “eight hours per night” is more of a guideline; I sleep six hours per day with a siesta power nap. This biphasic sleep pattern (six hours plus 25 minutes) is my ideal sweet spot. —Nik Halik, angel investor, entrepreneur, astronaut, extreme adventurer, CEO of 5 Day Weekend; follow Nik on social media
Image Credit: The Oracles
7. Don't chase two rabbits.
“The man who chases two rabbits catches neither.” — Chinese Proverb
Whatever you're working on, be fully there. Otherwise, you'll find yourself at home thinking about work, and at work thinking about home. You'll work on the company's vision, then feel like you're neglecting the daily operations. You'll be entrenched in the operations, then feel like you're missing out on the newest “flavor of the month” to scale your business.
It's not that you can't multitask or that these tasks are mutually exclusive. You can excel in many things—just not simultaneously. The best way I focus is scheduling my areas of focus directly on my calendar. I schedule the time to work out, be with family, think, read, answer emails, and just be free. This may seem rigid. Ironically, this kind of structure actually creates greater freedom. — Tom Shieh, CEO of Crimcheck; connect with Tom on Facebook
Image Credit: The Oracles
8. Create a fierce focus culture.
“You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.” — Mark Twain
In a world that follows the pack, if you want to build something special, fierce focus is not just what you do—it's how your entire organization must think. This is the only way to avoid the trap of caving into the norm and losing the essence of your core difference.
Fierce focus is only achieved across an organization when each person understands their purpose in the organization and then sets clearly defined, measurable goals to achieve that purpose.
Every new idea or opportunity must be forced through that intense “focus filter.” If the project doesn't contribute to your purpose, you simply shouldn't do it. —Peter Hernandez, president of The Western Region at Douglas Elliman; founder and president of Teles Properties
Want to share your insights like those above in a future column? If you're an experienced entrepreneur, please get in touch here.
Want to suggest a future topic for these entrepreneurs to answer? Email suggestion@theoracles.com, and it's very possible we'll make your suggestion the focus of a future article!
Follow The Oracles on Facebook.
WILMINGTON – CMH Regional Health System is asking donors to help “Build a Better Summer Blood Supply” by supporting their monthly community blood drive Wednesday, July 11 from noon to 6:30 p.m. in the conference room next to the hospital cafeteria, 610 W. Main St., Wilmington.
Donors are encouraged to schedule an appointment online at www.DonorTime.com or call 1-800-388-GIVE.
Everyone who registers to donate will receive the patriotic “Earn Your Stars and Stripes — Donate Blood” t-shirt. Everyone 18 and older will be automatically entered in the Community Blood Center “Build a Better Blood Supply Summer Blood Drive” drawing to win a $5,000 home improvement gift card.
The new monthly CMH Regional Health blood drive schedule began in June. It maintains the traditional schedule of every second Wednesday of the month. It also continues to include apheresis for platelet and plasma donations.
Donors can park in the visitors' parking lot and enter through the main entrance on the lower level.
Welcome desk volunteers can direct you to the conference room on the first floor.
Learn more at www.GivingBlood.org.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/07/web1_CMH.jpg
ROTHERHAM UNITED lost after taking the lead against promotion-chasing Reading, but manager Paul Warne paid tribute to their efforts.
“Reading have strengths throughout the pitch, but, when we got the ball, we tried to be as economical with it as we could,” Warne said.
“We tried to keep it and cause Reading problems. To go in 1-0 up at half-time was a good thing. I thought that if we could ride the first 20 minutes of the second half, we might be able to get a positive result. Then (Lewis) Grabban comes on and scores a worldie and Reading put a lot of pressure on us.
“The ways the lads are playing, considering their season is as good as over, they're not giving up. I've got a lot of respect for that.”
Rotherham, had begun brightly and went ahead in the 19th minute when Tom Adeyemi poked home from close range.
But Reading improved markedly after the interval .
Considering their season is as good as over, they're not giving up. I've got a lot of respect for that. Rotherham manager, Paul Warne
Jaap Staam's side ultimately secured victory thanks to substitute Lewis Grabban's fierce volley and a tap-in from John Swift.
Reading: Al Habsi, Gunter, Moore, Blackett, Obita, Swift, Williams, Meite (Kelly 46), Beerens (Grabban 65), McCleary (Popa 90), Kermorgant. Unused substitutes: Evans, Tiago Ilori, Jaakkola, Oxford.
Rotherham United: O'Donnell, Fisher (Clarke-Harris 74), Ajayi, Wood, Mattock, Smallwood, Taylor, Adeyemi (Yates 83), Vaulks, Ward, Morris (Newell 58). Unused substitutes: Belaid, Bray, Purrington, Bilboe.
Referee: Chris Kavanagh (Lancashire).
As per the agreement, the metro company can now raise funds through development on the land acquired from the local civic body, the government and the semi-government organisations. The Cabinet also put up the condition that the project cost would be met from the escrow accounts of Pune and Nagpur.... expressindia 3:27:00 AM CEST
Molly Goodbun was shot outside her former marital home. Picture: Peter Lorimer
Molly Goodbun was shot outside her former marital home. Picture: Peter Lorimer
A NSW man has been jailed for at least 31 years and one month after he shot dead his estranged wife in front of his daughter in a "chilling and deeply shocking" crime.
Keith Owen Goodbun last year pleaded guilty to murdering 59-year-old Molly Goodbun, assaulting his daughter, contravening an apprehended violence order and using an unregistered firearm in Maitland in 2016.
Keith Goodbun's daughter tried to stop him from shooting her mother. Picture: Peter Lorimer.
In the NSW Supreme Court today, Justice Helen Wilson sentenced the 62-year-old to 41 years and six months in prison with a non-parole period 31 years and one month.
"The murder of Molly Goodbun was a chilling and deeply-shocking crime," the judge said.
"It may, without hyperbole, be described as an execution.
"It was clearly his intention that nothing would stop him from murdering his wife."
Justice Helen Wilson described the shooting as an “execution”. Picture: Peter Lorimer.
Goodbun shot his estranged wife four times after he arrived at their former marital house in the early hours of October 7, 2016, despite efforts by their adult daughter to intervene.
Bionca Simmons tried to wrestle away her father's gun and provide first aid to her fatally wounded mother, asking her to "just stay with me till we get help here".
She ran to a neighbour's place when Goodbun told her to "get the f*** out of here or you're next, you're lucky I haven't done it already".
Goodbun will be 91 when he's eligible for parole.
ISLAMABAD : The army said a suicide bomber martyred at least three soldiers and injured seven others in Swat Saturday evening.
“A suicide attack on army unit sports area at Kabal, Swat. Three security officials embraced ‘shahadat' (martyrdom) while seven injured,” an army statement said.
The outlawed Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) claimed responsibility for the attack.
Security forces had cleared Swat valley in Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa of the Taliban militants in a major operation in 2009. Earlier the TTP militants had strong influence in most parts of Swat, including Mingora, the main city in the valley.
The military had killed and arrested many Taliban leaders during the operation and peace has returned to the area. However, militants who sneak into the area, carry out target attacks on the security personnel, police, government officials and politicians.
The chief of TTP Maulvi Fazalullah belongs to Swat, who officials say, had fled to neighboring Afghanistan after the operation. Fazalullah appeared in a video of suicide bombers who had attacked an agriculture training center in Peshawar on December 1.
Orignally published by NNI
How The Job Of The U.S. President Has Changed Over Decades NPR's Ari Shapiro talks with contributing editor to The Atlantic, John Dickerson, about his new piece "The Hardest Job in the World," that looks at the job of the country's president.
Montreal was the hot Canadian real estate market for Chinese nationals last year as interest slipped in Toronto and Vancouver following the introduction of foreign buyers taxes, says a report from a website for buyers of overseas properties. Juwai.com said Chinese buyers inquired about US$1.45 billion worth of Canadian properties in 2017.
A website for buyers of overseas properties says Chinese nationals enquired about US$1.45 billion worth of Canadian properties last year with interest in Toronto and Vancouver slipping following the introduction of foreign buyers taxes. ( Jonathan Hayward / The Canadian Press file photo )
Interest in Montreal grew by 84.5 per cent in 2017 and 43.3 per cent a year earlier. Consideration of properties in Toronto dropped by 25 per cent in 2017 after nearly doubling between 2015 and 2016. Vancouver inquiries fell 18 per cent last year after growing by 9.3 per cent the previous year.
Article Continued Below
Metro Vancouver has had a 15 per cent tax on foreign home purchasers since 2016. The new provincial government hiked the levy to 20 per cent and imposed it in the Victoria and Nanaimo areas, as well as the Fraser Valley and central Okanagan. A 15 per cent tax was imposed in the Greater Golden Horseshoe area — stretching from the Niagara Region to Peterborough — on buyers who are not citizens, permanent residents or Canadian corporations. In the first month after the tax was imposed in late April, foreign buyers made up 4.7 per cent of home sales in the region, according to Statistics Canada. A separate report says no additional foreign buyers taxes are expected to be imposed in Canada and Australia this year, and New Zealand is the only major investment destination considering one this year. Chinese were unfairly blamed for property price increases, the report's authors said, pointing to data that suggested other factors were at play, including historically low interest rates and population growth, said Juwai. “After retreating from an exuberant peak in 2016 of US$101.1 billion, Chinese international real estate investment again appears to be on a growth path, although more steady and restrained that what we saw in that golden year,” stated Juwai's Foreign Buyer Restrictions Report 2018-19.
Realtor Mike Donia of Re/Max Realty, who specializes in Asian buyers, says he has not seen any waning interest in Toronto real estate. “I'm still getting the same amount of calls, the same amount of leads. In fact, even more,” he said in an interview, adding that interest is growing because of anti-Trump sentiment.
Article Continued Below
The foreign buyers tax had an initial impact on “mom and pop” buyers, but most Chinese will just purchase through a corporation to bypass the penalty, Donia added. More than half of Chinese buyers considering Canada were motivated to invest for their own use, nearly 26 per cent for investment and 17 per cent for education, said Juwai. Chinese parents often buy properties for their children studying overseas. Canada is a top education destination for Chinese students, hitting a record 138,467 in 2017 or 28 per cent of the international student population, said the report. More than 40 per cent of wealthy Chinese buy property abroad to live in. Six in 10 intend to buy overseas properties over the next three years. Canada is the second most popular emigration destination for high net-worth Chinese, with 64 per cent having already migrated or planning to move overseas. Nearly ninety per cent of Chinese interest came from 153 cities in China, led by Beijing and Shanghai. Almost seven per cent lived in Canada. Ontario attracted the most interest with inquiries for US$500 million worth of properties. The top four cities were Toronto, Ottawa, Waterloo and London. It was followed by British Columbia at US$328 million with Vancouver leading, followed by Victoria, Richmond and Kelowna. Quebec attracted views of US$112 million of properties. The largest interest was in Montreal and then Lachenaie northeast of Montreal, Laval and Westmount. Inquiries in Alberta increased almost nine per cent last year, worth US$56 million, after increasing by 223 per cent in 2016. The most viewed property listing was a Vancouver mansion listed at C$18.8 million, with other property listings ranging in price as low as C$500,000.
Read more about:
ISLAMABAD : Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has said that greater cooperation between Pakistan and C-4 countries in the area of cotton production and value addition would be mutually beneficial for all the parties.
The observation was made by the Prime Minister while receiving a high-level delegation comprising of ambassadors of C-4 Countries (Benin, Burkina Faso, Chad and Mali) here at the PM Office on Monday.
The delegation included Mr Eloi Laourou, Permanent Representative /Ambassador, Permanent Mission of Benin; Mr Dieudonne Windewouga Desire Sougouri, PR/Ambassador Permanent Mission of Bukina Faso; Mr. Mamadou Konate, PR/Ambassador Permanent Mission of Mali, Mrs. Ngarbatoninan Solalta Marie, First Counselor, Charge d' Affairs Mission of Chad and others.
Sikandar Hayat Bosan, Minister for National Food Security, Dr. Syed Tauqir Shah, Ambassador/PR Permanent Mission of Pakistan to the WTO and senior officials were also present during the meeting.
The Prime Minister assured government's full support for putting in place a mechanism for enhanced cooperation in cotton production, disease management, value addition and mutual sharing of expertise and research in the sector.
C-4 countries provide 3% of the world cotton production and 8% of world cotton export.
Pakistan and C-4 countries share many similarities in cotton production.
The visit of the delegation was aimed at promoting mutual cooperation and putting in place a robust framework for exchange of expertise and knowledge to cope with the challenges of climate change, enhancement of cotton production and productivity, pest and disease management and improvement of crop varieties and production technologies.
Minister for National Food Security, presented an overview of the cotton crop production in the country and its contribution towards national economy.
Orignally published by INP
5 Spanish players who may play key roles under Julen Lopetegui at Real Madrid
Omene Osuya FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 1.21K // 05 Jul 2018, 00:02 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lopetegui looks set to bring a Spanish evolution to Madrid
After the endless stream of drama that had affected Los Merengues following the dramatic resignation of former manager Zinedine Zidane, things are beginning to calm down at the Santiago Bernabeu.
A club that should still be basking in the afterglow of winning its 3rd UEFA Champions League title in successive seasons and 13th overall has been on the news for reasons other than footballing excellence since the season ended.
The approach to Lopetegui and his subsequent sacking by the Spanish Football Federation, 2 days before the World Cup started to cast a pall over the appointment of the 51-year-old tactician as Real's new manager. Spain is now out of the Mundial after a dull and terrible-to-watch campaign that culminated in a penalty shootout loss to hosts Russia.
Lopetegui's time as the coach of Spain's U-21 squad has made him intimately aware of the potential of a lot of Real Madrid's Spanish contingent. A lot of them are expected to play key roles under his reign.
Here are 5 of the Spanish stars who would be key for Los Merengues under Lopetegui's reign:
#5 Marcos Llorente
Llorente could get more minutes under Lopetegui
One of the more prominent graduates of La Fabrica in recent years, the youngster would have been one of the happiest players when Zidane shocked the world by announcing his exit after the UCL final.
An excellent defensive midfielder, Llorente had endured a frustrating time under the Frenchman as he only played 561 minutes last season despite the problems the team had last season.
The frustration for the 23-year-old would have been even more given the fact that he had a stellar season while on loan at Deportivo Alaves in the 2016-17 La Liga season.
Lopetegui is a manager who is renowned for giving youth a chance and will surely give Llorente the minutes he needs to show what he can do. It is expected that he will share defensive midfield duties with Carlos Casemiro and depending on how he performs, may even supplant him.
Lopetegui is a tactical manager who likes trying different solutions to various problems, as a result, a versatile player like Llorente could find himself playing in various roles. It would be up to him to take advantage of the opportunity offered.
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
EVER caught yourself "giving 110 per cent" or "thinking outside the box"?
If so, you might be making your co-workers cringe.
New research suggests that seven in 10 workers are guilty of using the most cringe-worthy phrases at the office - with "give 110 per cent" the leading offender.
The study, conducted by OnePoll in conjunction with a company called Jive Communications, looked at the communication behaviours of 2000 American workers and compiled a list of the 40 most cringe-worthy office phrases.
And if you have ever "hammered it out" or "circled back" then you probably had many a co-worker roll their eyes after a conversation with you.
Ever stood at the water cooler and stumbled into a conversation between two colleagues? Then you've probably heard some uttering awkward phrases like "let's ballpark this" and "run this up the flagpole".
What about "synergy"? Ranked at 13, this is a word that many people at the office can't stand to hear.
While we've all gone "back to the drawing board", 27 per cent of workers can't help but shut down and stop listening when anyone feels the need to use that phrase at the office.
According to 72 per cent of workers, these annoying words and phrases are used out of habit.
However, that doesn't mean that there aren't token office jokesters who use cringe-worthy phrases at work to test their workmates.
In fact, 29 per cent of employees uses these phrases for this exact reason, while 22 per cent use them for assimilation purposes.
"We've all been guilty of using these phrases, whether out of habit or not," senior vice president of Jive Communications John Pope said.
"While many of these phrases are helpful in conveying a message, I think this study will open a lot of people's eyes.
"It will help many of us to think twice about overusing phrases in the office, as well as the best way to communicate with or motivate those we work with."
And even though six out of 10 people can't even understand some of these annoying phrases, it doesn't seem like this trend is going to be ending any time soon.
As a result, while you may not understand what someone means when they say "blue-sky thinking" or "boil the ocean", you might just have to get used to hearing these phrases more often than not.
"These phrases definitely aren't going anywhere anytime soon," Mr Pope said.
"There's a reason they're so well-known and exercised within office spaces. However, overuse has diluted the meaning of many phrases.
"If you're constantly told to give a project '110 per cent', over time it will lose its power and effect. Our goal should be to use such jargon sparingly, and when the moment calls for it."
The Top 40 most cringe-worthy phrases:
1. Give 110 per cent
2. Think outside the box
3. Hammer it out
4. Heavy lifting
5. Throw them under the bus
6. Don't count your chickens before they've hatched
7. Pushing the envelope
8. Let the cat out of the bag
9. Let's circle back
10. Win-win situation
11. Blue-sky thinking
12. Boil the ocean
13. Synergy
14. Low-hanging fruit
15. Take it to the next level
16. Barking up the wrong tree
17. Going forward
18. Let's ballpark this
19. Run this up the flagpole
20. Back to square one
21. There's no I in team
22. Back to the drawing board
23. Paradigm shift
24. Elephant in the room
25. Raise the bar
26. Drill down
27. Best thing since sliced bread
28. Deep dive
29. Skin in the game
30. Reach out
31. Touch base
32. Play hardball
33. Don't reinvent the wheel
34. Kept in the loop
35. The bottom line
36. Down the road
37. I'll loop you in
38. Hit the nail on the head
39. ASAP
40. Team player
This story originally appeared on Fox News and was reproduced with permission.
President Trump's re-election campaign released a new TV ad which criticizes the president's “enemies” for not wanting him to succeed. The ad focuses on journalists and includes several Democratic lawmakers: Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer and Elizabeth Warren.
CNN: “The Trump campaign did not respond Sunday to requests for more details on the ad, including when and where it will run and how much it cost.”
BUSINESS
The government said Monday that it will expand a second startup complex near Seoul in a bid to further boost promising local startups and attract foreign companies.
The "2nd Techno Valley" in Pangyo, just south of Seoul, is designed to nurture some 1,400 startups, offering workspace and consulting services for funding at cheap prices, according to the finance ministry.
Pangyo -- South Korea's answer to Silicon Valley in the US -- is already home to many technology companies, including NCsoft Corp., a leading game developer.
First Launched in 2011, the country's 661,000-square-meter startups complex supported 70,577 employees in 2015.
Preliminary layout of the 2nd Pangyo Techno Valley (Yonhap)
The second Pangyo Techno Vally will nestle on a 440,000-square-meter lot with its construction to be finished by 2022.Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said the country's every sector and every company needs innovation to tide over cutthroat competition."The finance ministry will take a set of support measures, including a new tax system and budget, to help nurture startups and lead innovative efforts," Kim said at an economy-related minister meeting in Pangyo.The government wants the new startups complex to create new value and jobs through innovation, instead of having employees competing against each other over existing jobs.Many South Korean university graduates, however, still opt to join Samsung, Hyundai and other big-name conglomerates rather than taking risks and starting their own businesses, mainly because failure carries harsh social stigma and makes it hard for a person to rebound and move on.The South Korean version of Silicon Valley crossed the 70 trillion won (US$60.4 billion) line in gross sales for the first time in 2015.The number of companies operating at Pangyo Techno Valley reached 1,121 as of the end of 2015, up 119 firms or 11.9 percent on-year. Their total sales recorded 70.27 trillion won, also up 1.3 percent from a year before, according to the Gyeonggi Institute of Science and Technology Promotion report. (Yonhap)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darrell Clarke says he believes there is a "bit of realism" surrounding Bristol Rovers at the moment.
The 39-year-old manager has spoken out over the last month as he's looked to curb expectations from fans about the level the club should be competing at.
Clarke has repeatedly pointed out that Rovers are towards the bottom of League One in terms of both finances and infrastructure and even went as far as to call Rovers "30 years behind the times" and urged the club to pay better salaries or risk losing their best players.
But following the victory against Southend United - a second home win in eight days - Clarke was happier with the mentality surrounding the club.
"There is a bit of realism around the place now. I think I needed to say what I needed to say over the last three or four weeks to put a bit of perspective into play," explained Clarke.
"We are a squad of players that need to overachieve to get anywhere near the top six. That's where we are, but certainly when we put in performances like that I think we're a good watch as well, so it's really pleasing."
The back-to-back wins at the Memorial Stadium maintain Rovers' remarkable home record during the second half of recent seasons. At home, from December to the end of the season in the past four campaigns, the Gas have now lost just two of 40 home games.
"I'm really pleased with the performance, it was a very good home performance," said Clarke.
"Our home form is holding nicely, we need to grind out a few more draws and wins away from home though to keep kicking up the table."
Before the two recent wins, Rovers suffered a spell of nine defeats in 10 matches and Clarke is keen that his side does not forget the tough spells they have endured.
"You've got to remember the bad times, and make sure you don't go on a run like that again," said the Rovers boss.
"But it's difficult with this league, you have no right to win any games in League One. You have to earn the right and we've certainly done that in the last two games."
Clarke made just one personnel change for the Southend win, as he brought in Rory Gaffney for Ollie Clarke. Gaffney operated as part of a three-pronged Rovers attack with Billy Bodin and Ellis Harrison.
With Harrison and Gaffney working hard to chase balls and win knock downs to create space for Bodin, Rovers ran the Shrimpers defence ragged.
"We wanted to put their two centre-halves - two very experienced players - under a bit of pressure, which we did," explained Clarke.
"I thought the front two worked their backline well and were both very strong."
Rovers now have the perfect opportunity to pick up their away form as they travel to Kent to take on Gillingham on a high having picked up back-to-back wins for the first time since in over two months.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Poker Lotto' game
DETROIT (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Michigan Lottery's "Poker Lotto" game were:
KS-2C-7H-9H-5S
(KS, 2C, 7H, 9H, 5S)
Spartanburg, SC – MeKayla Gist, 17, also known as the “Queen Warrior” can light up even the dimmest hospital room with her positive personality.
“For months of her having pain and limping, I just knew something was wrong, it was hard to see her going through her pain,” MeKayla's mother said. “So I decided to take her to an orthopedic surgeon. And he looked at her knee and did some tests and x-rays,” Jermeca Jackson said.
Doctors found MeKayla had a form of cancer, osteosarcoma in her left knee. She was diagnosed with cancer at the age of just 15-years-old, going through countless chemotherapy sessions, but with another large hurdle in the forefront.
“Then through all of that, we ended up having to amputate her leg to save her life,” Jackson said. MeKayla pushed through cancer-free for about a year.
“We found out in February this year 2017, that she had a relapse of osteosarcoma on her right hip.”
MeKayla needed an immediate surgery and wound up back at Spartanburg Regional.
There's a reason she's called a warrior and a queen, however. She wins every time, and inspires other kids while she's at it.
“They can still be the homecoming queen, they can still get straight A's, they can still do whatever they want to do with the help from others,” Gist said.
She's managed to put a check mark by a big list of things in her lifetime, with a smile on her face. But one thing she hasn't done is go to prom.
When her high school class at Chapman High School, heard about MeKayla's ongoing battle, they knew they needed to bring the party to her.
Students lined up to surprise her at the hospital in the lobby, and in a beautiful blue gown, MeKayla was named Prom Queen.
“She's one of the strongest people you'll ever meet,” said a friend of MeKayla. “You don't meet someone that strong in a lifetime, and we knew if anyone deserved the crown, it was definitely her.”
“She really has a lot of determination and she's not going to let anything stop her,” Jackson said.
There will be a benefit at Chapman High School on April 29 in honor of MeKayla and a GoFund Me Page has been set up as well.
By Shale Remien, WHNS
Employees of Worcester's police department are some of the highest paid individuals who work for the city, taking home collectively more than $4 million in overtime pay, and with some officers making more in detail pay than their base pay.
But overtime pay doesn't just rack up amongst police officers. The city's fire department and Department of Public Works also earned millions in overtime pay in 2017.
Though the city paid out more than $11 million in overtime dollars last year, officials say the departments are not understaffed.
Combined, employees of the Police Department, Fire Department and Department of Public Works were paid more than $7 million in overtime dollars last year.
In a year with a record-low five homicides, police department employees took home $4,399,365 in overtime.
But city officials say those costs are not because of understaffing.
"There are late calls, there's the special projects that we have to do, there are parades that we have to cover," Police Chief Steven Sargent said in an interview. "The environment we're in now where every time we have a protest or anti-protest or whatever it may be, we have to put up our real time crime center, there's training, there are so many other things involved that have to be taken care of."
The police officer who took home the most overtime pay was John Towns at $59,577. Towns are lieutenant in the detective bureau.
"We want our cops on the street, so if we have to pay overtime to get them better trained, to have our real time crime center up when all these things are going on, then that's what we're going to do to keep the community safe," Sargent said. "Where homicides are down, we saved some money there, but there are so many other things that are involved, grants that we need to take care of that are done on overtime."
More than a dozen other police officers, captains and lieutenants took home between $30,000 and $50,000 in overtime pay.
"Overtime costs are not typically due to understaffing," a city spokesman said in an email. "Much of specialized and grant funded police work is done on an overtime basis such as the Summer Impact program, youth programs, off-shift attendance to crime watch and neighborhood association meetings, unanticipated investigations, accident reconstruction, etc."
For department of public works employees, that overtime can be required for emergency situations like snow removal or water main breaks.
Hermes Rivera, a working foreman who maintains the Worcester Common, received the most overtime pay of Department of Public Works employees at $40,122.
Police department details through 2017 also reached into the millions.
A total of $9,326,718 in detail pay went to police officers.
Police officer George Kelly made the most in detail pay out of any police officer, amassing $100,384 for details last year. That is more than his regular pay of $75,508.
Kelly wasn't the only officer to make more in details than his regular salary. William Auger Jr. made $88,252 in details compared to $87,624 in regular pay. Nathan Lafleche brought in $86,662 in detail pay, more than his $80,498 regular pay.
There were 7,287 people on the city's payroll last year.
As expected, City Manager Edward Augustus Jr. was the highest paid employee in the city last year.
The city has 223 employees who make more than $100,000 in regular pay. They range from Augustus to Kurt Richard, a fire captain whose salary was $100,051.
Among the top 50 earners in 2017, only two were women, and many are employees of the police department.
Below is a full city employee database. Search by name or job title to find out what anyone who worked for the city of Worcester made last year.
To see a full list of all Worcester city employees, leave the fields blank and hit the "search" button.
Search tips:
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
National Accountability Bureau Chairman Javed Iqbal has directed the bureau's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa director general to conduct an inquiry into Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Chairman Imran Khan's reported use of the KP chief minister's official helicopters.
In a press release issued on Friday, the NAB KP DG has been directed to ascertain how the CM handed over his official helicopter to someone else and find out if the same was repeated with other individuals.
Moreover, the DG has been tasked to determine if the CM misused his authority. The press release states that NAB has started the inquiry so that official helicopters are not misused in the future. Documents show that the PTI chairperson used the KP government's helicopters free of charge for a total of 74 hours to travel approximately 18,000 kilometres. The provincial government recorded in its books a total expense of Rs2.1 million at approximately Rs28,865 per hour for Khan's 40 trips on the two helicopters — an Mi-17 and an Ecureuil.
An International team of researchers have used Very Large Telescope, situated at the Atacama Desert in Chile, to capture the birth of a planet in the middle of dust and gas around its young star. The amazing phenomena happened 370 light years away from earth and scientists successfully captured it on camera.
Touted to be the first-of-its-kind image, the astonishing picture shows an alien world known as PDS 70b that orbits its dwarf star that is located in the constellation Centaurus.
The new finding described in two papers published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics reveals that astronomers have been noticing PDS 70b's dwarf star since the 1980s. As per the researchers, the major curiosity factor about the star was its very young age. It is estimated that the system in which PDS 70b lies is aged just around 3 million to 10 million years.
Even though this is a baby picture, the PDS 70b is actually a gas giant more massive than Jupiter. The surface temperature of this newborn planet is estimated to be about 1000 degree Celsius which means it is hotter than any other planet in the solar system.
"This confirms our picture of planet formation, namely that planets while accumulating material from their environment, carve a gap in the disk. While discovering how planet formation takes place around other stars, we learn as well about the history of our own solar system," told Miriam Kippler, an astronomer at the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg to NBC News Mach.
Heather Knutson, a professor of planetary science at Caltech in Pasadena said that giant gas planets like PDS 70b often form on a timescale of several million years, but these formations often go unnoticed due to the presence of gas disk embedded around the planet.
Experts believe that studying more about these newly formed planets will help to know more details about how sustainable habitats evolve in space bodies.
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
The number of alcohol breath tests deployed by police on England's roads has fallen by a quarter in the last five years, a new report has said.
The figures, published by the Institute of Alcohol Studies on Friday, also show the number of Roads Policing Officers employed by English police forces fell by 27 per cent between 2011/12 and 2015/16.
Catching drink drivers is a priority for police in Lancashire and we will continue to crack down on drink driving to help make our roads safer.
But today Lancashire police vowed there would be no let-up in their fight to catch drink drivers despite falling staffing levels,
Roads Policing Officers are responsible for patrolling motorways and main roads.
Some forces have lost more than 83 per cent of these officers since 2011, the report said.
If the use of alcohol breath tests – used by police to test whether a driver is drunk – had been maintained at its 2011 level, the report said, more than a quarter of a million (260,681) more breath tests would have been used.
The report pointed to a cut in police budgets to explain the decline.
On average, the budget for policing roads has fallen from £5.3m to £4.35m since 2011 for each of the 18 forces who supplied data, the report said.
The institute called for the introduction of random roadside breath-testing to tackle the problem.
It also asked the government to launch mass media campaigns to properly explain the dangers of drink-driving to the public.
It also repeated its call for the drink-drive limit to be lowered from its current level of 80mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood to 50mg/100ml.
That would put England and Wales in line with the rest of Europe, including Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Katherine Brown, chief executive of the Institute for Alcohol Studies, said: “Where enforcement levels are on the wane, more public campaigns would raise awareness about the dangers of drink-driving, and a lower drink drive limit would provide a cost-effective way of limiting the risk of people getting behind the wheel after consuming alcohol.”
Lancashire Constabulary has lost 800 officers owing to cuts since 2010, according to the force.
The Institute of Alcohol Studies report says Lancashire now has 112 road officers, compared to 143 in 2011.
A Lancashire Police spokesman said: “Drinking when driving is unacceptable and our efforts to catch those responsible will continue.
“Catching drink drivers is a priority for police in Lancashire and we will continue to crack down on drink driving to help make our roads safer.”
A vintage tractor auction has raised more than £300,000 thanks to the expertise of one of the country's leading rural land specialists.
When well-known haulier, farmer and vintage collector, Allen Brown, decided to retire, he enlisted the help of Bell Ingram to auction off his impressive collection of agriculture equipment.
A vintage tractor auction has raised more than �300,000 thanks to the expertise of one of the country's leading rural land specialists
Allen had run a highly successful haulage firm in Ripon, North Yorkshire, and amassed an impressive collection of tractors over many years in business.
156 items were listed at the auction, including 58 tractors and two combine harvesters and a host of more unique items such as turnip snaggers, root choppers and mangles.
The sale took place in Thirsk, North Yorkshire, with bidders travelling from across Britain to try to get their hands on some of the bespoke items.
Derek Tyson, Thirsk-based Partner at Bell Ingram and auctioneer at the sale, said: “We knew that the auction would see the complete, 25 year collection of tractors and farming equipment go up for sale.
“So it was particularly pleasing that the day was such a tremendous success. The car park was filled by nine in the morning and by the time everyone was in from the overspill car park, there must have been at least 1000 people in attendance.
“The planning for the sale paid off and the knowledge of the different lots helped ensure that we were able to have a really successful sale where both the customer and the bidders went home happy.”
The sale presented buyers with a unique opportunity to purchase a variety of classic tractors and machinery, some restored to a high standard and others in genuine, original condition.
Some of the earliest items up for auction included a turnip gapper, originally used for thinning turnips, as well as a Bamlett cutter bar, which would have been used to hitch up to a horse.
Vintage tractors included a 1920s Rock Island and an original Fordson prototype while some of the more modern offerings came from recognisable names such as Ford and John Deere.
Established 117 years ago, Bell Ingram has 130 professional staff across 11 UK offices including: farm, estate and forestry managers; chartered surveyors, estate agents, architects, planners, and building surveyors; and tourism, GIS mapping, and renewable energy specialists.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has suggested Jamie Carragher needs to shift some timber himself after his comments about Virgil van Dijk.
Anfield legend Carragher claimed £75million new boy Virgil van Dijk is currently ‘too big' after a topsy-turvy start to Anfield life.
The Reds finally signed the Dutch defender from Southampton for a club record fee after being knocked back last summer.
But ahead of his side's encounter with Spurs, Klopp had a response for the Liverpool icon.
"I'm sure that Jamie needs to lose a bit of weight. It's not an issue," he said.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Klopp added: "When Virgil came here he wasn't match fit. I spoke to him about it (leaving him out the other night), he expected it. We have to use the time."
On the Dutchman's form since arriving, Carragher had said: "I think it will prove to be a great signing, but he hasn't hit the ground running.
"I think he needs to get fit and lose a bit of weight. He actually looks too big. Maybe that's to do with not having a pre-season."
He also suggested it had been an unsuccessful transfer window for Liverpool.
"I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window, certainly in January as well," he added. "I think every Liverpool fan, myself included, when Philippe Coutinho stayed in the summer, felt okay.
"We know he's going next season, let's enjoy these 12 months, probably similar to Ronaldo, Luis Suarez, you always felt that was going to happen.
(Image: REUTERS)
"To lose him mid-season, you know I don't agree. Philippe Coutinho is not worth that [£146m], he's not that good. I would have taken £20m, £30m less in the summer to know that Liverpool would have had him in the second half of the season, because at that time we're still in the FA Cup, we're still in the Champion League.”
Which cheese is the best cheese? Probably whichever cheese is readily available at any given moment, right? Recently, Reddit users started sharing their “normal” cheese AKA the cheese they are most likely to have on hand if we opened their fridge MTV Cribs-style. While a few cheese favorites rose to the top, the answer for most popular cheese varied widely, depending on the country the Redditor was from. The results were a delicious cheese board, a lovely array of cracker companions, fit for any dinner party or afternoon snack.
The most popular answer in the thread by far, sitting comfortably at number one with over a thousand upvotes, was cheddar cheese. This is perhaps unsurprising to anyone in the U.S. or U.K., as people from both regions commented on the post. “We have other cheeses occasionally but there is nearly always cheddar,” wrote one Redditor, “and if there isn't we buy some.”
While the amount of cheddar we spend on cheddar (moment of pause for that cheesy wordplay) has been increasing in recent years in the U.S., cheddar is not the most popular cheese in the United States. According to a 2014 report from the International Dairy Foods Association (IDFA), Italian-style cheeses are the most popular in the U.S. Meaning, mozzarella beat out American-style cheese like our beloved cheddar.
Makes sense if you think about how much pizza we also consume in the States. (And most everyone knows mozzarella is the best pizza cheese or at least the most reliable.)
The second most popular answer in the Reddit thread? Gouda. It appeared to be particularly popular among Dutch Redditors and fancy-pants Americans. (Side note: Americans' concept of fancy cheese is far from universal. People around the world are partying daily with cheese we in the U.S. seems to only reserve for special occasions.)
While the U.S. is the top cheese producing country in the world, we don't eat the most cheese per capita. We don't even fall in the top ten. According to 2014 data from IDFA, the top three cheese-eating countries are France, Germany, and Luxembourg. In those parts of the world, soft, buttery cheese like camembert and gouda reign supreme.
The third most upvoted answer was “brown goat cheese” otherwise known as brunost. I'll save you a Google and tell you it's very little like the white, crumbly and creamy goat cheese we've come to know and love in the U.S. (If you haven't been blessed by my lord and savior Trader Joe's blueberry and vanilla goat cheese, you need to get saved ASAP.) Brunost, as described by those unfamiliar with the cheese, has a savory dulce de leche flavor. The texture is similar to American goat cheese but often comes in smooth slices. If you want to get freaky with your morning cheese selection, you can party like the Norwegians and add brunost to your breakfast toast.
Gruyere, manchego, and brie were also among the cheeses people consistently keep on hand. However, those among us whose cheese selection is a little less refined can still feel validated. One Redditor said that Kraft singles “that can barely be called cheese” are what they and their bank account consider “normal” cheese. “Any cheese other than that is fancy.”
String cheese also made a welcome appearance further down in the thread. (I didn't make it far enough down in the comments to see if spray cheese reared its ugly, aerosol head.) And where my cottage cheese heads at? Literally nowhere? Cool, cool.
Cream cheese also wasn't mentioned near the top but it's a staple in my refrigerator. You ever added a thing layer of cream cheese to your grilled cheese? How about a lil' dollop in your mac and cheese? As its name suggests, it makes everything creamier and more delicious.
This has all been fun and we've had a great time, but there is only one true cheese: it is pepper jack and if you disagree that's fine but you're wrong.
The only green food I'll eat is either frosting on a carrot cake (you can trick me into carrots if you grind them up into cake, which is, I assume, how carrot cake is made) or if they've spent three to six weeks in a barrel of brine. Pickled food is inarguably the best food, particularly if you've got a salty tooth like me. And now, one food blog's got to scoop on the best way to force veggies down my throat: Brussels sprouts pickles, now being manufactured in Brooklyn.
According to Delish, Brussels sprouts pickles are indeed a thing. They're being produced by Brooklyn Whatever, a mother/son duo who make "schnacks" like "Shpickles," "Shnuts," and "Schmolives" in New York City's coolest borough, then hawk them at select local grocers all over the country. "Shpickles," according to Brooklyn Whatever's website, are basically any pickled vegetable that's not a basic cucumber, and which Brooklyn Whatever show-runners Rachael and Abe Shamah douse in brine made using an "old family recipe" comprised of oregano, red pepper flakes, andcloves of garlic — but no dill! Shpickles run the gamut from broccoli to carrots to cauliflower to okra, to tiny beets, to string beans, but Delish was particularly floored by the Brussels sprouts, as evidenced by this video they produced:
The finished sprouts, which run $30 for three jars, look pretty good, and that's coming from a total lachanophobe. Delish describes them as "INSANE," noting that even with the brine they "keep their crunch and become pickle bombs of funky flavor," which is enough endorsement to inspire me to consider trying them.
According to Delish, there's a whole world out there of weird pickled things, like pineapple, blueberries, watermelon rinds, and pig's feet. Plus, pickling may have some health benefits, according to Medical News Today — fermented foods actually make the vitamins and nutrients they harbor easier for your body to absorb, so even if you're anti-vegetable and pro-pickle, you might be able to stave off scurvy. In fact, some people think pickles cure everything, like muscle cramps, social anxiety, and the common cold, although you may have to battle some cavities in exchange.
As for the goods over at Brooklyn Whatever, they're not limited to pickled vegetables. Schnuts are sweet nut mixes doused in brown sugar, herbs, and spices, with flavors including Sweet & Savory, Curry, Creole, and Ghost Pepper (OH GOD). Then, there are spicy Shmolives; HotShauce, which comes in Stone Red Hot and Wings Hot, Shauerkraut, which comes flavored with Chipotle or Sweet & Hot; Shbarbecue sauce, whose flavors include hickory apple, Sweet Carolina, and Southern Classic; Shdressing, which comes in Blueberry Balsamic and Garlic Parmesan; Shketchup, which comes in habanero or jalapeno flavoring; Shpreads like apple butter, cherry jalapeno jamp, hot pepper jam, and regular jalapeno; Shweet peaches and pears, and Shmustard, which comes in Sweet and Zesty. Best of all, whenever you buy any of these babies, you get a very cute tote.
Brooklyn Whatever's Brussels sprouts aren't universally available just yet, although they've got a whole bunch of stores selling their stuff in New York City (including at Forager's in DUMBO, home to the greatest salad bar of all time). They're also available on Long Island and in a slew of East Coast states, including in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and in Washington, D.C., and Il Ritrovo in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, appears to sell Brooklyn Whatever's goods, too.
Do note that however much you enjoy these pickled products, it is truly unwise to transform yourself into a pickle, lest you end up rolling into a sewer and having to murder a cockroach in order to battle an army of rats and return home. It makes for good television, but it is decidedly less good in real life.
“My husband and I saw an opportunity to take advantage of the recent gains in real estate and to move to a less expensive city to live mortgage-free, support our savings for retirement and also to be closer to family,” says Blakely, whose new home has nearly twice the square footage.
The 34-year-old says it made sense to cash out of a city that was draining their finances, energy and family time.
They recently sold that renovated three-bedroom for more than $1 million and now expect to live mortgage-free in a four-bedroom purchase in their hometown of Ottawa.
Seven years later, they found themselves on the right side of a hot housing market, with values tripling in a neighbourhood suddenly considered up-and-coming for young families seeking detached homes.
Sarah Blakely recalls feeling some trepidation when she and her husband shelled out more than $300,000 for a modest 1 ½-storey house in a less-desirable part of Toronto.
And they may have taken action at just the right time.
Wynne to meet mayors on housing affordability
Scotiabank executive says government action may be needed to cool Toronto's housing market
Blakely's real estate agent Josie Stern says the market appears to be cooling, and doubts Blakely could fetch that same jackpot sale today.
“A little bit of air has been let out of the bubble,” she says.
Many buyers and sellers are waiting to see what will come of Tuesday's scheduled meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory, who are expected to discuss ways to rein in Toronto's hot housing market.
Meanwhile, the Ontario government is promising to announce affordability measures soon.
Stern says some buyers are delaying their purchase in anticipation of possible fixes.
“Buyers have been in such a stressful situation for so long that now they think somebody is going to save them and they're waiting,” says Stern. “They've dug their heels in, they're tired of competition and then there's those that are still proceeding, but there's been quite a big pullback from buyers.”
Sellers who've bought new homes are rushing to list their old property, she adds, but many are not getting the high bids seen a month ago.
The Toronto market has been astonishing, with the average sale in the Greater Toronto Area skyrocketing last month to $916,567. That's up 33.2 per cent from a year ago.
With strong demand and limited supply, it wasn't uncommon for bidding wars to result in sales hundreds of thousands of dollars above asking. And a lot of those sellers took those dollars out of the Greater Toronto Area where they can get more acreage, less congestion and still pocket a fair bit of cash.
“We're finding that a lot of people are leaving the city,” says Stern, who estimates that about a third of her 35 sales this year involved sellers either downsizing to condos or moving to more affordable markets.
“It's empty-nesters, it's (couples with) babies, it's all kinds of people that are doing this.”
Even with a new uncertainty in the air, it's still a seller's market, she adds.
One of her biggest sales was a $2-million listing that went $575,000 over asking in February. The sellers moved to the commuter city of Burlington, Ont.
They're joining buyers priced out of the Toronto market who have gone looking for cheaper housing in smaller communities across the Golden Horseshoe, spurring other sales spikes in the region — Hamilton-Burlington homes jumped 22.6 per cent during the first two months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.
Still other buyers are looking farther afield.
Remember that relatively inexpensive Nova Scotia mansion that dominated Facebook last month?
Real estate agent Wanda Graves of Eastern Valley Real Estate says it's sparked more inquiries from Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and B.C. house hunters suddenly hip to Eastern Canada's charms.
Nova Scotia sellers are taking notice, and are marketing to out-of-province buyers now considered increasingly likely to make an offer.
“They know that there are buyers out there and now it's, ‘How do we reach them?' ” says Graves.
Before selling for $455,000, the mansion in Newport Landing, N.S., drew more than one million views on her company's website and 36,000 shares on Facebook.
It's a story Vancouver real estate agent Melissa Wu knows well.
Years of record-setting sales saw Vancouver homeowners cash out for smaller markets with more space.
But that changed after the B.C. government introduced a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last summer, which Wu says especially soured interest in west Vancouver luxury homes priced at more than $4 million.
Detached homes in the $1-million to $2-million range in east Vancouver are doing well and still notching close to record highs, says Wu.
Her recent sales included a $2-million get for a century-old home owned by a retired couple. Their plan is to downsize to an older condo costing less than $500,000. The rest of the proceeds will go to their kids and retirement fund.
She says the sale was a record high for the neighbourhood, but it took an agonizing three weeks to secure — longer than it would have last year, she says.
She advises Toronto homeowners thinking of selling to take advantage while they can.
“There's always a shift coming in,” she says of this hot market. “Sell before it corrects.”
Stern would like to see a crackdown on real estate speculators in Toronto, citing one buyer who bought 15 properties in the last two years.
And she cautions those tempted to cash out that there's always a risk the market won't co-operate.
“People have been asking themselves that question since the year 2000: Should I sell? Should I cash out?
“And there have been people who have cashed out and have regretted it because they've seen what the market has (done) — they've never been able to rebuy the houses that they've sold.”
Accra, April 24, GNA - Concern Health Education Project and Muslim Family Counselling Services, two non-governmental agencies, have called on government to prioritise immunization for under-five children to protect their lives.
In a joint press statement, the NGOs said government must assess and re-new its commitment to the Addis Declaration on Immunization and also increase the health budget.
In 2016 African leaders at the first Ministerial Conference on Immunization in Africa in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, committed to continue to invest in immunization programmes and a healthy future for all people of the African continent.
Leaders agreed that to sustain the progress made in vaccine introduction and coverage, and achieve the full potential to save children's and adult's lives – current national budgetary allocations to vaccination programmes within the context of national health systems financing needed to be further increased.
“Government must also monitor its health system at all times for effective and efficient immunization response,” the NGOs said in the statement signed by Isaac Ampomah, CEO Concern Health Education Project, and Mohammed Bun Bida, Director Muslim Family Counselling Services.
The statement comes in the wake of the Africa Vaccination week 2018 and the World Meningitis day, happening simultaneously, beginning Tuesday April 24.
The statement said Ghana's efforts to protect its children both born and unborn through routine immunization programmes by government and with support of civil society has been commendable.
Government must also start the discussion of self-financing for immunization activities with open and transparent dialogue with civil society groups.
The dialogue, the statement noted, was important as Ghana was set to graduate from GAVI financial support for its domestic immunization by 2022.
“In order to make this graduation successful, it is imperative to ensure a collective involvement of all actors in child health,” it said.
The statement urged government and the donor community to see routine immunization as a service that would save future leaders.
The statement said at the community level men involvement in immunization services must be encouraged while leaders of faith-based and traditional communities be involved and help in community mobilization and engagements in immunization services at all levels.
“To help mothers to see their children's fifth birthday, it is imperative therefore to increase demand for immunization services,” it said.
Concern Health Education Project and Muslim Family Counselling Services are registered NGOs promoting health and wellbeing of people.
GNA
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 3:46 am |
Immigrants from the U.S. on a Nefesh B'Nefesh aliyah flight. (Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - French Jews are still interested in moving to Israel, but they need jobs, according to Ariel Kandel, chairman of the Kalita organization, a group dedicated to helping French Jews to immigrate to Israel. “Failure to provide work opportunities for professionals coming from France is a main reason that immigration from France is down,” he told Haaretz.
“The policymakers must remove bureaucratic blockages that prevent immigrants from working in their own professions and from working in the businesses they know,” he said, referring to complaints by many immigrants that their academic and medical degrees are not recognized by Israeli agencies, and that they are required to take further courses in order to qualify to work as doctors, dentists and lawyers in Israel. “It is important to bring immigrants to Israel, but it is just as important to care for them when they get here.”
The Immigration Authority announced Friday that 27,000 immigrants became Israeli citizens in 2016, 13 percent fewer than in 2015. 2016 marked the first year since 2007 when immigration was not greater than in the previous year – much of that due to a falloff in the number of French Jews immigrating to Israel.
In 2015, 31,000 immigrants became Israelis, but that number decreased to 27,000 in 2016 – mostly due to a falloff in the number of immigrants from France. In 2015, 8,000 French Jews immigrated to Israel, but in 2016, that number was 3,000.
The largest number of immigrants came from former Soviet Union countries. 7,000 immigrants came from Russia, and Ukraine supplied 5,500. Immigrants from the U.S. numbered 2,900. The largest number of immigrants came from former Soviet Union countries. 7,000 immigrants came from Russia, and Ukraine supplied 5,500. Immigrants from the U.S. numbered 2,900. More than half of the total 29,000 (14,650) were age 35 and under.
With that, the long-term immigration trend was still up. In 2008, Israel saw 15,000 immigrants, with that number growing to 19,000 by 2013, and in 2014 the number of immigrants was 27,000.
Jewish Agency chairman Natan Sharansky said that the very high immigration numbers of recent years were due to “external factors that have changed or disappeared.” Despite the lower immigration numbers, “we do see that the long-term trends remain in place. The number of immigrants to Israel, especially from the West, continues to be very high compared to the average of the last 15 years. These numbers remind us that the state must continue to invest more money in solutions to ensure the absorption of these immigrants.”
It is one of the great debates of modern culture: Can the Migos be both Falcons and Alvin Kamara fans?
Kamara grew up in Gwinnett County, Georgia, and was close with Quavo, Offset and Takeoff. After bouncing around the University of Alabama, Hutchinson Community College in Kansas and the University of Tennessee, Kamara landed in New Orleans in the third round of the 2017 NFL Draft.
The good news: Kamara had a pro home. The bad news: The Saints are a rival to the Falcons.
Despite NFC South tensions at an all-time high -- 2017 was the first year three teams from the division reached the postseason -- Kamara and the Migos were able to root for each other as their careers took off. So, of course, the question must be asked: Can Migos wear Atlanta on their back and then root for Kamara and the Saints?
"They're Alvin fans," Kamara says.
For real.
"They're Falcons fans," Kamara says. "Where are we from? We're from Atlanta. They're Falcons fans. But for real, they're more of Saints fans than they're Julio Jones fans. They've got to kind of be Falcons fans because they're in Atlanta. You can't just be a Saints fan walking around Atlanta."
Super Bowl LIII will be played at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta. There are a lot of local artists who could be selected to perform at the halftime show. Kamara has his preference.
"Yes, I want my boys to preform," Kamara says. "Of course, yes. I'm about to write that in right now. If Migos don't perform at the 2019 Super Bowl, it's going to be a problem."
.@A_kamara6 wants the @Saints and his childhood friends to make next year's #SuperBowl in Atlanta.
"If @Migos don't preform at the 2019 Super Bowl, it's going to be a problem." pic.twitter.com/NgfbaQ6Eqh — ThePostGame (@ThePostGame) February 3, 2018
Are you listening, Roger Goodell?
Kamara spoke to ThePostGame on Friday morning after winning the Pepsi Rookie of the Year award. At night, last year's winner, Dak Prescott, formerly passed on the honor.
.@dak passes on the @pepsi Rookie of the Year Award to @A_kamara6 and praises the new winner's skills. pic.twitter.com/ty3RcXqTeg — ThePostGame (@ThePostGame) February 3, 2018
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
On June 15, 1963, “Sukiyaki” by Kyu Sakamoto became a hit on the American pop chart. It was the first Japanese song ever to go to number one in the U.S.
In 1964, Peter and Gordon arrived for their first U.S. tour.
In 1965, Bob Dylan recorded the song “Like A Rolling Stone” at Columbia Records' studios in New York.
In 1966, The Beatles released “Yesterday and Today” with its controversial “butcher” sleeve: a photo of The Beatles surrounded by bloody baby doll parts. The cover was changed to a more conventional photo, and the butcher version became a collector's item.
Advertisement
In 1967, guitarist Peter Green left John Mayall's Bluesbreakers to form Fleetwood Mac. Green abruptly left the band in 1970.
In 1982, bassist Pete Farndon quit The Pretenders, one day before guitarist James Honeyman-Scott died.
In 1992, Bruce Springsteen kicked off a summer tour in Stockholm. It was his first tour without the E Street Band.
In 1995, Jewish leaders demanded an apology from Michael Jackson over his song “They Don't Care About Us,” which contained anti-Semitic slang words.
In 1996, jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald died at her home in Beverly Hills, California. She was 78.
Today's Birthdays: Singer Ruby Nash Garnett of Ruby and the Romantics is 83. Singer-actor Johnny Hallyday is 74. Singer Russell Hitchcock of Air Supply is 68. Singer Steve Walsh (Kansas) is 66. Country singer Terri Gibbs is 63. Actor Jim Belushi is 63. Actress Julie Hagerty (“Airplane”) is 62. Actress Polly Draper (“thirtysomething”) is 62. Guitarist Brad Gillis of Night Ranger is 60. Drummer Scott Rockenfield of Queensryche is 54. Actress Helen Hunt is 54. Actress Courteney Cox (“Friends”) is 53. Guitarist Tony Ardoin of River Road is 53. Guitarist Michael Britt of Lonestar is 51. Drummer Rob Mitchell of Sixpence None The Richer is 51. Rapper-actor Ice Cube is 48. Actress Leah Remini (“King of Queens”) is 47. Actor Jake Busey (“Starship Troopers”) is 46. Trombone player T-Bone Willy of Save Ferris is 45. Actor Neil Patrick Harris (“How I Met Your Mother,” ”Doogie Howser, M.D.”) is 44. Actress Elizabeth Reaser (“Twilight”) is 42. Singer Dryden Mitchell of Alien Ant Farm is 41. Guitarist Billy Martin of Good Charlotte is 36. Guitarist Wayne Sermon of Imagine Dragons is 33. Actor Denzel Whitaker is 27.
tst 11 Does tst 11 have reactions? Likewise observing it is an intrinsic supplement, it prompts no side assets individual in men. Be that as it may, in the event that you are a terrestrial, you need to yield some care. Over the top confidence and generation of hormone testosterone bouncecel make your beef consume the street getting more manly.
Test Boost Elite Now not every man wishes a prescription level approach to deal with erectile disorder. A mixture of some effective natural herbs or dietary supplements can be a perfect answer in lots of instances. however what makes those supplements so effective? numerous stimulating dietary supplements were determined to offer blessings in no time. And, in contrast to much less herbal answers, these may be powerful even if blended with alcohol. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
6 Months After Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico Has A Long Recovery Ahead It's been six months since Hurricane Maria blasted Puerto Rico. One of the top reasons FEMA is denying people grants to repair their houses is that many can't prove they own their properties.
6 Months After Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico Has A Long Recovery Ahead 6 Months After Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico Has A Long Recovery Ahead 6 Months After Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico Has A Long Recovery Ahead Audio will be available later today. It's been six months since Hurricane Maria blasted Puerto Rico. One of the top reasons FEMA is denying people grants to repair their houses is that many can't prove they own their properties. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
A teenage boy has been stabbed in a serious assault by two men in Yaxley last night.
Armed police were called at 7pm on Monday, August 14, to reports of a stabbing in Park Close, Yaxley.
Police incident in Yaxley, Yaxley recreation ground, Peterborough Monday 14 August 2017. Picture by Terry Harris. THA
A 15-year-old boy was assaulted by two men. He received serious, but not life-threatening, injuries as a result of the incident.
Officers, including those from the armed policing unit, attended the scene and an investigation is ongoing. No arrests have yet been made.
No description of the offenders has been given to police by the victim at this stage.
Door to door patrols were being made by officers in Yaxley and Farcet last night and the force helicopter was also up over the area.
Police incident in Yaxley, Yaxley recreation ground, Peterborough Monday 14 August 2017. Picture by Terry Harris. THA
The assault follows a serious assault on a teenager by a gang of men at Yaxley recreation ground at the end of July.
Police said investigating officers were aware of the previous incident and keeping an open mind as to whether they are linked.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CF0467040817.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
Police incident in Yaxley, Yaxley recreation ground, Peterborough Monday 14 August 2017. Picture by Terry Harris. THA
The assaults on Love have been relentless and brutal. While he never displayed his emotions publicly, he was stung by the criticism, which drove him into a shell and made him guarded.
He trusted no one.
"It's been a learning experience," he said. "I came in averaging 25 (points) and 10 (rebounds) and was the man and right on the cusp of the playoffs. And then I was supposed to win a championship and I was trying to figure all that out with two ball-dominant guys, and it was a process.
"It was tough for me. Not only that, I was trying to learn so much with trying to be able to deal with what's sometimes called a circus around here, that sort of thing."
As the Cavs were in the early stages this year of what has turned into one of the most turbulent seasons in memory, Love was thrust into an uncomfortable, and as it turned out, life-changing situation.
During a heated team meeting on Jan. 22, he was questioned by some teammates for leaving a Jan. 20 game against Oklahoma City and missing practice the next day. Love explained that he suffers from panic attacks and was getting help. He then wrote an essay for the Player's Tribune, detailing his struggles and describing a previous episode in a November game.
Love's revelation came while he was recovering from a broken left hand that sidelined him for nearly two months. It was a sensitive subject, and he initially worried about reaction or backlash.
And that's the warming part of his journey.
Love received thousands of emails from people thanking him for coming forward. Not a day passed that he wasn't approached by someone who wanted to talk, to tell him they were proud.
"That was the coolest thing about it," he said. "So many people came up to me and felt like they could share their stories. I wouldn't say I was like this 10 years ago, but I've become a lot more of an empathetic person and that has helped me in my relationship with my family, my best friends and just anybody that has come up to me and just shared their stories. I like that it has established a community, not only in Cleveland but everywhere."
It has also changed his daily professional interactions. Love, who has received counselling, said it's understandable if others see him in a new light.
But he made it clear he's not looking for sympathy.
"I don't want them to treat me different in there," he said, circling his finger above one of the Cavs' practice courts. "I don't want them to make any excuse. That wasn't the point. In the meetings I always say basketball is my safeguard. It's where I go to escape so all that other stuff goes away. It's the other times where my mind takes control, where I can be my own worst enemy."
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said he urged Love to let things go, not worry and play.
"I told him," said Lue, who missed time this season with his own health issues, "'just be yourself, have fun. You're one of the best players in the league. You make a lot of money. Relax.'"
Love's had an uneven post-season. He struggled in the first round against Indiana and scored just seven points in the series opener against Toronto before bouncing back with 31 in Game 2.
Last week, he was knocked out of Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals following a first-quarter collision with Celtics rookie Jayson Tatum. Love was placed in the NBA's concussion protocol, and his replacement, Jeff Green, came up big and helped the Cavs win Game 7 in Boston.
Love remained in protocol on Wednesday and his status for the series opener is in doubt.
As his teammates were handed 2018 Finals T-shirts and caps on the floor afterward, Love was nowhere in sight after watching the game from a back room at TD Garden.
It was another twist in this strained season for Love, who has learned to take everything in stride.
The next stop on his odyssey is the NBA final, and a chance to finish on a high note.
Love believes he's already hit one in Cleveland.
"For me, the glass has always been half full. Whether I'll play here four years or 14 years, I will have looked back and said it was a great time," he said. "This has all been worth it. We got to hang a banner and hopefully there will be more to come."
Universal's “The Fate of the Furious” fell just short of $100 million in domestic receipts for its debut weekend but smashed the global opening record, industry data showed on Monday.
The eighth installment of the high-octane action series starring Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriquez and Jason Statham took $98.8 million in North America, according to industry monitor Exhibitor relations.
It was a sharp drop from the $147.2 million debut by “Furious 7” in 2015 but strong performance overseas meant it was able to smash the “Jurassic World” record international opening of $316.7, with a massive $432.3 million from 63 international markets.
That included $190 million in China — the biggest ever debut for any film in the world's second largest economy — bringing its total global opening to $532 million and breaking the previous record of $529 million held by “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” (2015).
“It's a sign that a franchise built around muscle cars and odes to the importance of family is growing more global in scope,” wrote Brett Lang, senior film and media editor for trade magazine Variety in an online commentary. “If it wants to continue to expand its audience as it inevitably ticks through future sequels, it will need to keep building a fan base in places like China.” “The Fast and Furious” franchise, which added Charlize Theron for the latest installment, has now amassed $4.4 billion worldwide over its eight movies.
Elsewhere in the domestic top five, “The Boss Baby” beat Disney's “Beauty and the Beast” to the runner-up spot with $16 million, bringing its three-week total to $116.8 million. Alec Baldwin voices the chief baby in the DreamWorks production, distributed by Fox.
“Beauty” earned another $13.7 million to bring its five-week domestic take to $454.7 million but, as with “The Fate of the Furious,” the Disney fairytale starring Emma Watson and Dan Stevens is doing its biggest business abroad.
A $22 million take from foreign markets brought its global total of just over $1 billion, making it the 22nd largest worldwide release of all time.
Fourth place went to Sony's “Smurfs: The Lost Village” which added just $6.7 million to its disappointing $13.2 million opening weekend, described by the Hollywood Reporter as “one of the worst starts in recent memory for an animated offering from a major Hollywood studio.” “Going in Style,” a Warner Bros. comedy starring Morgan Freeman, Alan Arkin and Michael Caine as an octogenarian bank robbers, placed fifth in its second weekend, taking in $6.3 million for a domestic total of $23.3 million, which almost covers its production budget.
Rounding out the top 10 are: “Gifted” ($3.1 million) “Get Out” ($3 million) “Power Rangers” ($2.8 million) “The Case for Christ” ($2.8 million) “Kong: Skull Island” ($2.7 million)
Published:
Share This
A Federal High Court sitting in Osogbo has granted an order of mandamus to compel the National Assembly to begin impeachment process against President Muhammadu Buhari, based on some alleged constitutional breaches.Justice Maureen Onyetenu gave the ex parte order on Wednesday, following a motion filed before her by the Chairman, Nigeria Bar Association, Ilesa branch, Mr. Kanmi Ajibola; and a human rights activist, Mr. Suleiman Adeniyi.The activists had, about three months ago, written to the Senate and the House of Representatives to begin impeachment process against the President, based on the continuous killings and spending without lawmakers' approval.However, the duo approached the court seeking an order to compel the National Assembly to begin the process following their refusal to impeach Buhari based on the activists' letters.They alleged that the President did not possess a certificate to be qualified as a President and should be impeached based on this and other alleged impeachable offences.The judge, in her ruling, granted the leave to compel the National Assembly to commence impeachment process against the President.
Taco Bell Unveils Firecracker Burrito With Pop Rocks
Trending News: Taco Bell Made A Burrito With Pop Rocks Because Nothing Is Sacred
Why Is This Important?
Taco Bell has done it again: They've introduced an insane new menu item that sounds both gross and amazing at the same time. At this point, we're pretty sure they're just f***ing with us.
Long Story Short
Stop scrolling through your #Swineapple-packed feed for just one second: Taco Bell's Firecracker Burrito has arrived and between all the cheese, sauce and pop rocks, it has us seriously shook.
Long Story
Remember when Taco Bell rolled out the Naked Chicken Chalupa? This is like that, but even crazier. The fast food chain's latest viral menu addition is dubbed the Firecracker Burrito and it's exactly what it sounds like: a burrito that sets off fireworks in your mouth. Literally.
A post shared by Costa Spyrou (@outhereflourishing) on Aug 9, 2017 at 12:51pm PDT
Filled with rice, cheese, sour cream, beef and red tortilla strips, the Firecracker ($1.29) is wrapped in a (appropriately colored) red tortilla and comes in two versions — cheesy, which is packed with nacho cheese, and spicy, which features chipotle sauce — complete with quite the unexpected side order: a packet of spicy pop rocks. Said packet will set you back an extra $0.20 cents, but if you're going for it, you better go for it, right?!
A post shared by BEEN?CRUSHIN' MMXII (@beencrushin) on Aug 10, 2017 at 7:42pm PDT
According to Foodbeast, the pop rocks "add a sweet-spicy flavor along with a fizzy texture to the burrito, but be warned: too many of these popping candies at once could make the burrito taste way too sweet, which, as I've learned the hard way, is not a pleasant feeling." We gotta be honest, it didn't exactly sound pleasant from the beginning.
If you really, really want to put yourself through the joy (pain?) that comes with this insane flavor combo, you're going to have to hurry because the Firecracker is only being served until August 16 and is available at two Santa Ana, California locations, as well as one outpost in Anaheim and one in Tustin. Who's ready for a quick road trip?
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
Why do we always feel the need to mess with a good thing?
Disrupt Your Feed
Just dipping my burrito in some pop rocks... no big deal.
Drop This Fact
Taco Bell is killing the fast food game. It sold over 25 million Naked Chicken Chalupas earlier this year.
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox could have won Wednesday's game easily. They carried a 6-2 lead into the ninth inning, and turned to Brian Johnson to finish up a series sweep over the Toronto Blue Jays.
It did not end up being so simple.
Johnson allowed back-to-back singles on his first three pitches of the game to put runners on first-and-third with nobody out. As the heart of the Blue Jays' order came to the plate, Red Sox manager Alex Cora had to turn to Craig Kimbrel yet again to pick up his 18th save of the season.
It was not a perfect outing for Kimbrel, who allowed a walk and a two-run double before retiring the side. Perhaps the reliever was feeling a bit of fatigue, after running through a very similar scenario the day before.
That was when the Red Sox carried a five-run lead into the ninth inning before Hector Velazquez loaded the bases with nobody out. Velazquez got one fly ball before Kimbrel retired the next two batters in order to pick up the save.
Still, neither situation was a conventional save situation, and could have been avoided with better performances by Velazquez and Johnson. Cora discussed his frustration with having to use Kimbrel after the win Wednesday.
"Honestly, we need to do a better job if we're trying to stay away from him," Cora said. "We need to shut down the door. Yesterday Velazquez didn't do it and (Johnson) didn't do it today and then he (Kimbrel) has to go through all of that. Try to stay away from Joe (Kelly) and hopefully we can stay away from him (Kimbrel), but we didn't accomplish that.
"He had to come in two games that before the inning started we were like, 'We don't want to use him.' But we did. We have to win the game, that's the most important thing."
The Red Sox have already used Kimbrel a team-high 25 times this season, and likely will not be able to use him for a third day in a row Thursday when they take on the Houston Astros. Kimbrel has been one of the best closers in the game this season, as he has converted on 18 of his 20 save opportunities.
Still, the Red Sox had two chances to keep him rested in mop-up duty and failed back-to-back days. That's something that will have to be cleaned up for the Red Sox moving forward.
There's a reason why Manchester City hold a 15-point advantage in the Premier League title race and have advanced to the latter stages of domestic and European cup competitions.
FC Basel stands in the way of the club's progression to the quarter-finals of the Champions League, they've drawn League One leaders Wigan Athletic in the fifth round of the FA Cup and they face Arsenal in the Carabao Cup's showpiece.
It's quite conceivable that Pep Guardiola's men could become the first English side to land the quadruple but that doesn't strike any fear in to Clarets forward Ashley Barnes.
The striker, who scored against City at the Etihad last month as well as in 2014, says that he and his teammates have faced it all before in the top flight.
However, he added that everybody will have to be at the top of their games if they are to negate City's superstars.
"They've been amazing, they're an amazing team," he said. "What they're doing is fantastic and it will be another tough opponent to come up against but it's nothing we haven't faced before.
"Whatever the gaffer's game plan we have to take that on board, but as soon you cross that white line it's a tough game.
"They have fantastic individual players who can create something out of nothing, we have to be alive and switched on for 90 minutes.
"You can't carry anyone, everyone has to be on top of their game to hopefully get something."
Sean Dyche's side have gone eight games without a win in the league but, Barnes accepts, that's simply the nature of the beast in this division.
but he added that they're doing everything they can to rectify that sequence of setbacks. "I don't think there's one day where we'll come in and be relaxed or go into games relaxed," he said.
"We work at 100% here and we will give it our all every day on the training field to put in performances at the weekend.
"You go through ups and downs in football, you're going to have some games you won't win.
"We've gone a few without a win but hopefully we can try and get something at the weekend. Just look at the league position. We haven't won but that will soon change.
"First and foremost it's get points back on the board and get to that 40 mark."
Malik Ashraf
FOR well over a year Indian security forces are persisting with the violation of cease fire agreement of 2003. During 2017 Indian security forces fired across the LOC 1900 times killing 254 people including civilians and soldiers deployed along the line. Since January till date more than 150 firing incidents have occurred and there seems no end to it. Reportedly the members of the United Nations Military Observers Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) narrowly escaped the Indian firing on Wednesday at Abbaspur in Poonch sector when they were being briefed by the locals on the situation prevailing in the area in the backdrop of ceasefire violations by India. Two local persons were seriously injured in the firing.
The group has been operating on both sides of the LOC till before 1971 war between India and Pakistan. After the Simla Agreement in 1972 India argued that the mandate of UNMOGIP had lapsed because it was specifically established to observe ceasefire according to the Karachi Agreement. However Secretary General of UN maintained that the group should continue to function because no resolution had been passed by the Security Council to terminate it. The Pakistani military authorities, accordingly, have continued to lodge complaints with UNMOGIP. However the Indians restricted the activities of the group on their side of the LOC and even in the recent past asked the group to wind up and leave. That is a clear defiance of the UN resolution 47 that established the UNMOGIP like the UN resolutions calling for a plebiscite to decide the accession of the state either to Pakistan or India. The Indian stance also negates Article 103 of the UN Charter which says “In the event of a conflict between the obligations of the members of the UN under the present charter and under any other international agreement, their obligations under the present charter will prevail” What it means is that the UN resolutions on the subject will invariably prevail until and unless the UN adopts a resolution to end the validity of its earlier resolutions. Since all the resolutions adopted by the UN for plebiscite still stand, their validity cannot be challenged on any grounds.
It is also pertinent to mention that the Indian stance regarding Kashmir being its integral part also has no legal basis. The UN through its resolutions 91 and 122 also repudiated Indian contention that the issue of accession of Kashmir had been resolved by the constituent assembly of Kashmir. These resolutions reiterated that the question of accession could not be resolved by any means other than enunciated in the UN resolutions on the subject. This proves beyond any doubt that the Indian claims of Kashmir being an integral part of India represent travesty of the facts and lack any legal basis. However, India continues to defy the UN and the world community who unfortunately are not very enthusiastic about fulfilling their obligations toward the people of Kahmir; courtesy the US and its western allies who are looking at the regional situation from the perspective of their strategic and commercial interests instead of throwing their weight behind the internationally recognized principle of self-determination.
India is being propped up by US and its allies as a regional superpower as part of their ‘contain China' policy. Keeping the LOC hot is meant to divert the attention of the world from the Indian atrocities and the excessive use of force by her security forces in occupied Kashmir and also to portray the freedom struggle as terrorism which sells easily in the permeating international environment. The Indian government has invariably claimed after its own triggered clashes along the ceasefire line that those killed on its side of the line were the terrorists trying to infiltrate the IHK to carry out acts of terrorism. Unfortunately the US has been endorsing the Indian claims and putting pressure on Pakistan instead of getting the Kashmir issue resolved in conformity with the UN regulations. Its staunch allies in the western world also toe the same line, notwithstanding the fact that the international human rights organizations like Amnesty International have documented all the human rights violations by the Indian security forces.
Looking the other way by US and its allies in regards to the situation in Kashmir is actually a reward to India for serving their strategic and commercial interests in the region. While they keep putting pressure on Pakistan regarding incidents of terrorism in India influenced by the Indian propaganda, they keep enigmatic silence on the Indian sponsored terrorism in Pakistan and its covert support to insurgency in Balochistan, notwithstanding the fact that Pakistan has provided dossiers containing irrefutable evidence of Indian involvement to US leaders and Secretary General of the United Nations. The arrest of Indian Navy officer Kalbhushan Yadev in Pakistan and his confession of sponsoring terrorism and support for insurgency in Balochistan is yet another ranting testimony to the Indian sponsored terrorism in Pakistan. In regards to ‘contain China'.
— The writer is freelance columnist based in Islamabad.
On 8 December, NCLT suspended all the eight directors of Unitech over allegations of mismanagement and siphoning of funds. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Shares of Unitech surged as much as 20% in morning trade on Monday after the NCLT authorised the government to appoint its 10 nominees on the board of the realty firm.
On 8 December, the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) suspended all the eight directors of Unitech over allegations of mismanagement and siphoning of funds, while authorising the government to appoint its 10 nominees on the board.
Monday's rally is the fourth consecutive one for the stock. On December 8, the Unitech scrip had jumped 20%. Shares of the company on Monday opened on a bullish note at Rs8.40, then rose to a high of Rs8.70, registering a jump of 19.34% over its previous closing price on the BSE.
Similar movement was seen on the NSE as well, where the stock opened at Rs8.40 and touched a high of Rs8.70, up 19.47% over its last close. In a rare move, the government approached the NCLT to take over the management with a view to protecting the interest of nearly 20,000 home buyers.
The tribunal's order came after the government filed a petition arguing that Unitech was a fit case for winding up but considering the interest of thousands of home buyers and small depositors, it wanted to take over company management. The company has over Rs6,000 crore debt with more than 16,000 undelivered units from a total of nearly 70 projects.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
The adoptive parents of a 16-year-old girl who weighed only 56 pounds (25 kilograms) when she died want their trials moved out of Dallas County in central Iowa.
Court records say lawyers for 41-year-old Misty Ray filed a motion Friday mostly matching one filed earlier this month for her husband, 42-year-old Marc Ray. Both have pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder, child endangerment resulting in death, and other crimes.
The motions say the Rays can't get fair trials in Dallas County because of extensive publicity. Misty Ray's mother has made the same argument in her bid for a new trial location. Sixty-three-year-old Carla Bousman has pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting child endangerment and other crimes.
An April 25 hearing has been scheduled on all three motions.
I like how I'm posting this like it's some big deal! Haha! It is…but it isn't.
As you know, her husband is the captain of the Preds, who just lost in the Stanley Cup Finals to the Pittsburgh Penguins. She was very vocal in her support, of course, but after the loss hasn't had much to say…UNTIL NOW!
South African Airways (SAA) and SA Express apologised for the stress they caused a customer who suffers from heart disease after flights were grounded last week.
“We regret the fact that the customer found himself in a position of distress after he sent the email notifying us that the flight changes were not acceptable to them. There was no intention whatsoever to place him or any other passenger in that state‚” SAA spokesperson Tlali Tlali said.
The apology comes after Michael Winstanley booked a flight on SAA's website for his wife on May 14 for her to travel from East London to Dar es Salaam in Tanzania‚ via Johannesburg‚ on June 8. The South African Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) grounded SA Express on May 24.
Winstanley got an email on Monday this week informing him that his wife's flight from East London to Johannesburg had been cancelled. She was instead booked on a flight departing from East London at 12:05pm to Johannesburg.
“How is my wife supposed to catch a [connecting] flight [to Tanzania] from Johannesburg at 10:30am when SAA only gets her to Johannesburg at 1:30pm? I also wonder what you expect a 60-year-old woman to do when she lands in Johannesburg and cannot get to her husband in Tanzania? Can you imagine the distress she is going to be in?” he said.
Indiana Adds Work Requirement To Medicaid, Will Block Coverage If Paperwork Is Late
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images
Indiana on Friday became the second state to win federal approval to add a work requirement for adult Medicaid recipients who gained coverage under the Affordable Care Act. A less debated provision in the state's new plan could lead to tens of thousands of people losing coverage if they fail to complete paperwork documenting their eligibility for the program.
The federal approval was announced by Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar in Indianapolis.
Medicaid participants who fail to promptly submit paperwork showing they still qualify for the program will be locked out of enrollment for three months, according to updated rules.
Since November 2015, more than 91,000 enrollees in Indiana were kicked off Medicaid for failing to complete the eligibility redetermination process, according to state records. The process requires applicants to show proof of income and family size, among other things, to see if still qualify for the coverage.
Until now, these enrollees could simply reapply anytime. Although many of those people likely weren't eligible anymore, state officials estimate about half of those who failed to comply with its re-enrollment rules still qualified for Medicaid coverage.
Indiana expanded Medicaid starting in February 2015, providing coverage to 240,000 people who were previously uninsured. The change helped lower the state's uninsured rate from 14 percent in 2013 to 8 percent last year.
The HHS approval of the state's waiver extends the program, which was expiring this month, through 2020.
The new lockout builds on one Indiana already had in place state for people who failed to pay monthly premiums and had annual incomes above the federal poverty level, or about $12,200 for an individual. Locked-out people are barred for six months from coverage. During the first two years of the experiment, about 10,000 Indiana Medicaid enrollees were subject to the lockout for failing to pay the premium for two months in a row, according to state data. In addition, more than 25,000 enrollees were dropped from the program when they failed to make the payments, although half of them found another source of coverage – usually through their jobs.
Another 46,000 were blocked from coverage because they failed to make the initial payment.
"The 'lockout' is one of the worst policies to hit Medicaid in a long time," says Joan Alker, executive director of the Georgetown University Center for Children and Families. "Forcing people to remain uninsured for months because they missed a paperwork deadline or missed a premium payment is too high a price to pay. From a health policy perspective it makes no sense because during that six-month period, chronic health conditions such as hypertension or diabetes are just likely to worsen."
Indiana's Medicaid expansion is being closely watched in part because it was spearheaded by then-Gov. Mike Pence, now vice president, and his top health consultant, Seema Verma, who heads the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.
The expansion, known as Healthy Indiana, enabled non-disabled adults access to Medicaid. It has elicited criticism from patient advocates for complex and onerous rules that require these poor adults to make payments ranging from $1 to $27per month into health savings accounts or risk losing their vision and dental benefits or even all their coverage, depending on their income level.
Indiana Medicaid officials say they added the newest lockout provision in an effort to prompt enrollees to get their paperwork submitted in time. The state initially requested a six-month lockout.
"Enforcement may encourage better compliance," the state officials wrote in their waiver application to CMS in July.
The new rule will lead to a 1 percent cut in Medicaid enrollment in the first year, state officials said. It will also lead to a $15 million reduction in Medicaid costs in 2018 and about $32 million in savings in 2019, the state estimated.
The number of Medicaid enrollees losing coverage for failing to comply with redetermining their eligibility has varied dramatically each quarter from a peak of 19,197 from February 2016 to April 2017 to 1,165 from November 2015 to January 2016, state reports show. In the latest state report, 12,470 enrollees lost coverage from August to October 2017.
The Kentucky Medicaid waiver approved by the Trump administration in January included a similar lockout provision for both failing to pay the monthly premiums or providing paperwork on time. Penalties there are six months for both measures. But the provision was overshadowed because of the attention to the first federal approval for a Medicaid work requirement.
Like Kentucky, Indiana's Medicaid waiver's work requirements, which mandate adult enrollees to work an average of 20 hours a month, go into effect in 2019. But Indiana's waiver is more lenient. It exempts people age 60 and over and its work-hour requirements are gradually phased in over 18 months. For example, enrollees need to work only five hours per week until their 10th month on the program.
Most Medicaid adult enrollees do work or go to school or are too sick to work, studies show.
Indiana also has a long list of exemptions and alternatives to employment. This includes attending school or job training, volunteering or caring for a dependent child or disabled parent. Nurses, doctors and physician assistants can give enrollees an exemption due to illness or injury.
Three patient advocacy groups have filed suit in federal court seeking to block the work requirements.
Kaiser Health News is a national health policy news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. Phil Galewitz is a senior correspondent for KHN.
Five Natural Treatments For Chickenpox
Chickenpox is also known as varicella and caused by varicella-zoster virus (VZV). It is very contagious disease and causes itching, blister-like rash, fever, and tiredness. Initially, the rash appears on the face, back and stomach and then spreads all over the body triggering around 250 and 500 itchy blisters. The major symptoms of chickenpox are a headache, fever, loss of appetite, pink & red blister filled bump on the entire body. Here are different home remedies for the treatment of chickenpox.
Baking Soda:
It relieves you from irritation and itchiness caused by chickenpox. Use this home remedy and get some relief. It is quite easy and simple to use baking soda.
Mix ½ tablespoon of baking soda in the glass of water. Put this solution on the affected area with the help of soft washcloth. Allow it to dry. Add ½ or 1 cup of baking soda in your bath water and soak in it.
Coriander and Carrots:
One of the best natural remedies for chickenpox is the soup of carrot and coriander. It heals the problem due to its antioxidants properties.
Take a cup of chopped carrots and 1 or ½ cup of fresh coriander leaves. Boil them in two and one-quarter cup of water. Leave it until half the amount of water evaporates. Take this soup once a day. Repeat it for one month. For more strength, you can eat boiled coriander leaves and boiled carrots.
Oatmeal:
Chickenpox causes itchiness which is very difficult to bear. An oatmeal bath will help you in relieving this itchiness.
Grind oatmeal into a fine powder. Take one-half gallon) of lukewarm water and Put the powdered oatmeal.
Honey:
Honey will help in healing the blisters caused by chickenpox. It also reduces the itchiness.
Coat the affected area with good quality and pure honey. Apply honey two to three times a day until scars are removed.
Brown Vinegar:
Brown vinegar is very effective and helpful remedy. It prevents scarring and heals lesions. It also gives you relive from skin irritation. It is quite simple to use. Add ½ cup of brown vinegar to lukewarm bathwater and then soak in the bathwater for almost 10 to 15 minutes.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
“Now if you told me this guy threw eight pick-sixes last year and played like a bum, had no talent, that's one thing,” Sherman told the newspaper. “But (Tampa Bay backup) Ryan Fitzpatrick, (Baltimore backup) Ryan Mallett or whoever is playing for the Jets right now — whoever is starting for the Jets is terrible — have jobs. You're telling me fans would rather you lose and put a worse player out there because a guy took a stand? That's where it's so troublesome to me.”
He remains a polarizing figure, a martyr to some, malcontent to others, and lightning rod for virtually everyone since he took a knee during the U.S. national anthem in the name of protesting social injustices.
Pointing out Kaepernick had 16 touchdown passes and four interceptions in Chip Kelly's offence last season, Sherman said the reason the quarterback doesn't have a job is the protests. “What is it about?” Sherman said. “It's not about football or colour. It's about, ‘Boy, stay in your place.' ”
Other have protest and continue to do so — Sherman's teammate, defensive end Michael Bennett, plans to sit during the anthem this season to protest social injustice, like Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch did on the weekend — but unlike them, Kaepernick is out of work.
It's a complex debate, one that in many ways transcends sports. Here's how some prominent football figures see it:
Warren Moon
NFL and CFL QB great
“Certain teams don't want to deal with the backlash of bringing him in. There is going to be a lot of controversy, a lot of distraction for their players to have to answer those types of questions. In training camp, teams just want things to be as normal as they possibly can be. That's part of it . . . And then there are certain offences that he just can't play in. He's just not good enough to play in those types of offences where you have to really go through your read progressions, throwing the ball down the field. But I still think as soon as one of these starters goes down (Kaepernick will catch on with a team).”
Tim Brown
Former all-pro receiver
“Obviously, if he's good enough to play in the league, he should be in the league. Yeah, he's probably gone down a little bit in the last few years, but he definitely should have a job in the NFL with some of these other quarterbacks that are out there, no doubt about it. But I think this is a valuable lesson for him. You're not bigger than the NFL. Certain things you really need to talk to people about before you do. This was big enough that he should have sought the advice of teammates, coaches, ownership, former players, somebody, before he did what he did. He just put himself in a position where it's me versus the world, and sometimes you lose that battle.”
Phil McConkey
Former Giants receiver and Naval Academy grad
“I think you're going to get diversity of opinions from military people. The majority of them will say, ‘Hey, that's why we do it, for people to have the right to express their views freely.' So as a military person it really didn't offend me. But I have a dad who's a cop, and I know how loving and compassionate my dad is. It's a really tough situation. Me personally, all I could think about was distractions . . . I want my quarterback, especially my starting quarterback, to have every bit of his fibre into this game. All the preparation during the week. I don't want his mind on something that's very controversial, that's going to bring attention to the team, and everybody's going to be talking about that.”
Leigh Steinberg
Top player agent
“I admire the courage of Colin Kaepernick in raising an issue. As a practical matter, placing him has some difficulties. Because does he really want to start over again at a minimum salary? And the answer seems to be no . . .
“Doing his stance on the flag was one thing. Had he been my client I would have advised him to do that outside the stadium. There are numerous ways to express free speech, and I encourage players to express themselves. They can write an article. They can march in a rally. They can donate money. They can give interviews. Doing it in a stadium is a slippery slope to me.”
Vox Lux
Haneke, Bonello, Von Trier, Campos, Ostlund, Assayas, Hansen-Løve, Baumbach. He cut his teeth working with some of the most gifted filmmakers of our time, but his masterwork directorial debut and double Venice Film Fest winner in The Childhood of a Leader (read review) is best informed by an encyclopedic knowledge of film history. To be filmed in 65mm large-format film and exhibit on 70mm large-format film, Vox Lux sees Corbet reteam with Lol Crawley, will feature a soundtrack signed by Sia, and lensing which began this week sees Natalie Portman and Jude Law (Mike Nichols' Closer) reteam. Stacy Martin who has been long attached to the project is also onboard.
This follows the rise of ‘Celeste' from the ashes of a major national tragedy to pop superstardom. The film spans 15 years and traces important cultural moments through the singer's eye, starting in 1999 and ending in the present day.
Release Date/Prediction: A return to the Venice Film Festival in the competition section appears to be very likely.
Photographer Shaniqwa Jarvis has shot advertising campaigns for Supreme, Nike and Adidas. She's shot portraits of Cardi B, Janelle Monáe and SZA. She's held solo exhibitions in London and Tokyo. She's capital-A accomplished. But if her work is exhilarating, it is also tiring. She is often confronted by industry peers who question whether she's capable of doing what she does, who scrutinize her credentials and wonder aloud whether she is suitable for the job and sometimes mistake her for the stylist when she shows up for shoots. “Even still to this day there are certain people who hire me who have never hired a black woman before,” she said recently. “They think there are so many differences and they start talking to me and they're like, oh my god, we're so similar.” This month, Jarvis released a self-titled book of her photographs, published by Baque Creative Press. She describes it as the greatest hits compilation, a record of her 20 years taking pictures in New York, Los Angeles and London. Fashion remains a notoriously racist industry, both in front of the camera and behind the scenes. It is particularly difficult for black women to succeed in both commercial photography and fine art. So a recent conversation about Jarvis' career doubled as a discussion of the obstacles she's faced.
Article Continued Below
“I've always felt like I'm chipping away at a concrete ceiling with a plastic, non-biodegradable toothbrush,” she said. “I must be happy in it because I feel like I'm constantly chipping. Everything I do: OK, that's another chip.” Raised in New York, Jarvis studied photography at Parsons, where she developed her ability to gain her subjects' trust and the hallmarks of her style: intimate pictures, often shot from below, that project softness and warmth. At the same time, she says she got a taste of the forces that would later work against her. She recalled a time when a professor asked one of her white classmates to take a high-profile brand assignment. He asked Jarvis to go as well — as an assistant.
“He was just like, ‘I think she's more suited for the situation.' And I was trying to figure it out, and I was like oh, better suited,” Jarvis said, gesturing toward her face. That incident led to her departure from Parsons, in 1999. Two years later, she landed a photo editor job at Time Out, where, soon enough, she encountered a similar situation. A white colleague whose job she was taking over told her his salary and implored her not to let the company pay her any less. But even after she asked, she was not given the raise. Understanding that she would not be able to move up at Time Out, Jarvis left in 2004 and began to work as a freelance photo editor for a range of publications, including Newsweek, Elle and InStyle. Hoping to better establish her career as a photographer, she left New York for Los Angeles in 2007. But her fortunes didn't change right away.
Article Continued Below
Jarvis worked odd jobs in production and styling, and found that things were even harder than they had been in New York. She moved again, to London, where she had a business meeting with an agent she'd never met before, who advised her to create a conceptual project, something she hadn't done since Parsons. “The meeting was very, very crap,” Jarvis recalled, laughing. “It was one of those meetings where I think anyone else would have walked out being like, I'm going to move back home, and I'm going to work in a bar.” But Jarvis took the advice. She began to take pictures of young men in their homes, and turned their portraits into her first show, “This Charming Man.” The 2011 exhibition was covered by street-style blogs like Hypebeast and HighSnobiety. And steadily, Jarvis began getting better work from more high-profile clients, including Stussy, Timberland, Siny, Vice, Riposte and The New York Times. Now that she is her own boss, her direct exposure to industry racism has lessened. But she still finds herself blinking twice at the things she hears in pre-production meetings, at the assumptions some clients make about her. Asked if she was worried about burnout, she explained her mindset. “I know what I want, and I don't want to let people's ignorance stop me from getting that,” she said. “I can never sit around and moan. As a black woman, I know that just out the gate. It's not going to be the same for me. Knowing that, having that already in me, I just go for it.”
Reed, Mitchell Will Return to Clemson
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson University men's basketball redshirt senior guards Marcquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell have both withdrawn from the NBA Draft and will both return to Clemson for the upcoming 2018-19 season, announced by head coach Brad Brownell on Wednesday afternoon.
“I'm thrilled that both Shelton and Marcquise decided to finish their careers at Clemson after both earned undergraduate degrees this spring,” said Brownell. “They are extremely talented players who play well together and should give us one of the better backcourts in the ACC. I'm counting on Shelton, Marcquise and Elijah Thomas to lead this group and build on the momentum of our Sweet 16 run last season.”
Reed led the Tigers in scoring last year (15.8 ppg) with 553 points and averaged a career-best 4.7 rebounds and 3.3 assists per contest. Mitchell posted a career-best 12.2 points and 3.0 rebounds per game, while tallying a career-high 119 assists (3.6 apg).
Clemson finished the season 25-10, including 11-7 in the ACC and earned the program's fourth trip to the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament.
Clemson Athletics contributed to this article.
CLOSE Project Blue Light honors officers fallen in the life of duty at Farragut United Methodist Church on Saturday, December 9, 2017. CALVIN MATTHEIS/KNOXVILLE NEWS SENTINEL
Buy Photo Knox County Sheriff officer Nathan Stachey holds son Easton, 5, during a Project Blue Light ceremony at Farragut United Methodist Church in Farragut, Tennessee on Saturday, December 9, 2017. The ceremony honored active officers and those who have fallen in the line of duty. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis/News Sentinel)Buy Photo
The Middle and East Tennessee Chapter of Concerns of Police Survivors, or COPS, held a Project Blue Light ceremony at First Farragut United Methodist Church this weekend to honor the area's law enforcement officers and those who have fallen in the line of duty.
The ceremony, which featured performance from Barney Fife impersonator Sammy Sawyer, was organized by Mabel Teague and Sabrina Gunderson 10 years after the organization last organized a Project Blue Light event.
Gunderson said their aim was to make sure that the officers got the recognition and support they deserved and to have the event grow every year.
Buy Photo Morgan Overton, wife of Knox County Sheriff officer Jason Overton, left, holds their son Major, 5, during a Project Blue Light ceremony at Farragut United Methodist Church in Farragut, Tennessee on Saturday, December 9, 2017. The ceremony honored active officers and those who have fallen in the line of duty. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis/News Sentinel)
"It's been 10 years, so we're really hoping to build this and make it grow so that each year that we do it, it gets bigger and bigger," she said. "We want to make sure these officer know that they're loved and cared about."
Close to 50 people were present for the ceremony, which was opened and closed with the presentation of the flag by six members of Boy Scout Troop 444. Of the close to 10 officers honored during the ceremony, the majority were members of the Knox County Sheriff's Office.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jmwE2D
India is leading as Asia's fastest-growing large economy and it will continue to be on that track in early 2017 growing at 7.6 percent, according to the Asian Development Bank Outlook 2016 report.Myanmar continued its growth in 2016 despite witnessing a cyclone and intense rains that caused widespread flooding and landslides displacing over 1.6 million people, devastating one-fifth of all cultivated land, in 2015.The ADB's flagship annual economic publication, Asian Development Outlook 2016, said that foreign direct investment in India has remained strong.For Cambodia's economy, the ADB says the country's GDP is expected to expand by 7.0 percent in 2016 before edging up slightly in 2017.The ADB upgraded growth forecasts for China. GDP growth forecasts for China were revised up to 6.6 percent in 2016 and 6.4 percent in 2017. (DataLeads/ANN)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER West Scranton's Julianna Beidler throws to first base for an out during Monday's game against Abington Heights. JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Abington Heights' Nina Kozar bumps fists with coach John Kelly as she rounds third base after hitting a grand slam against West Scranton on Monday while her teammates wait to greet her at home plate. Kozar finished with five RBIs in an 11-4 win.
S. ABINGTON TWP. — Sophomore Nina Kozar understands the role of the cleanup hitter.
She accomplished it with one swing of the bat.
Kozar launched a towering grand slam to center, the biggest part of a five-RBI afternoon, as Abington Heights posted an 11-4 win over visiting West Scranton in Division I play Monday.
“In the four hole, my job is essentially to clear the bases,” said Kozar, whose homer was the first of her career. “I'm always looking for that pitch that I'm able to drive. Regardless if it's inside or outside, I know I need to go with it.
“It was such a good feeling. Right when it comes off the bat, that whole feel of it, and then the whole team being there and supporting me is a great feeling.”
Kozar's bomb followed another two-out hit, an RBI single by Cassidy Bartkowski, that snapped a 1-1 tie after West's Tyler Profka drilled a long, solo homer in the top of the inning.
The two-out knocks by Bartkowski also snapped a 1-for-8 effort through three innings with runners in scoring position.
“We left a lot of runners in scoring position, especially early,” Abington Heights coach John Kelly said. “We had bases loaded and didn't capitalize.
“We came through a couple times tonight with big two-out hitting, but we have to get a little more consistent.”
Leadoff hitter Mara Hamm set the table perfectly for the Lady Comets, reaching base in all five of her plate appearances and scoring three times.
“My job is to work the count, hi the ball, take walks,” Hamm said. “It's more about small ball and getting on base, and that's what I'm doing.
“We hit the crap out of the ball. I get on base as leadoff hitter and everyone hits the ball and drives me in. We're all making contributions.”
Catcher Catherine Anne Kupinski led the team with three hits, and Bartkowski and Naudia Solan had two apiece for Abington Heights, which has won three straight to move into first place after an 11-0 loss to Valley View.
“I think we were a little embarrassed by that loss,” said Kelly, whose team has 31 runs and 31 hits in its last two games. “We made a lot of mistakes, and to be honest, I didn't have them ready to play.”
It's a loss which seems to have refocused the team.
“Our girls responded to it,” Kelly said. “That early in the season, a loss like that can be good. It can put the season in perspective. Especially a lot of girls who played last year and went on that long run (state semifinals), I think they thought a little too highly of our team. We have a lot of freshmen playing, and it's going to take some time to gel. Hats off to them that they've responded the way they have.”
West Scranton also responded after Kozar's homer, bouncing back to make it a 6-4 game, thanks in part to an RBI single by Tatum Repshis, one of her two hits, and an RBI groundout by Julianna Beidler.
The Lady Comets put it away with four more in the bottom of the fifth, with winning pitcher Meghan McGinley and Bartkowski delivering big hits.
West Scranton Abington Heights
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Rose c 4 1 1 0 Hamm dp 3 3 1 0
Miller p 4 1 1 0 Kane cf 5 1 1 0
Repshis cf 4 1 2 1 Bartkwski ss 3 1 2 2
Beidler ss 2 0 0 1 Kozar 1b 3 1 1 5
Ross 3b 3 0 0 0 DeMatteo 3b 4 0 0 0
Reese ph 1 0 0 0 Kupinski c 4 2 3 1
Dougher lf 3 0 0 0 Solan 2b 3 1 2 0
Cast ph 1 0 0 0 McGinley p 2 2 1 1
Profka 1b 3 1 1 1 Olevnik rf 1 0 0 0
Turi dp 4 0 0 0 Kelly ph 1 0 0 0
Woyshnar 2b 3 0 1 0 Mecca ph 0 0 0 0
Kane rf 0 0 0 0 Fiorillo rf 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 4 5 3 Totals 29 11 11 9
West Scranton 000 130 0 — 4
Abington Heights 100 541 x — 11
HR: Tyler Profka (WS), Nina Kozar (AH).
West Scranton IP H R ER BB SO
Miller, LP 5 1/3 11 11 9 8 2
Woyshnar 2/3 0 0 0 1 0
Abington Heights IP H R ER BB SO
McGinley, WP 7 6 4 2 2 6
Records: WS 2-2, AH 4-1.
Delaware Valley 10, Honesdale 0
At Delaware Valley, Steph O'Grady had four hits and drove in two runs, while Taylor Randazzo and Corinne Randazzo each had two hits and scored two runs, and Lyndsay Floystad added two hits for the winners.
Honesdale Delaware Valley
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Gardas lf 3 0 1 0 TRandazzo cf 4 2 2 1
Houck rf 3 0 0 0 CRandazzo c 4 2 2 1
Lesek p 2 0 1 0 O'Grady ss 4 1 4 2
Price cf 2 0 0 0 Quinn 2b 4 1 1 0
Jones 3b 2 0 0 0 Silva dp 2 0 0 0
Rembisch dp 2 0 1 0 Johns 3b 1 1 1 0
Potter 1b 2 0 0 0 Recksiek 1b 4 1 1 1
Wood c 2 0 0 0 Floystad rf 2 0 1 0
Cummings ss 1 0 0 0 Brittain rf 2 1 1 0
Stephens ph 1 0 0 0 Floystad p 4 1 2 2
Miszler ss 1 0 0 0 Buckley lf 3 0 0 0
Totals 21 0 3 0 Totals 34 10 15 7
Honesdale 000 000 0 — 0
Delaware Valley 512 002 x — 10
3B: Taylor Randazzo (DV).
Honesdale IP H R ER BB SO
Lesek, LP 5 15 10 7 0 2
Delaware Valley IP H R ER BB SO
Floystad, WP 6 3 0 0 0 0
Records: DV 4-1, HON 0-5.
Mid Valley 7, Riverside 3
At Mid Valley, Lacy Harrington had two hits, including a double and drove in two runs to lead the Spartanettes in Division III.
Abbie Mills had two hits, including a double, winning pitcher Mia Pawelski had two hits, an RBI and had 10 strikeouts, and Breann Delgado added two hits for the winners.
Abigail Rushefski had a pair of doubles and Haley Tilsberry had two hits for Riverside.
Riverside Mid Valley
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Tilberry ss 3 1 2 0 Jason 2b 4 2 1 1
Capalongo ss 1 0 0 0 Delgado 3b 4 1 2 0
Wolf cf 4 0 0 0 Pawelski p 3 0 2 1
Chickeletti 2b 4 1 1 0 Mills c 4 2 2 0
Kemler c 2 0 0 0 Harringtn 1b 3 0 2 2
Weller p 3 0 0 0 Mitchko dp 3 1 1 0
Santarsiero p 0 0 0 0 Owens ss 3 0 0 0
Scardo lf 3 0 0 0 Kalinoski rf 2 0 0 0
Antoniacci 3b 3 0 1 0 Laboranti ph 1 1 1 0
Rempe 1b 3 0 0 0 Morano lf 2 0 1 1
Rushefski rf 3 1 2 0 Kalinoski cf 0 0 0 0
Totals 29 3 6 0 Totals 29 7 12 5
Riverside 001 020 0 — 3
Mid Valley 111 022 x — 7
2B: Abbie Mills (MV), Abigail Rushefski (RIV) 2, Julia Antoniacci (RIV), Breana Delgado (MV), Lacy Harrington (MV). 3B: Emily Morano (MV).
Riverside IP H R ER BB SO
Weller 4 4 3 2 2 4
Santarsiero, LP 2 8 4 4 0 3
Mid Valley IP H R ER BB SO
Pawelski, WP 7 6 3 0 1 10
Records: MV 2-0, 3-0, RIV 2-1, 2-1.
Holy Cross 7, Old Forge 6
At St. Anthony's Playground, Holy Cross rallied for two runs in the bottom of the sixth to edge Old Forge.
The winning run scored when Abby Anderson slid into third and dislodged the ball, which rolled into foul territroy. Anderson had an RBI single to tie the game.
Old Forge Holy Cross
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Nocera cf 3 2 2 0 Anderson cf 4 1 1 1
Breig ss 3 1 1 1 Leppo ss 3 1 0 0
Holzman p 4 1 2 3 Ross 3b 3 1 1 0
Evans c 3 0 0 0 Perechnsky c 2 0 1 0
Acevedo 2b 4 0 1 0 Walsh ph/p 3 1 0 0
Domiano 1b 4 1 2 0 Martillotti lf 3 2 2 2
Pepsin rf 4 0 3 1 Bradley 1b 2 0 2 1
Florovito lf 2 0 0 0 Krupski pr 0 1 0 0
Wilcox ph 2 0 0 0 Torre dp 2 0 1 1
Zimmerman 3b 3 1 1 0 Gilhooley 2b 1 0 1 1
McGee rf 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 6 12 5 Totals 23 7 9 6
Old Forge 220 110 0 — 6
Holy Cross 023 002 x — 7
2B: Grace Perechinsky (HC), Rose Martillotti (HC), Alexandra Nocera (OF), Nella Pepsin (OF), Hannah Acevedo (OF), Camryn Domiano (OF). HR: Corianne Holzman (OF).
Old Forge IP H R ER BB SO
Holzman, LP 6 9 7 6 4 2
Holy Cross IP H R ER BB SO
Walsh, WP 7 12 6 3 3 5
Records: HC 2-0, 3-0, OF 0-3, 0-3.
Elk Lake 12, Susquehanna 1
At Susquehanna, Justine Johns had three hits, Whitney Tyler and Abigail Johns each had three RBIs in Elk Lake's six-inning victory in Division IV.
Amanda Mowry tossed a two-hitter with seven strikeouts for the Lady Warriors.
Brittany Burlingame had an RBI triple for Susquehanna.
Elk Lake Susquehanna
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Tyler 3b 5 1 1 3 Iveson p 2 0 1 0
Bennett cf 4 0 0 1 Swartz 3b 3 0 0 0
Johns 2b 4 3 3 0 Glover 1b 1 1 0 0
McAleer 1b 4 2 1 1 Steele lf 3 0 0 0
Johns dp 3 2 1 3 Burlingame c 3 0 1 1
Mowry p 1 1 0 0 Hackett ss 2 0 0 0
Jenner lf 2 1 1 1 Bennett ph 0 0 0 0
Hunsinger cf 2 1 1 0 Conklin 2b 2 0 0 0
Yonkin rf 3 1 1 2 Heath ph 1 0 0 0
Ives ss 4 0 0 1 Frye rf 2 0 0 0
Lawrence c 0 0 0 0 Towner cf 1 0 0 0
Benson ph 1 0 0 0
Totals 32 12 9 12 Totals 21 1 2 1
Elk Lake 021 333 0 — 12
Susquehanna 000 100 0 — 1
2B: Justine Johns (EL). 3B: Justine Johns (EL), Brittany Burlingame (SUS).
Elk Lake IP H R ER BB SO
Mowry, WP 6 2 1 1 4 7
Susquehanna IP H R ER BB SO
Iveson, LP 6 9 12 5 5 4
Records: EL 2-1. 2-1, SUS 0-3, 0-3.
Montrose 11, Mountain View 0
At Mountain View, Jolee Smith and Betsy Warner each had doubles and drove in two runs to lead the Lady Meteors.
Hailey Rapisardi had a triple, Claudia Cordner had two hits and Madelynn Guinane pitched a one-hitter and had 13 strikeouts.
Montrose Mountain View
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Cordner ss 4 3 2 0 Neri 2b 2 0 0 0
Guinane p 4 2 1 0 Bell p 2 0 0 0
Rapisardi 1b 3 1 1 0 Adams ss 2 0 0 0
Smith 3b 3 1 1 2 Perez cf 2 0 1 0
Warner lf 3 1 1 2 O'Brien 3b 2 0 0 0
Weidow dh 0 1 0 0 Rumola lf 2 0 0 0
Newhart cf 1 0 0 0 Williams c 2 0 0 0
Short c 3 1 0 1 Evans 1b 1 0 0 0
McNamara rf 2 1 1 0 Hamil rf 1 0 0 0
Diaz 2b 3 0 0 0
Totals 26 11 7 5 Totals 16 0 1 0
Montrose 222 50 — 11
Mountain View 000 00 — 0
Game called in 5th — 10-run rule
2B: Betsy Warner (MON), Jolee Smith (MON). 3B: Hailey Rapisardi (MON).
Montrose IP H R ER BB SO
Guinane, WP 5 1 0 0 0 13
Mountain View IP H R ER BB SO
Bell, LP 5 7 11 9 5 0
Records: MON 3-0, 3-0, MV 0-2, 0-3.
Forest City 4, Blue Ridge 3
At Forest City, winning pitcher Kary Gillette had seven strikouts and added a double and RBI for the Lady Foresters.
Caitlyn Bonham had a triple, and Madeline Bailer and Heather Agentovich each had two hits for Forest City.
Hunter Vaughn had two hits for Blue Ridge.
Blue Ridge Forest City
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Sommer c 4 0 1 0 Agentvch ss 4 0 2 0
Wyatt 3b 4 1 1 0 Pelick dp 3 1 0 0
Vaughn 1b 4 0 2 0 Gillespie 3b 0 0 0 0
Glover ss 3 0 1 1 Gillette p 3 1 1 1
Marvin 2b 1 1 0 0 Lewis cf 3 1 1 0
Calla cf 2 1 1 0 Bonham 2b 3 1 1 1
Layton dp 2 0 0 0 Bailer c 3 0 2 1
Marcy ph 1 0 0 0 Kowalwski lf 3 0 1 1
Goff p 0 0 0 0 Gasper 1b 3 0 1 0
Gudykunst lf 3 0 0 0 Kernschk rf 3 0 1 0
Guzy rf 3 0 0 0
Totals 27 3 6 1 Totals 28 4 10 4
Blue Ridge 000 210 0 — 3
Forest City 000 130 x — 4
2B: Kary Gillette (FC). 3B: Caitlyn Bonham (FC), Madeline Bailer (FC).
Blue Ridge IP H R ER BB SO
Goff, LP 6 10 4 4 1 3
Forest City IP H R ER BB SO
Gillette, WP 7 6 3 1 3 7
Records: FC 2-2, 2-1, BR 0-2, 0-3.
Scranton Prep 9
Western Wayne 8
At Scranton Prep, Lauren Cawley had two hits, including a home run and drove in two runs, Tessa Davis had two hits and three RBIs and Reilly Ruane had three hits, including a triple and drove in a run for the winners in a Division I-II crossover.
Michaela Zdzarski had two hits, including a double, and scored a pair of runs, while Gracie Guarino had a double and two RBIs for Western Wayne.
Western Wayne Scranton Prep
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Sauter cf 4 2 1 0 Ferraro ss 4 1 1 0
Sosa dh 4 0 0 1 Holtzmastr p 3 0 1 1
MakRose 1b 4 0 0 1 Hatala ph 1 0 1 0
MacRose ss 4 1 1 1 Woronko lf 4 1 1 0
Pontosky 3b 4 0 1 1 Gorzkwski c 3 0 1 2
Zdzarski rf 4 2 2 0 Cawley cf 3 3 2 2
Bagnick p 4 1 1 0 Ruane 3b 4 2 3 1
Christina dp 2 0 1 1 Davis 1b 3 0 2 3
Guarino 2b 1 1 1 2 Tigue rf 3 1 1 0
Hollister 2b 2 1 0 0 Savage 2b 3 1 1 0
Kromko ph 1 0 0 0
Totals 34 8 8 7 Totals 31 9 14 9
Western Wayne 100 010 6 — 8
Scranton Prep 030 031 2 — 9
2B: Michaela Zdzarski (WW), Tessa Davis (SP), Gracie Guarino (WW), Isabella Gorzkowski (SP). 3B: Reilly Ruane (SP). HR: Lauren Cawley (SP).
Western Wayne IP H R ER BB SO
Bagnick, LP 6 14 9 8 1 2
Scranton Prep IP H R ER BB SO
Holtzmaster, WP 7 8 8 3 0 4
Records: SP 3-2, WW 1-4.
Dunmore 8, Lackawanna Trail 0
At Dunmore, Gina Tallo tossed a three-hit shutout with eight strikeouts and also helped her cause with a three-run double in the Lady Bucks' win in a Division III-IV game.
Marlena Pegula added four hits and three RBIs for Dunmore and Tommi Jane Golden chipped in three hits and one RBI.
Lackawanna Trail Dunmore
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Lee ss 2 0 1 0 Frable 1b 3 0 1 0
Decker p 3 0 1 0 Lucas 2b 4 1 0 0
Baltrusaitis c 3 0 0 0 Tallo p 2 2 2 3
Cresswell 2b 3 0 0 0 Pavlowski dp 4 1 1 1
Dunckle 1b 3 0 0 0 Pegula cf 4 1 4 3
Peoples 3b 3 0 0 0 Mandano 3b 4 0 1 0
Penn rf 2 0 0 0 Golden c 4 1 3 1
Zajac ph 1 0 0 0 Comprtta ss 2 1 0 0
Strauch cf 2 0 1 0 Chairo ph 1 0 0 0
Rosengrant dp 0 0 0 0 Summa lf 2 1 1 0
Weisenfluh dp 1 0 0 0 Cantarlla ph 1 0 0 0
Lechinski 2b 0 0 0 0 Frable rf 0 0 0 0
Totals 23 0 3 0 Totals 31 8 13 8
Lackawanna Trail 000 000 0 — 0
Dunmore 002 312 x — 8
2B: Gina Tallo (DUN), Mia Mandarano (DUN), Marlena Pegula (DUN), Tommi Jane Golden (DUN), Megan Pavlowski (DUN).
Lackawanna Trail IP H R ER BB SO
Decker, LP 6 13 8 5 5 5
Dunmore IP H R ER BB SO
Tallo, WP 7 3 0 0 1 8
NEW YORK—A man with a pipe bomb strapped to him set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour. All four were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters. Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labelled it an attempted terror attack.
Article Continued Below
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
Police and other first responders headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal Monday to investigate an explosion. One person injured in the blast was the suspect, who was described only as a male. ( BRYAN R. SMITH / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Law enforcement officials said he was inspired by Daesh, also known as ISIS or ISIL, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast. Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device. They were investigating how it was made, and combing through surveillance footage that captured the blast on video.
A video posted on social media showed the security footage. In it, a man walks through the crowded pedestrian tunnel and the bomb suddenly going off in a plume of white smoke. Through the smoke, the suspect is then seen sprawled on the ground as bystanders flee. Fire officials said the suspect had burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches. Police are investigating whether Ullah intended to set off the device in the walkway, or whether he had meant to do it in a busier location. A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind his back. The explosion triggered a massive response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal. Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” she said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'” John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react. “I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.” New York has seen its share of terror attacks in recent years. On Oct. 31, a man drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center, killing eight people. Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving. Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down for a few hours — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour. But by 10 a.m., much of the area had returned to normal. Authorities said by evening rush hour everything would be re-opened. New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that U.S. President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
Read more about:
In her novel Someone Like You, Sarah Dessen writes one of the truest phrases ever to appear on a page: “Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.” It is about time we celebrated more with the friends who enrich our lives in inexplicable ways. Break free from the confines of formal holidays and create new ways to celebrate with your friends. Throw a party on a Wednesday night; fill your apartment with balloons. Celebrate nontraditional days. Make life extra special by grabbing your best buddy one of these 12 half-birthday gift ideas for your friends this year.
In society today a lot of emphasis is placed on the importance of romantic love — so much so, the true vitality of companionate love shared between friends is often overlooked. Granted, wanting a romantic partner is normal; humans are social animals with a reasonable desire for physical intimacy and affection. But, I think we should celebrate the importance of friends more — not just on Thanksgiving or Galentine's Day. True friends are a saving grace, and should be celebrated. But who says you have to wait until an ~official~ holiday to celebrate? It's 2018, the world is your oyster, every month you're alive should be a celebration. Here are some half-birthday gift ideas for inspo, if you need any.
1. Cactus Desk Organizer
Came Tidy Recommended Cactus Desk Organizer, $19, ModCloth
Not only will it help your BFF keep their things organized, this prickly number is as precious as it gets.
2. Memory Book
One Line a Day: A Five-Year Memory Book, $19, ModCloth
This is a gift that is perfect for your particularly sentimental pal. The guided journal has one prompt each day for five years, encouraging the writer to relish in the little joys of each day.
3. Mini Kitty Planter
Peropon Cat Self Watering Wild Strawberry Planter, $14, Urban Outfitters
This little kitty is designed to help a wild strawberry bloom as big and beautifully as the live between you and your friend.
4. Mini Sriracha To Go
Sriracha To-Go Bottle Keychain, $8, Urban Outfitters
This itty bitty Sriracha keychain serves as a good reminder to your friend to seek out things that keep life spicy and interesting.
5. Heart Mug
Coffee Lover Mug, $12, Urban Outfitters
With this mug you can give your friend your heart AND a cup of coffee. If that's not love, I don't know what is.
6. Mini Instax Frame
Mini Instax Acrylic Block Frame, $6 (or two for $8) Urban Outfitters
Have a BFF who is a shutterbug? Gift them one of these cute, understated frames to display a pic of you two. Or, snag two and pair each with a photo of one another.
7. Succulents
Shop Succulents Unique Succulent (Collection of 5) $15.99, Amazon
Who doesn't love a succulent? Treat your friend to the trendiest (and easiest to care for) plant to show them how much faith you have in their ability to keep something alive.
8. Custom BFF Candle
Personalized Candle Best Friend Candle, $15+, Etsy
Nothing says "spa day" like a scented candle. And nothing says "thoughtful" like a PERSONALIZED candle. Snag this sweet one for your best friend when you know they're in need of some R and R.
9. Patterned Photo Album
Instax Patterned Photo Album, $10, Urban Outfitters
Have a ton of old Instax photos of your pals that are floating around your desk? Stick 'em in a pretty album. It's convenient AND fashionable.
10. Mini Heart Waffle Maker
Heart-Shaped Mini Waffle Maker, $14, Urban Outfitters
If Leslie Knope is right about one thing, it is the value of a waffle. Make 'em with this to transmit a not-so-secret message.
11. Home State Key Chain
Personalized State Keychain, $15+, Etsy
Perfect for those long-distance best friends you don't get to see nearly often enough.
12. Rosé Chocolate Bar
Compartes ROSÉ Chocolate Bar, $9.95, Compartes
This one needs very little explanation. Who could say no to a PINK chocolate bar?
Our attention has been drawn to a publication at page 29 of The Punch Newspaper of Friday, August 11, 2017 purportedly published by a phantom “disciplinary Committee” of Ward C, Mushin Local Government.
Sir, we, the undersigned, are the Party Chairman and Secretary of the Executive Committee of Ward C, Mushin Local Government and acting on behalf of the ward Executive and the entire ward, say with no doubt whatsoever that neither the publication nor the phantom disciplinary committee emanated from the Ward C Executive Committee as known to the National Secretariat of the Party pursuant to the Congress of 2014. The persons purporting to have authored the publication are unknown to us in the Ward nor are they members of the ward.
Sir, the National Secretariat is the custodian of the Party records and is in a position to confirm the persons that are the members of the Executive Committee of Ward C, Mushin Local Government duly elected at congress. Our meetings are held at No. 18/20, Layi Oyekanmi Street, Mushin, Lagos which also serves as the Party Secretariat for the Local Government and no where else.
We, the members of Ward C, Mushin Local Government Ward C Executive Committee, chose to keep silent on this issue due to our decision not to externalise party issues. However, in view of unfettered falsehood being ingloriously fed to the members of the public in the name of Ward C and the attendant crass lawlessness with which the perpetrators execute their lies and denigrations, silence is not only insalubriously acquiescent but also criminal. It is important for us to set the record straight and save the members of the public from the unwholesome activities of these mischief-makers and the confusion they are creating in the Party.
Sir, the Ward C, Mushin Local Government Executive Committee is not aware of any infraction committed by the National Legal Adviser of the Party, Dr. Muiz Banire. We have not received any letter or complaint from any person or group of persons purporting to report any infraction committed by Dr. Banire. The letter forming part of the Punch Newspaper publication referred to earlier was never received by any member of the duly constituted Executive Committee of Ward C, Mushin Local Government.
We have not set up any disciplinary committee because there is no need for such. As noted earlier, we, the members of the Ward C, Mushin Local Government Executive Committee, state that the publication should be disregarded in its entirety. It is simply an act of the mischievous people set up to denigrate the Party.
To show that the nefarious characters behind this publication are unknown to the party with absolutely no understanding of the Party Constitution, it was this same set of riff raffs that had earlier made a publication wherein they claimed to have suspended/expelled the same Dr. Muiz Banire from the Party.
Is it that these confused lots seek to apply disciplinary measures to a person they had purportedly expelled? Sir, we do not mince words in saying that these destructive fellows are rabble-rousers that have no connection with our great Party. May the day never come when we surrender the affairs of the Party to meddlesome interlopers whose singular aim is to throw the party into unbridled chaos?. We say without fear of contradiction that they are not the leaders of the Party.
To show the abysmal depth of the confusion these entities have fallen to, they copied one Sola Osobajo who they claimed to be the APC Mushin Local Government Chairman. Sir, the records of the Party will show that the person named is not the Chairman of the Party in Mushin Local Government. As the record of the Party will confirm, the elected Chairman of the Party in Mushin Local Government is Aremo M. O. Ikufisile and he still leads the Mushin local Government chapter of the Party. If we do not act now and allow these entities to continue in their untoward activities, they may wake up one day and decide to apportion names for all elected offices in the Party including the office of the National Chairman.
It is of utmost important for us to seek the protection of the Nigerian Police Force as our family members and we have been receiving unending threats to our lives. Sir, our decision to abide by the provisions of the Party Constitution in the conduct of our activities and discharge of the functions of our office has made us victims of ceaseless threats.
Sir, once again, we use your esteem medium to urge the members of the public to disregard the activities of these impostors and their shadow directors. We urge the National Legal Adviser to disregard the purported invitation as well the National Headquarters of the Party to ignore same.
For the avoidance of doubt, we urge the members of the Public that are still doubtful of the authentic leaders of the Ward and the Local Government, particularly journalists who continue to glorify the marauders as Mushin APC leaders, to contact the National Secretariat of the Party for verification and authentication. It is simply MISINFORMATION to continue to regard them as our leaders in Mushin Local Government.
We urge all members in the ward as well as the Local Government to continue to remain calm in the face of the unprovoked acts.
By the Grace of God, the Truth Shall Prevail.
For and on Behalf of the Member of All Progressicves Congress in Ward C, Mushin Local Government, Lagos State and the Mushin local Government Chapter.
NEW DELHI: Chief minister Arvind Kejriwal has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, asking him to reconsider a decision on sugar subsidy that affects the poor. Deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said that due to the decision, taken by the Cabinet committee on economic affairs under the.... timesofindia 10:48:00 PM CEST
09:08
Woman injured
Police say the nature of the woman's injuries are unknown at this stage but may be serious because of the launching of the air ambulance.
We are getting more as information comes in from the scene.
Published:
Senator Dino Melaye on Tuesday jumped out of a police moving vehicle conveying him to Kogi state and ran into a thick bush, thereby suffering neck injury. CKN News understands the senator has been taken to Zanklin Hospital in Abuja. It was gathered that police operatives had also jumped out of the vehicle and gave the fleeing lawmaker a hot chase.
The senator was being taken to Kogi for arraignment over allegation that he supplied arms to some murder suspects in the state. Police authorities had declared Melaye wanted over his refusal to report at the Kogi State Police Command for questioning. But the senator has since denied the allegation, describing it as politically motivated.
CKN News had reported that the senator from Kogi West was arrested by police operatives and then detained in a facility opposite the old Central Bank of Nigeria junction along the Area 1 Expressway in Abuja. Melaye was on Monday barred from travelling to Morocco for an official assignment by men of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) due to an order from INTERPOL.
Meanwhile, no fewer than 30 heavily armed policemen have stormed Zankili Medical Centre in Abuja to the rearrest Senator Dino Melaye.
See More Photos Below;
Share This
For more information on the events below and others, visit the city's newsletter at http://bit.ly/2B1lMOm.
Garden of Lights
The San Diego Botanic Garden, 230 Quail Gardens Drive, is transformed into a dazzling winter wonderland with over 100,000 sparkling lights for a magical holiday experience. With horse-drawn wagon rides, holiday crafts, marshmallow roasting, live entertainment, food, hot mulled wine (on select nights) and visit with Santa.The event takes place every night, except Christmas Eve and Christmas, through Dec. 30 from 5 to 9 p.m. Tickets range in price from $5 to $15, with children up to 2 years admitted for free.For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2naC0im.
Come Together: Community Musician Project
Camarada invites members of the community who play string, woodwind, brass and percussion instruments, to perform in concert along with professional musicians under the baton of Maestro Roger Kalia. To prepare participants, a sectional and rehearsal will take place. The repertoire to be performed at the concert will be Ravel's seductive Bolero & Marquez's spirited Danzon No.2.
Sectionals and Musician Development Workshop: Jan. 6 from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Full Rehearsal: Jan. 14 from 3:45 to 5:10 p.m. Concert: Jan. 14 from 5:30 to 6:45 p.m.
All events will take place at the Encinitas Community and Senior Center, 1140 Oakcrest Park Drive. Concert: free. Participant fee: $85.
Register Info: 619-231-3702. The program is funded in part by the City of Encinitas and Mizel Family Foundation Community Grant Program.
LIFE Foreign Film: 'Barbara'
LIFE San Elijo will host a free screening of the German film, "Barbara," Dec. 15 from 1 to 3 p.m. on the San Elijo Campus of MiraCosta College, 3333 Manchester Avenue, Room 201.
In the film, an East Berlin doctor working in the 1980s Germany finds herself banished to a small country hospital for applying for an exit visa. As her lover from the West carefully plots her escape, Barbara waits patiently and avoids friendships with her colleagues-except for the hospital's head physician, who is warmly attentive to her.
For more information about this screening, with English subtitles, email lifesanelijo@gmail.com.
Elks National Hoop Shoot
Youth ages 8 to 13 can participate in a free throw contest through the Elk's Hoop Shoot program Dec. 16 at 10 a.m. at the Boys and Girls Club, 1221 Encinitas Boulevard.
To RSVP for this free event, email ElksHoopShootEncinitas@gmail.com. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2jxMnvE.
Families Make History: Hand-painted Tiles
Create your own hand-painted tile using an array of art supplies and your imagination every Saturday and Sunday in December from noon to 4 p.m. at San Dieguito Heritage Museum, 450 Quail Gardens Drive.
For more information about this free weekly event, call 760-632-9711.
Visit with Santa
Come to downtown Encinitas and spend some quality time with Santa Dec. 16 from 3 to 5 p.m. Receive a free digital photo, courtesy of Shadowcatcher Imagery.
For more information about this free event, visit http://bit.ly/2A96Ez6.
Mitzvot on the Farm: The Miracle of Hanukkah
Parents of preschoolers can deepen their child's connection to nature during an interactive, multi-sensory class exploring Hanukkah on Dec. 17 from 10 to 11:30 a.m. at Coastal Roots Farm, 441 Saxony Road.
For more information about this free event, visit http://bit.ly/2BAHFVI.
Public Food Forest Tour
Learn about food forestry, silvopasture, soil building, perennial planting, crops that do well in our coastal climate and more on Dec. 17 at 3 p.m. at Coastal Roots Farm, 441 Saxony Road.Admission is a suggested donation of $15.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2BAHFVI.
Chocolate Gelt Factory
Get messy at this Chocolate Gelt Factory that goes from cacao bean to chocolate coin on Dec. 17 from 10 a.m. to noon at Jewish Encinitas, 2059 Village Park Way.
While your chocolate hardens, learn engineering techniques to wire your own electric menorah. The cost is $18 per family.
For more information, call 760-586-6192.
Prodigy Players: Ho Ho Ho! The Santa Claus Chronicles
Your host Candy Cane will have you singing carols, dancing with elves and even catching a couple snowflakes Dec. 17 at 1 p.m. at Encinitas Library, 540 Cornish Drive.
Prodigy Players is a children's theater troupe for actors ages 6 to 12 years and presents free performances twice a year.
For more information about this free event, visit http://bit.ly/2Au2wK6.
Concert: Classical Guitarist Alejandro Olson
Alejandro Olson will perform works by J. Dowland, J.S. Bach, D. Aguado, J. Turina as well as other luminaries of the guitar on Dec. 17 at 4 p.m. at Encinitas Library, 540 Cornish Drive.
Tickets are $20.
For more information, call 760-978-0643.
La Paloma Theatre
Now showing: Loving Vincent, The Florida Project, Loving Vincent and Rocky Horror Picture Show. Tickets: $10 (cash only). 471 Coast Hwy. 101. For show times, call 760-436-7469.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones confirmed that midfielder Cameron McGeehan suffered a broken leg against Portsmouth this afternoon.
The 21-year-old went down in agony on 15 minutes after what looked an innocuous challenge with Michael Doyle and was eventually stretchered off.
Speaking afterwards, Jones admitted the worst about the injury, while also revealing the club had recently turned down another offer for his services too.
He said: “We think it's a leg break and that's the frustrating thing for us, because he's in wonderful form.
“We've just turned down a lot of money for him so it's a real travesty for the kid and a travesty for us.
“He's just gone to hospital to have an x-ray so that's been confirmed.
“We've had inquiries about him, he trusts us with his future, it's just sad it's happened today in such a big game as well.
"That kid just wants to play football, wants to get better, wants to develop, you know he's injured, so it's a sad one and we hope that he recovers quickly."
On how long he thought McGeehan might be out for, Jones said: “I don't know, I can't say too much now as we haven't had the full diagnosis.
“But we'll just make sure he comes back safe so he'll continue his progression.”
Meanwhile, when asked what he thought about the tackle from Doyle, Jones said: “I'll have to see it again before I comment on it as I wouldn't like to comment if it wasn't (a foul).
“At the minute, it's just a real, real, real travesty for the kid more importantly but also for us.”
Hatters skipper Scott Cuthbert added: “He's a young lad, it's probably his first experience of a serious injury and is never nice for anyone.
“I was saying to Stephen O'Donnell before the game he's a real strong character, a real confident character, so he'll bounce back.”
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
Police on Friday unearthed a counterfeit currency note printing and distribution racket, recovering nearly Rs15 million in fake currency.
Police had on Wednesday arrested four suspects after recovering fake currency notes from them which they were trying to smuggle to Punjab, Capital City Police Officer (CCPO) Tahir Khan told reporters at Malik Saad Shaheed Police Lines.
Following an initial investigation, police acted on the indication of the arrested suspects and raided their houses in Peshawar's Bhana Mari, Gulberg and Hayatabad areas and recovered different machines, nearly 22,000 blank papers, 100 currency stickers, six colour printers, cutters, computers and toners that were used to make fake bills.The total amount of fake currency and prize bonds seized during the raid is a little over Rs15m. Police also recovered two thousand in counterfeit UAE dirhams.
According to the CCPO, the total recoveries made during the raid, comprising fake currency, machines and equipment, were worth Rs500m.
The arrested suspects not only supplied fake currency to other districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa but also to other provinces and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata), the CCPO said. He said the accused had managed to sell Rs100,000 in fake currency for Rs25-30,000, adding that the suspects will be presented before a local court on Sunday.
SSP Investigation Nisar Khan said that police are investigating whether the fake currency was used in any terrorist activities.
A Look At What Would Happen If Trump Doesn't Certify The Iran Nuclear Deal Next week is critical in the Trump administration's vow to redo the Iran nuclear deal. Options are being prepared for the president to announce by Friday. Here's a look at how they could play out.
Staff Report
The Supreme Court on Saturday rebuked the municipal authorities for their miscarriage in steering clear of illegally encroached amenity properties.
Justice Gulzar Ahmed, in a two-judge bench, lashed out remarks against the measures taken by the Karachi Municipal Corporation and rejected report provided by the KMC attendees during the litigation.
The apex court, in an anti-quack reference against illegally occupied amenity plots, denounced the concerned authorities on failure to evacuate illegally-occupied marriage halls and footpaths encroached by the hoteliers, in response to the count of such 35,000 amenity plots that were read out from KMC report during the November 29 litigation.
Director General KDA Saeed Siddiqui responded that the institution did not have sufficient machinery to remove the encroachments and sought an extended deadline in the course.
Justice Gulzar warned the municipal authorities of stringent actions and suggested abrogating from authority if the current modus operandi remains frequent in case of illegal encroachment of public amenity plots in the city.
The court demanded the KDA, Karachi Metropolitan Corporation and Deputy Commissioners for immediate evacuation of welfare plots. It was also revealed that KDA land worth over Rs1 trillion was illegally occupied.
Iowa Moves To Restrict Collective Bargaining For Public Sector Workers
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Pemble/Iowa Public Radio John Pemble/Iowa Public Radio
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said she left her previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said she was upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LADEU, MO -Interest in the upcoming solar eclipse is sky-high, and so is demand for the glasses needed to view the big event. Many stores are doing what they can to keep up with the frenzy of customers ordering the special eyewear.
Ladue Pharmacy on Clayton Road is expecting another shipment of 1,000 pairs of eclipse glasses, after selling out last week.
“Some people are ordering one. Some people are ordering twenty for their whole group,” Ladue Pharmacy owner Rick Williams said. “It wasn't until the orders started coming in that I realized how special the event was. And how people were so interested in it. Obviously, being in this area, has made it that much more of an interest.”
Safety is not a matter to take be lightly for the August 21 event. Doctors warn that exposing the eye to the sun for even a few seconds during the eclipse could mean permanent damage.
Some vendors have been forced to recall eclipse glasses because the items were not properly certified.
Williams said the sunglasses sold at Ladue Pharmacy are ISO certified, meaning that they have the official stamp designating they are safe for the event.
“We have the right ones,” he said.
Customers say it is worth the wait, as the next shipment of eclipse eyeglasses arrives in the next day or two.
The store is taking orders from customers for the $1.59 item.
“Oh, it's like a frenzy. It has been. It's been nuts,” Debi O'Neill, a buyer for Ladue Pharmacy, said.
Monday Morning Menu
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO) –
Find out what is happening around town this Monday morning!
Tis' the season to be jazzy. Richland Library Ballentine is hosting a ‘Holiday Jazz' session Tuesday. Local vocalist and poet Eboniramm and an ensemble will play you into the holiday season with all of your favorite jazzy Christmas hits. The event starts at 6:30p.m. and is free of charge.
Bring a furry friend home for the holidays. For the entire month of December you can adopt any pet from Columbia or Lexington Animal Services for just $25. That includes spay or neuter, microchip, leukemia and heartworm testing, vaccinations and deworming. That really is a Christmas miracle.
Do you have any clothes stuffed away in your closet, desperately hoping to wear again, but can't because of a broken zipper? Well Richland Library is here to help. On Tuesday, Richland Library Main is hosting a ‘Handsewing: Closures' workshop from 3:00-4:30p.m. in the Makerspace. All materials will be provided, and it's free to all. You do need to register.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory Michael Gove is considering a ban on boiling lobsters alive, the Mirror has learned.
The Environment Secretary is set to launch a consultation on the move, bowing to pressure from animal rights campaigners.
But it's likely to land him in hot water with chefs and foodies, who argue shellfish do not feel pain when cooked alive.
Lobsters are among the only creatures we eat in Britain that are sold alive for slaughter at home or in restaurants.
It comes after the RSPCA, the British Veterinary Association and a string of campaigners wrote to the Government calling for crabs and lobsters to be included in animal welfare law.
But a row is already bubbling among Tory MPs, who suggested the move was a cynical bid to boost his green credentials.
“It's Michael's latest crusade to woo the luvvies in his blatant leadership bid,” a Tory source told the Mirror.
“He's desperate to look like a planet hugging animal lover, but his foodie friends are going to be furious. It's the last claw!”
(Image: Daily Record/Runnacles Mark)
(Image: REUTERS)
The proposed ban would also include other shellfish, such as crabs and crayfish.
Many restaurants already now stun or kill crustaceans before they are cooked, to prevent them from ‘throwing their claws' when they're thrown in the pot.
Campaigners say scientific evidence shows it is “highly likely” crustaceans can feel pain in the same way as any other animal.
Maisie Tomlinson, Campaign Director of Crustacean Compassion said: “We welcome the government's intervention on this matter and we hope that the consultation concludes that decapod crustaceans should be subject to the same animal welfare protections as vertebrate animals under the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
“This certainly would include welfare at the time of killing, as many of the ways in which decapods are currently slaughtered are abhorrent. We also, however, urge tighter regulations on how decapods are kept whilst waiting for slaughter.
“A recent study found that lobsters were regularly crammed into bright, highly overcrowded tanks with little provision for the welfare needs of the species. We look forward to further engagement with the government in tackling this long-neglected animal welfare issue. "
(Image: PA)
A spokesperson for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said: “As Minister [George] Eustice has previously stated this is an issue the Government is considering.
“We are committed to the very highest standards of animal welfare and are taking strong action in this area, including raising maximum sentences for animal cruelty to five years and making CCTV mandatory in slaughterhouses.
"As the Prime Minister has set out, we will make the United Kingdom a world leader in the care and protection of animals as we leave the EU.”
An Aero Contractor flight from Sokoto to Abuja about 1:45p.m. on Wednesday has made an emergency landing back in Sokoto due to problems allegedly associated with the landing gear.
One of the passengers, Ismail Sani said in Sokoto that Flight No 128 half-way in its journey was still not stable, prompting the pilot to announce that the landing gear could not return after series of noise from the engines.
Passengers in the flight later learnt that the noise was as a result of the gear still protruding, just as the pilot announced that for safety reasons, a return would be made back to Sokoto about 2.30p.m. Malam Sani, who owns Platinum FM Radio in Keffi however, disclosed that “The aircraft was still airborne as at the estimated time promised by the pilot at 2:30pm, putting more fears on the passengers and the crew members. “The aircraft finally touched ground at about 2:45pm, accompanied by two fire service vehicles and an ambulance at the Sultan Abubakar III Sokoto Airport. We were all asked to disembark from the aircraft and wait at the departure lounge for further briefing. “The pilot thereafter came to the departure lounge to announce that the engineering team advised him to run a check on the gear and that he did so, but the test failed, urging the passengers to make alternative flight arrangements.”
The pilot whose name was not mentioned insisted it was a minor fault and to prove it, he was flying the aircraft back to Abuja but without passengers and later did so.
Another passenger, who was on board the flight and does not want his name in print said the airline did not make another flight arrangement for them. The airline merely refunded their money for the flight tickets.
However all calls and messages sent to the spokespersons of Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Henritta Yakubu and Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Sam Adurogboye for confirmation were not replied
Similarly, the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria AMCON that took over the management of Aero Contractors is yet to issue any statement on the incident.
Gaza
The Israel-Gaza border fell quiet on Wednesday under an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire after the most intense flareup of hostilities between Palestinian militants and Israel since a 2014 war.
Militants from Hamas, the dominant group in Gaza, and Islamic Jihad fired dozens of rockets and mortar bombs at Israel throughout Tuesday and overnight, to which Israel responded with tank and air strikes on more than 50 targets in the enclave.
There were no reports of further fighting after Palestinian and Israeli attacks in the early hours of Wednesday, and both sides appeared to back away from a slide toward a new war after weeks of violence along the border.
Schools opened as usual in Israeli towns near the frontier where rocket warning sirens sounded frequently on Tuesday. Gaza's streets were filled with morning shoppers and children went to class.
A Palestinian official said Egyptian mediation led to a cease-fire, but the terms of the “understanding” did not go beyond “a restoration of calm by both sides.”
“After the resistance succeeded in confronting the (Israeli) aggression … there was a lot of mediation in the past hours,” Hamas' deputy chief in Gaza, Khalil Al-Hayya, said, in a nod to Egypt's efforts.
“An agreement was reached to return to the (2014) cease-fire understandings in the Gaza Strip.—Agencies
Illegal land invasions across Gauteng are causing widespread panic, amidst continued political discussions about land expropriation without compensation. President Ramaphosa has made it clear that nobody has the right to illegally occupy land or infringe on the property rights of others, but this has done little to appease terrified landowners who say irresponsible political utterances are turning the debate into a chaotic free-for-all. Some property owners have meanwhile moved off their properties, saying they fear for their lives and cannot rely on the police for assistance.
Producer: Sophia Phirippides
Presenter: Macfarlane Moleli
Researcher: Siniketiwe Hlanze
Rishabh Pant joins Adidas Cricket
Rishabh Pant is starting to get noticed in the international circuit
by Press Release News 15 Feb 2017, 12:25 IST
Rishabh Pant becomes the fourth Indian cricket to do so
New Delhi, February 15, 2017 – Rishabh Pant, 19, has joined adidas Cricket, uniting with current Indian teammates Rohit Sharma and KL Rahul and upcoming youngsters Kuldeep Yadav and Sarfaraz Khan. Pant, the young cricketer who has already made his international T20 debut, and has been smashing records and making headlines has signed with the brand for three years.
Rishabh Pant made his Ranji Trophy debut at the age of 18 in 2015 for Delhi and followed it up with a blistering 2016-17 where he broke records by scoring a triple-hundred against Maharashtra and a 48-ball hundred against Jharkhand. His meteoric rise started in 2016, when he opened the batting for India in the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh; smashed a record-breaking fifty against Nepal and followed it up with a century against Namibia to help India qualify for the semi-finals in 2016. After a stellar start to the 2016-17 domestic cricket season he was rewarded with a call-up to India's T20 squad for the three home matches against England in January 2017.
Dhanashree Sowani, Director, Heartbeat Sports, adidas said, “We are pleased to have Rishabh Pant join Team adidas and look forward to enabling him deliver great performances on the field. Cricket is an important sport for us and we shall continue investing in and supporting emerging talents like Rishabh. He, along with adidas athletes, Rohit Sharma and KL Rahul will lead our cricket focused campaigns in the years to come.”
Delighted about his relationship with adidas, Rishabh Pant said: “I feel extremely delighted to join the adidas family. I have always aspired to wear their products especially as my childhood heroes Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag used to wear them, so to now have this in common with these legends, feels great. I am at the beginning of my career and am sure that adidas will help me take my game to the next level and help me create the new.”
Indian athletes such as Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul, Sarfaraz Khan, Kuldeep Yadav, Saurav Ghosal, Dipika Pallikal along with international athletes like Lionel Messi, Paul Pogba, Gareth Bale, Mesut Ozil and Luis Suarez among others wear the three stripes with pride.
About adidas
adidas is a global designer and developer of athletic and lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories with the mission to be the best sports brand in the world. As an innovation and design leader, adidas engineers the best in high-performance products to make athletes better, faster and stronger and creates a range of classic and fresh lifestyle and high-fashion lines.
MONTREAL — American Morgan Hurd is the new all-around champion after winning gold at the artistic gymnastics world championships on Friday.
Hurd had 55.232 points and finished ahead of Canada's Ellie Black, who claimed silver with 55.132 points. Russia's Eremina Elena, with 54.799 points, finished third.
Black came agonizingly close to making history as her final score was just .101 points away from first place. The Halifax native would have become the first Canadian to win gold at the world artistic gymnastics championships.
It is nevertheless Canada's first medal at the competition since 2006, when Kyle Shewfelt (floor) and Elyse Hopfner-Hibbs (balance beam) each won bronze.
Other studies have suggested that substances in coffee may reduce inflammation and improve how the body uses insulin, which can reduce chances for developing diabetes. Loftfield said efforts to explain the potential longevity benefit are continuing.
Adam Taylor, fetching two iced coffees for friends Monday in downtown Chicago, said the study results make sense.
"Coffee makes you happy, it gives you something to look forward to in the morning," said Taylor, a sound engineer from Las Vegas.
"I try to have just one cup daily," Taylor said. "Otherwise I get a little hyper."
For the study, researchers invited nine million British adults to take part; 498,134 women and men aged 40 to 69 agreed. The low participation rate means those involved may have been healthier than the general U.K. population, the researchers said.
Participants filled out questionnaires about daily coffee consumption, exercise and other habits, and received physical exams including blood tests. Most were coffee drinkers; 154,000 or almost one-third drank two to three cups daily and 10,000 drank at least eight cups daily.
During the next decade, 14,225 participants died, mostly of cancer or heart disease.
Caffeine can cause short-term increases in blood pressure, and some smaller studies have suggested it might be linked with high blood pressure, especially in people with a genetic variation that causes them to metabolize caffeine slowly.
But coffee drinkers in the U.K. study didn't have higher risks than non-drinkers of dying from heart disease and other blood pressure-related causes. And when all causes of death were combined, even slow caffeine metabolizers had a longevity boost.
As in previous studies, coffee drinkers were more likely than abstainers to drink alcohol and smoke, but the researchers took those factors into account, and coffee drinking seemed to cancel them out.
The research didn't include whether participants drank coffee black or with cream and sugar. But Lichtenstein said loading coffee with extra fat and calories isn't healthy.
Luton slipped to their first defeat of the season at the weekend, as Jack Taylor's stoppage time strike saw Barnet triumph 1-0 at the Hive. Here's how the Town players rated on the day.
Marek Stech: 7 - Keeper looked solid as he commanded his area well and was always quick to throw out to his full backs, trying to put the visitors on the front foot. No real chance to keep out last-gasp winner either.
Jack Stacey: 6.5 - Decent enough showing as he made his way over the half way line when possible, creating a good chance for Mpanzu early on.
Dan Potts: 7 - Came closest to breaking the deadlock when his excellent header was superbly tipped on to the bar by Stephens. Neat and tidy in possession without ever really bombing on.
Scott Cuthbert: 6 - Looked to be relishing his battle against Coulthirst until 20 minutes in and he was forced to go off injured with what was later revealed to be tight abductor.
Alan Sheehan: 7.5 - Defender impressed on the ball as he allowed the midfielders plenty of early possession. His set-pieces were the main avenue that Town looked like scoring from too.
Alan McCormack: 6.5 - Continued to show the steel he will add as got stuck in and was constantly in referee Kevin Johnson's ear. Lost the ball for winner, but will feel hard done by not to have been awarded a free kick.
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu (STAR MAN): 8 - Midfielder was by far the best of the bunch with a whole-hearted display full of energy. Did his work defensively and went on a number of runs to cause panic to the heart of Barnet's defence. Unlucky to be on losing side.
Olly Lee: 6 - Never really looked like equalling his career-changing performance here from last season as Luton didn't retain possession as much as they wanted to in the attacking areas.
Andrew Shinnie: 5.5 - Another who didn't come anywhere near to matching his heights from Yeovil hammering. Couldn't break free from the tight marking Barnet deployed and might need some new boots as couldn't keep his footing throughout.
James Collins: 6 - After his treble the weekend before, was restricted to barely a shot in anger this time out as he was well marshalled by the home defence, with clear-cut opportunities at a bare minimum.
Isaac Vassell: 6 - Had the odd moment when he could sprint on to a ball over the top, but Barnet had done their homework on him and once he claimed possession the move more often than not broke down.
Glen Rea (SUB): 6.5 - Early introduction for Cuthbert and he made some good clearances. Could consider himself lucky to avoid red after a very strong challenge on goalscorer Taylor.
Jordan Cook (SUB): 5 - On to try and fashion a winner but never got into the game.
Elliot Lee: (SUB): 6 - Almost rescued a point only to see Stephens tip his goalbound header over.
Rescue teams will resume an overnight search of the Merrimack River again Monday morning as they look for a 16-year-old girl involved in a jet-ski crash.
A Massachusetts State Police helicopter and search boats from Chelmsford, Lowell and Tyngsborough swept the river overnight on Sunday, according to the Lowell Sun. The Chelmsford Fire Department said they received a call about a crash in the river around 10 p.m. Sunday. They continued to search the waters until around 3 a.m.
The Sun reports at least one jet ski is in possession of the Chelmsford Police Department, but the cause of the collision is not confirmed.
The missing teenage girl has not been identified.
SPRINGFIELD - Justin Winters said he thinks of himself as nothing more than a drummer simply looking to have fun.
But if the 21-year-old Springfield native's victory at the 4th annual Boston Blue Man Group Drum-Off is any indication, Winters' future as a musician is bright.
Winters recently discussed the Sept. 30 competition, his victory and what it means to be recognized for what he described as his life-long passion: making music.
"I'm still letting it sink in that I won the whole competition. I didn't even see myself getting to the finals. To make it there was a blessing," said Winters of the Blue Man Group Drum-Off, a competition held in cities nationwide to recognize the "most creative, most innovative, most insanely talented drummers" with a grand prize totaling thousands of dollars in drum and audio equipment.
Winters said he originally expressed interest in the competition by way of YouTube, being invited by competition organizers after uploading a video in late August.
"I put my video in and not even a couple days later I got an email. It was just a two-minute video, an open solo up on YouTube. When I came up here for the semifinals, I just did what I do - have fun, meet some great people," he said.
Upon arriving at the semi-finals, Winters said he did just that: break boundaries with his fellow competitors and treat the experience, as a whole, with gratefulness and humility.
"There were so many great drummers there. One of them is a personal friend, Darryl Reberio. We're all friends now and they're all great drummers. I was actually rooting for him. When he played his solo, I was floored. He thinks so much out-of-the-box, he's so unique," said Winters.
But when all was set and done, Winters said it was his two-minute solo on a cold, damp late-September afternoon at the Berklee Beantown Jazz Festival that won judges over.
"I totally wasn't expecting a huge turnout, but there were so many people there. And Charles Haynes was one of the judges, he's played with Kanye, Lady Gaga, when I saw him I said to myself 'I was watching this guy on YouTube and now I'm taking photos with him,'" said Winters, who acknowledged feeling a degree of anxiety before taking the stage for the final round.
"My main thing was to let go of the nerves - I was shaking before I went on the stage. But I'm a religious guy. I sat down and prayed, lifted my head up and those nerves were gone. It was like my father was right there with me," said Winters, noting that he lost his father in 2015 - an experience which only seemed to fuel his passion for music.
"I lost my father when I was 19 and looking for that fatherly advice. That's when my passion for music skyrocketed. It's not just for me. It's for my father, for my mother and for my family. I got accepted to the Berklee College of Music in 2015 too, but I didn't want to leave my mother at the time - I got two jobs to help my mother do anything and I don't regret it at all," he said, adding that his faith and love for the drums - which he began playing at age 2 - helped him persevere.
"After my dad died, it made me push harder. Sometimes I had to cry it out, and nobody's above that. But I got up by smashing the drums. The pain was there, but playing the drums made me feel like I could go on. Sometimes, to this day, I think of my dad and I miss him. But after I play, I feel better," he said.
Winters said that now that the competition is over, his goals include playing with churches across the Springfield area and, most importantly, giving back to a community he said has been very kind to him.
"I'd have never been in this position if I gave up on what I'm passionate about. want other people to be in the position I'm in now. Sometimes you don't have the support system or people to help them. I'm thinking about going back to my school, Renaissance High School, and giving them a show. I don't even want to charge for it. I just want to give back," he said.
Winters also stressed the importance of pushing his own boundaries as a musician in the future.
"No matter how long you've been playing, no matter what you play, you should never feel comfortable at the skill level you're at. You can always learn something new. When you sit down and practice, if it's successful, you're going to find out something you didn't know before," he said.
Marshall Institute recently welcomed Rene Canales on board as manager, energy services
sector. He will assist in sales, project management and customized client solutions in subsea and BOP (blowout preventers) operations, specializing in RCFA, PM, RCM, RBI and other reliability solutions.
Canales has a background of experience with real-time operations and management. He started his career with United Space Alliance as a reliability engineer responsible for astronaut and flight controller training at NASA's Mission Control Center. Canales also managed Shell International Exploration & Production's real-time operations center and customized real-time monitoring solutions for various subsea clients.
For more information, visit www.marshallinstitute.com or call (919) 834-3722.
Often disparaged as “buses on rails”, Pacers are among the oldest trains in the country, form a large proportion of the stock used on Yorkshire's rails and are the bain of many commuters' lives.
However, from December, the much-derided trains will begin to disappear from our railways and be replaced in the main by brand-new vehicles which will be among the most modern trains in the UK and operated by Northern.
The journey bringing the new trains to the region has been a long and arduous one for Northern which will lease the state-of-the-art trains from rolling stock operating company Eversholt which has paid £490m for the trains.
The Yorkshire Post travelled to Zaragoza in Spain to see the first of the new trains prepare to come off the production line.
For rail aficionados, the 98 new trains are a mixture of electric unit Class 331s and diesel unit Class 195s, and are manufactured by international train giant CAF.
The units will are capable of reaching speeds of 100mph and feature free wifi, air conditioning, extra seats, wheelchair access, power sockets and more storage and form part of a new stock alongside fully-refurbished trains.
For Richard Allan, Northern's customer & people experience director and deputy managing director, the new fleet is a personal milestone.
“When I stepped on board this train for the first time today it was real ‘wow moment' and quite an emotional moment as well,” he said.
“The reason I say that is that I have been at the company for 11 years and we have tried very hard to bring in new trains and it did not work out for various reasons.
“So actually I never thought this day would happen.”
The first trains will be track tested in Britain by August and are expected to come into service by December this year.
The remainder of the new stock will be cascaded into service gradually over 2019 with the Pacers to be scrapped altogether by January 2020.
For Mr Allan, the new trains mark what he and his firm hope will be a turning point for passengers.
“Customers are going to see more services,” he said.
“Every train will be either brand new or at the very least fully refurbished. And that step change in quality from the oldest train fleet in Britain to one of the youngest ones, with nearly 100 brand-new trains, is going to happen and will happen over the next 24 months.
“My message to customers is things are going to get better.”
With new stock Mr Allan hopes to cut down on delays owing to less requirement for frequent maintenance of older trains.
As he puts it “these trains are maintained by computer rather than a spanner” and Northern said it plans more than 2,000 extra services each week, with around 400 additional Sunday services.
This will include new direct journeys from Bradford to Wakefield, Sheffield, Nottingham, Liverpool and Hull; from Leeds to Chester and Bridlington; from Lincoln to Leeds; and from Manchester Airport to Bradford and Halifax.
Mr Allan pointed toward the effect that was seen after the electrification of the route between Manchester and Liverpool where journey growth increased by 12 per cent in six months and said that he hoped to see comparable boosts in passenger numbers when the new and refurbished trains move into service.
David Brown, managing director at Northern, said: “Our modernisation programme is gathering pace and the promises we made at the start of the franchise are really taking shape.”
Abidal becomes Barcelona ambassador
Former Barcelona left-back Eric Abidal has rejoined the LaLiga club in an ambassadorial role.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 20:45 IST
Former Barcelona player Eric Abidal
Eric Abidal has been appointed an ambassador at Barcelona, the club where he played for six seasons.
Abidal, who won the Champions League with Barcelona in 2011 despite undergoing surgery to remove a tumour on his liver two months earlier, rejoined the club on Wednesday.
The 37-year-old made 193 official appearances for Barcelona, winning four LaLiga titles in his time at Camp Nou, but the Frenchman played down his status at the club.
"It's a joy to return to officially form part of the club," Abidal told Barça TV. "We had been talking for a while and now today it's gone through. As ambassador I am going to represent the club in the best possible way in other countries.
"It will always be a pleasure to share moments with the club's former players and, above all, to transmit the message and values we have around the world - but I am not a legend.
"It's true my story marked a lot of people at the club, above all on a football level, but also on a personal level because of my illness."
After leaving Barcelona in 2013, the former France international went on to play for Monaco and Olympiacos before announcing his retirement from the game.
Abidal follows Ronaldinho in returning to Barcelona to take up an ambassadorial role at the club after the Brazilian's appointment was confirmed in February.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – A Fort Wayne death penalty case has been rescheduled to April of 2019, according to the News-Sentinel.
Marcus Dansby is charged with four counts of murder, one count of attempted murder and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony, after the Sept. 11, 2016 attack that killed Consuela Arrington, 37; Traeven Harris, 18; and Dajahiona Arrington, 18, who was eight and a half months pregnant with a boy.
RELATED: Attorney seeks trial delay for Fort Wayne man accused of quadruple murder
Dansby is facing the death penalty if convicted.
He appeared in court Friday, one week after an Allen Superior judge said his lawyer wasn't qualified for the case.
RELATED: Defense attorney removed in Dansby death penalty case
Michelle Kraus has now been assigned as lead attorney and former Allen County Prosecutor Robert Gevers as co-counsel. The prosecution has agreed to reset the trial for April 15 – May 31, 2019.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Royal fever shows no signs of abating and now superfans of the Monarchy have got another gossipy twist to add to the enchanting tale of the marriage of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
For in newly released pictures showing the inside of Buckingham Palace, there is a new addition.
This picture from the Press Association shows the Queen greeting Honourable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the UK, in Buckingham Palace's Audience Room, as is tradition.
And super eagle-eyed Royal fans have noticed an alteration in the framed portraits - and it's juicy.
For not only has Her Majesty put proudly on display a photo of Harry and Meghan which was unseen by the public up to now, she appears to have replaced TWO pictures of high-profile Royals with it.
The image of the newlyweds sits proudly on display in Buckingham Palace's Audience Room, where the Queen greets guests and dignitaries on a weekly basis., reports the Mirror .
Perched alongside a clock, a gold box and some paperwork underneath a pair of glasses, the image of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex appeared to have replaced one of Princess Anne and her husband Timothy Lawrence.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
The portrait of the Queen's daughter Princess Anne and Timothy dressed in Navy uniforms was last seen in April to the right hand side of the lamp.
Now, it seems Harry and Meghan have taken their spot and the image of Anne and Timothy has been moved to the other side of the table.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
The photo shift was spotted as the Queen greeted Honourable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the UK.
Buckingham Palace's Audience Room is filled with personal touches by the Queen, giving the public a rare insight into her personal life.
And while the room is decorated with touching images of the Queen's nearest and dearest, it's also adorned with some pricey ornamental pieces.
Placed on either end of the mantlepiece are two 18th Century English porcelain pheasants, reportedly valued at £20,000, reports Mail Online .
(Image: PA)
The white marble clock in the centre of the mantlepiece is believed to be valued at £4,000, while the mirror is reportedly worth £30,000.
Harry and Meghan appear to be posing for the picture, which could have been taken as part of their engagement shoot by fashion photographer Alexi Lubomirski.
The couple captured the world's heart with their stunning engagement shots, as Meghan opted for a partly sheer dress.
They went on to choose Alexi Lubomirski as the official photographer for their wedding on May 19.
(Image: Alexi Lubomirski/PA)
(Image: Alexi Lubomirski/PA)
In a black-and-white photo from their big day, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are shown in a romantic pose sat on steps of the east terrace of Windsor Castle.
It was later revealed by Alexi Lubomirski the shot was taken by chance in just three minutes, when a weary Meghan rested on the steps against Prince Harry.
(Image: Alexi Lubomirski/PA)
In another image, Harry and Meghan are pictured with members of the royal family, including the Queen, Duke of Edinburgh, Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and her mum Doria.
Islamabad
Small traders on Sunday asked the government to take steps to enhance production of edible oil in country to improve its usage and save oil import bill.
Growers should be insulated from victimisation of middlemen and industrialists while production of quality product should be ensured, said Patron Islamabad Chamber of Small Traders Shahid Rasheed Butt. In a statement issued here today, he said that growers of oil seed are on the mercy of middlemen and industrial sector which has resulted in lack of interest in growers which is not in the national interest.
Shahid Rasheed Butt said that government should announce incentives for growers to gradually become self-sufficient in edible oil production that will help country save over two billion dollars annually.
Pakistan for self-sustaining in edible oil production for thirteen years but exploitation of farmers resulted in imports which continue to grow to become threat for foreign exchange reserves, he said.
He informed that farmers of different oilseeds are at the mercy of middlemen which is the biggest reason behind lack of interest by growers while self-reliance requires to increase land under cultivation, support price, incentives, the latest varieties of seed and preference to the coastal belt of Sindh and Balochistan over all other areas.
The business leader also demanded enhanced research and development, subsidy on inputs, interest-free loans, employing better technology, and improving capacity of grinding mills.
Pakistan per capita consumption stands at 12-13 litres which is increasing by three percent annually while primitive grinding process result in wastage of two lakh tonnes of cotton seed.
Focus on local production, establishing new refineries and better functioning of the extraction industry can help improve situation, create a million jobs and improve forex reserves, he said.—Email
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILLIAMSPORT — No. 1 Delaware Valley scored 28 points in 10:31 during the second and third quarters to roll to a 55-17 win Friday night at STA Stadium.
Ryan Obiso ran for 183 yards and five touchdowns, and Dylan Kelly caught six passes for 124 yards and carried six times for 62 yards and a touchdown as Delaware Valley 505 yards of offense.
“We got a little bit of momentum early with some big plays and that just continued,” Delaware Valley coach Keith Olsommer said. “These guys (the Millionaires) have been a team that has been dynamic. People have had big plays against them and they answer and they answer again. The whole week it was prepared for 48 minutes. Our trend all week was got a little bit better every day and they were really good tonight.”
Kelly opened the game with a 48-yard catch and Obiso scored two plays later. Kelly's 30-yard catch a series later set up Obiso's four-yard touchdown run and the Warriors went up, 13-0. The Millionaires answered with a 15-play drive that produced an Angelo Girardi 21-yard field goal. Marcus Simmons then took a 1-yard pass and bolted down the sideline and across the field for a 73-yard touchdown.
Kelly took an inside reverse 44 yards for a touchdown less than two minutes later and the Warriors scored on its next two series to take a 34-10 halftime lead.
Obiso was never tackled for a loss Friday and never gained fewer than two yards on a carry. He also scored on a 1-yard touchdown on a 4th-and-goal during the first half.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — This time, even without their leader, Oklahoma held onto a late lead and celebrated a win.
Playing for the first time without standout senior guard Jordan Woodard — who suffered a career-ending knee injury in a game three days earlier — Oklahoma hung on to beat Texas 70-66 on Tuesday night.
Jamuni McNeace scored 14 points and grabbed 14 rebounds — career highs in both categories — to help the Sooners end a seven-game losing streak during which they lost three times when leading in the final minute. One of those games was at Texas on Jan. 23, in which they blew a five-point lead in the final 19 seconds to lose 84-83.
Jarrett Allen led the Longhorns with 17 points and 10 rebounds, his 10th double-double of the season — the most in the Big 12 Conference.
Advertisement
The Sooners entered the game having lost 14 of 16, so it felt good just to win, Oklahoma coach Lon Kruger said.
“I'm very happy for our guys,” Kruger said. “We've had a few (games) in position to finish and we haven't, but yet they stayed right there and hung together and worked hard and made progress.”
This time, Texas led by as many as eight points in the second half before the Sooners rallied. Freshman Jordan Shepherd — scoreless to that point — hit a 3-pointer with 4:28 left to put Oklahoma ahead 58-56, then added another 3 during a 10-1 run that put the Sooners up 65-57 with two minutes remaining.
Shepherd's free throw with 10.4 seconds left stretched the lead to 70-66. Rashard Odomes blocked a layup attempt by Allen at the other end to seal the win.
“I definitely thought we were going to close out the game, just keeping the ball in my hands and being me strong with it and just getting into our sets,” Shepherd said. “They were just knocking down shots.”
Kerwin Roach Jr. added 13 points and Andrew Jones had 12 for the Longhorns, who shot 60.7 percent from the field in the first half but slumped to 34.4 percent in the second half.
“Very disappointed,” Texas coach Shaka Smart said. “Give Oklahoma credit. They made plays they needed to make. They made shots. . I'm just real disappointed because the last couple of days, coming off our last game, our guys really had a good understanding of what we needed to do tonight and it didn't carry over.”
Odomes and Kameron McGusty each scored 11 points for Oklahoma, with McGusty adding five steals.
Texas jumped to a 9-2 lead in the first three minutes and held the advantage throughout the first half. Seldom-used Oklahoma senior C.J. Cole's putback with 1:24 left gave the Sooners their first lead at 38-37, but Roach Jr.'s layup 16 seconds later put the Longhorns back ahead 39-38 at halftime.
BIG PICTURE:
Oklahoma: The Sooners avoided their longest losing streak since 2010-11 (Jeff Capel's final season as coach), when they lost eight in a row. With Jordan Woodard out for the season with a torn ACL in his right knee, the Sooners have just one remaining starter from last season's Final Four squad (junior Khadeem Lattin), and are looking to the future and a confidence-building win like the one against the Longhorns can only help that process.
Texas: Barring a run through the Big 12 Tournament, Texas is going to miss the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2012. They've yet to win a road game in the Big 12 this season in eight tries, with trips to No. 9 West Virginia and Texas Tech still to come. With a closing stretch that includes probable NCAA Tournament teams Kansas State, West Virginia, Kansas and Baylor, the Texas Tech game might be the Longhorns' best chance for a win before season's end.
TIP-INS
Oklahoma's Kameron McGusty has scored in double figures in 13 straight games, the longest streak by any Big 12 freshman this season. … Texas' Andrew Jones, also a freshman, is close behind McGusty, with 10 straight double-figure scoring games . Oklahoma honored Woodard – a four-year starter who helped the Sooners reach the Final Four last season – by showing a highlight package on the video board at Lloyd Noble Center . Cole's first-half basket was only his second field goal of the season for the Sooners . Texas is 5-8 this season in games decided by five points or fewer.
UP NEXT:
Oklahoma: The Sooners head to Stillwater on Saturday for the second Bedlam game of the season, hoping to avenge an earlier last-second loss to Oklahoma State.
Texas: The Longhorns begin a tough three-game stretch at Kansas State on Saturday before visiting No. 9 West Virginia on Monday and hosting No. 3 Kansas on Feb. 25.
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
KP Chief Minister Pervez Khattak has agreed with the demand of the acquisition of land for development schemes on market rates to remove hurdles in the implementation of the schemes in the province. The Chief Minister was responding the complaints of the members of provincial assembly regarding difficulties in land acquisition for development schemes in their respective constituencies. The assembly resumed proceeding on demands for grants and cut motions on them here Wednesday with Speaker Asad Qaiser in the chair. The members of the provincial assembly belonging to different opposition parties were complaining of difficulties in land acquisition for development schemes and even projects initiated under China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) while speaking in favour of their cut motions on the demand for grant of Rs 1.145 billion for Excise and Taxation Department. In their speeches, Syed Sardar Hussain and Saleem Khan, the PPP MPAs from district Chitral complained of long delay in the land settlement of the district and called for the acceleration of the process to pave way for acquisition of land for different projects in the district. Noor Saleem Khan of JUI-F criticized the provincial government for failure in the computerization of land record while Saleh Mohammad Khan of PML-N chided the PTI government for failure in bringing change in the patwari system. Similarly, Zia-ur-Rehman of PML-N demanded payment of compensation to the owners of land acquired for projected initiated under CPEC and Suki Kinari Hydel Power Project.
Responding to the queries of the legislators, the Chief Minister acknowledged hardships in land acquisition as crucial and serious issue. He said that a lot of schemes for the construction of schools and colleges are delayed due to price assessment for land.
× Franklin County Sheriff's Office warns of law enforcement scam
UNION Mo. – The Franklin County Sheriff's Office is warning residents about a telephone scam targeting the elderly.
According to the sheriff's office, a man posing as a sergeant is calling citizens and telling them they're being fined $500 for failing to appear for jury duty. The caller then instructs people to go to a local Walgreens and purchase $500 in ‘Green Dot' cards and follow additional instructions.
The sheriff's office does not solicit money from citizens and does not call people asking for payment.
Residents are being reminded to not follow through on any such requests and to avoid giving out personal information over the phone.
Anyone with questions about this scam is asked to contact the sheriff's office at 636-583-2560.
"I'm not saying that they're wrong to do this but I don't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we're already getting because we still own a chunk of it."
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015, and by December 2017, the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake.
The government said the privatization would raise $9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects, but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties, but also the province's financial watchdog, who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $1.8 billion.
Faced with growing public anger, the Liberals offered provincewide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases, which in the long run will end up costing more.
The Liberals have said Horwath's hydro buy-back plan would use over $6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care, education and transit investments.
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again.
"To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question," he said in an interview.
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair, Nathwani added.
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system the provincial economy relies upon, added Adam Fremeth, associate professor of business, economics and public policy at Western University.
There's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held, publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders, he added.
Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized, said Fremeth.
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control, which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement, said Nathwani.
"That's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital."
CLOSE The U.S. Navy announced April 9 it was moving the USS Carl Vinson strike group north to position in the western Pacific. But it moved south. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Aircraft sit on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson June 1, 2017, in the western Pacific. The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and U.S. Navy routinely train together to improve interoperability and readiness in the Indo-Asia Pacific region. (Photo: Spc. 2nd Class Z.A. Landers, AP)
Seventy-six years ago on Dec. 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese fleet surprise-attacked Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, the home port of the U.S. Pacific Fleet.
Japanese carrier planes killed 2,403 Americans. They sunk or submerged 19 ships (including eight battleships destroyed or disabled) and damaged or destroyed more than 300 planes.
In an amazing feat of seamanship, the huge Japanese carrier fleet had steamed nearly 3,500 miles in midwinter high seas. The armada had refueled more than 20 major ships while observing radio silence before arriving undetected about 220 miles from Hawaii.
The surprise attack started the Pacific War. It was followed a few hours later by a Japanese assault on the Philippines.
More importantly, Pearl Harbor ushered in a new phase of World War II, as the conflict expanded to the Pacific. It became truly a global war when, four days later, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States.
The Japanese fleet had missed the three absent American carriers of the Pacific Fleet. Nonetheless, Japanese admirals were certain that the United States was so crippled after the attack that it would not be able to go on the offensive against the Japanese Pacific empire for years, if at all. Surely the wounded Americans would sue for peace, or at least concentrate on Europe and keep out of the Japanese-held Pacific.
That was a fatal miscalculation.
The Japanese warlords had known little of the tireless efforts of one Democratic congressman from Georgia, Carl Vinson.
As heavy smoke rolls out of the stricken USS West Virginia, a small boat rescues a crew member from the water after the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, Dec. 7, 1941 during World War II. Two men can be seen on the superstructure, upper center. The mast of the USS Tennessee is beyond the burning West Virginia. (AP Photo) (Photo: ASSOCIATED PRESS)
For nearly a decade before Pearl Harbor, Vinson had schemed and politicked in brilliant fashion to ensure that America was building a two-ocean Navy larger than all the major navies of the world combined.
Vinson had assumed in the mid-1930s that fascist Japan and Germany posed existential threats to the United States. For America to survive, he saw that America would need mastery of the seas to transport its armies across the Pacific and Atlantic.
From 1934 to 1940, Vinson pushed through Congress four major naval appropriations bills. The result was that the U.S. Pacific Fleet that Japan thought it had almost destroyed in December 1941 was already slated to be replaced by a far larger and updated armada.
A little more than seven months after Pearl Harbor, the USS Essex -- the finest carrier in the world -- was launched. Essex was the first of 24 such state-of-the-art fleet carriers of its class to be built during the war.
Vinson's various prewar naval construction bills also ensured the launching of hundreds of modern battleships, cruisers, destroyers and submarines. As bombs fell at Pearl Harbor, ships of the new American fleet were soon to be deployed, under construction or already authorized.
Vinson's foresight would save thousands of American lives in the Atlantic and Pacific. American naval power quickly allowed the U.S. to fight a two-front war against Japan, Germany and Italy.
Vinson, a rural Georgian, was an unlikely advocate of global naval supremacy.
Before World War II, the battleship was still thought to be queen of the seas. Yet Vinson emphasized aircraft carriers over battleships. That decision would result in absolute American naval supremacy of the oceans within two years of the Pearl Harbor attack.
Operations Specialist 3rd Class Benjamin Kirkpatrick, assigned to the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) color guard, salutes the national ensign as it flies at half-mast in honor of the seven Sailors who perished aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS Fitzgerald (DDG 62) during a collision at sea. Carl Vinson is pierside at its homeport in San Diego, Calif., after completing a five-month deployment to the western Pacific. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matthew Granito/Released) (Photo: Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matthew Granito)
Stranger still, Vinson had fought for naval expansion in the middle of the Great Depression, at a time when the U.S. government was already deeply in debt and poor Americans had no desire for large peacetime defense spending.
Vinson lived in the heart of impoverished rural Georgia, not on the East or West coasts, the traditional homes of U.S. warships. He was elected for 26 straight congressional terms. For 50 years, Vinson insisted on military preparedness, especially through naval power, to ensure deterrence and thereby keep the peace.
Vinson's remarkable congressional career began in 1914, before the American entry into World War I. He championed a strong Navy during the Depression, World War II, the Korean War, the start of the Vietnam War and the Cold War before retiring in 1965 at the age of 81.
Prior to Vinson, the U.S. Navy was basically a small coastal patrol force fueled by coal. But as the chairman of the House Naval Affairs Committee and later the House Armed Services Committee, Vinson ensured that American sea power -- eventually led by behemoth nuclear-powered aircraft carriers (including the USS Carl Vinson) -- would win wars and keep the peace through its global reach.
Vinson would live 16 years beyond retirement, dying at the age of 97 in 1981.
Today, most Americans do not recognize Vinson's contributions to American security. But the real strategic story of the Dec. 7 attack on Pearl Harbor was that Japan foolishly bombed a mostly obsolete fleet, soon guaranteeing terrible revenge from its far greater and more modern replacement armada -- thanks largely to the global visions of a rural Georgia congressman.
(Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author of "The Second World Wars: How the First Global Conflict Was Fought and Won." He may be reached at authorvdh@gmail.com.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jl4o06
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Five days after the deadliest mass shooting in US history, we are still no closer to the truth.
Police know that Stephen Paddock , a 64-year-old retired accountant opened fire on a crowd watching the Route 91 country music festival in Las Vegas.
Holed up in a hotel suite at the Mandalay Bay, he pumped round after round into completely innocent people enjoying a Sunday evening.
Paddock was able to kill 58 and injured more than 500 others with an arsenal of 23 guns, including some modified to fire more rapidly.
As a SWAT team closed in, he turned one of the weapons on himself and took his own life - and seemingly any prospect of understanding why he committed such an atrocious crime.
(Image: Twitter)
Speaking to the press on Friday night, Las Vegas Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said: "To date, we have run down well more than 1,000 leads in this investigation.
"While some of it has helped create a better profile into the madness of this suspect, we do not still have a clear motive or reason why."
Here are some of the difficulties that police are facing:
1. No suicide note or message
Despite reports to the contrary, police have repeatedly stated that they have not found any form of suicide note.
A scrap of paper and a pen were spotted in leaked pictures from inside Paddock's hotel room, near to his body.
(Image: @MikeTokes/Twitter)
(Image: Getty)
But police said it contained only a set of random numbers and no letters.
It is being "analysed for relevance" but at this point does not seem a significant piece of evidence.
Paddock's electronic devices have also been searched and so far no form of suicide note has been found.
There have been some examples of similar mass shootings with a apparent lack of motives.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Tristan van der Vlis, who killed six people and injured 17 in a shooting at a shopping centre in Amsterdam in 2011, is one example.
But the 24-year-old at least left a note which, although it didn't explain why, expressed suicidal feelings.
2. No political or religious pledge
Within hours of the Las Vegas massacre, ISIS had claimed responsiblity.
The Islamic terror group has stuck robustly to the claim despite having offered no evidence whatsoever to back it up.
The group claims Paddock was a 'soldier of the caliphate' who converted to Islam six months ago.
IS claims such attacks even if the 'lone wolf' involved never had any direct contact with jihadists.
(Image: Getty)
Omar Mateen, who killed 49 in the Pulse nightclub shooting in Florida last year, was such an example.
But in the hours before the atrocity, Mateen posted on Facebook about vengeance for US airstrikes in Iraq and Syria.
And during the shooting, he made a 911 call again making reference to ISIS.
In Paddock's case, no such evidence has been found that he was either in direct contact with ISIS, or was inspired by the group.
He had no known political or religious affiliations, as far as loved ones are concerned, and police have found nothing so far to suggest he was keeping them deeply hidden.
3. No evidence of sadistic or ritualistic killing
Some apparently 'motiveless' killings have been linked to a warped sense of enjoyment in violence.
Murders carried out purely for the sake of finding out what it's like to take a human life.
Such sadistic crimes often have ritualistic themes.
A recent example in the UK would be the so-called 'Twilight murders' committed by Kim Edwards and boyfriend Lucas Markham when both were just 14.
Lucas stabbed Kim's mum Liz and 13-year-old sister Katie to death with chilling disregard for his actions.
The teen couple then had sex before calmly sitting down to watch three Twilight films as the bodies lay upstairs.
Did Paddock carry out mass murder in pursuit of some evil thrill?
If so, again there has been no evidence found so far to suggest he held such psychopathic tendencies.
For 64 years, it appeared no one who knew him had any cause for serious concern.
4. No evidence of mental health problems or a criminal record
Stephen Paddock had no criminal record and appears to have acquired his guns legally, passing background checks.
Police have not shared full details of his medical history, but have said they have found nothing which points to a significant mental health problem.
It has been reported Paddock had recently been taking Valium, an anti-anxiety drug.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It can be known to provoke outbursts of violence in some people as a side effect.
But investigators do not believe it likely the drug played any role at this point.
The shooting clearly demanded a large amount of planning, and was executed calmly and effectively.
It was not a random, sudden release of anger.
And Valium remains one of the most popular drugs in America, taken by millions and has not been linked to mass murder before.
Paddock's girlfriend Marilou Danley has said he sometimes would scream out and moan in the night.
But what she has told the FBI so far still does not point to a clear motive.
(Image: Twitter)
Nevertheless, Paddock was clearly a troubled individual.
Anyone who kills and injures hundreds of people is suffering abnormal mental function.
And it must remain one of the prime areas of investigation.
Perhaps one clue lies in Paddock's family history.
His father was Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, a serial bank robber who ended up on the FBI Most Wanted list back in 1969 when he escaped from federal prison in Texas while serving a 20 year sentence.
The FBI kept him on the list for the next eight years, and he was eventually found one year after he was removed from the list in 1978 while outside an Oregon Bingo hall.
The agency said that the fugitive had been ‘diagnosed as psychopathic' and also had possible ‘suicidal tendencies'.
5. 'Gun obsession' kept hidden
Like many aspects of his life, Stephen Paddock apparently kept his love of guns a secret.
Police found 23 in his hotel suite, some of which had been upgraded with 'bump stocks' which enabled him to fire bullets more rapdily.
A further 19 guns were found at his home in Mesquite, Nevada.
This arsenal of 42 weapons was apparently acquired over years by Paddock.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
But despite spending what must have been a huge amount of money, there has so far been no evidence of him enjoying shooting.
It doesn't appear that he was a member of a gun range.
He didn't seem to talk to those close to him about guns.
So if the shooting was about Paddock's love of weaponry, how come there were no clues beforehand?
6. ‘Evidence' he wanted to escape
Another unusual fact in this case is that police have said Paddock wanted to escape afterwards.
They believe he committed suicide when he realised he was cornered by the SWAT team.
But before that, it is suggested he had been hoping to survive the attack.
Talking about the moments before police stormed the hotel room, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said: "He was doing everything possible to see how he could escape at this point."
Mass killings motivated by a political or religious cause, such as the recent Islamic terror attacks in Europe, are almost always suicide missions.
The attackers see themselves as martyrs to the cause.
The idea is to kill as many people as possible before authorities take them down.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Even in mass shootings not motivated by religious fanaticism, the perpetrators usually intend to take their own lives rather than risk facing justice.
Rarely have such killers thought of carrying out such a large-scale attack and believed they might still get away.
What does this tell us about Paddock's rationality?
7. No social media or online 'footprint'
In 2017, a suspect's online 'footprint' is often a huge part of a criminal investigation.
Stephen Paddock had no Facebook or Twitter account, or any other social media profile that has been found so far.
The most well-resourced law enforcement agencies in the world have been hunting for clues for five days and so far have found nothing.
Not to mention that the world's media have also been following this case and haven't added much either.
Most information on Stephen Paddock has come from snippets of his 'real-life' interactions with people.
A Starbucks employee in Mesquite said that he was often very rude to his girlfriend Marilou in front of staff.
Some neighbours said they found him aloof, others quite considerate.
Casino staff described him as someone who was unfriendly and didn't smile a lot.
While these descriptions give us more of an indication of Paddock's character, they are hardly unusual.
They could probably describe a lot of the full-time gamblers who inhabit Las Vegas.
8. Closest friends and family can offer nothing
Perhaps most troubling of all is that those closest to Stephen Paddock can't offer much either.
His brother Eric, who has spoken in public repeatedly since the atrocity, appears as shocked as anyone about what has happened.
(Image: CBS/Twitter)
"It's like an asteroid fell out of the sky," Eric said.
Though the two didn't talk a lot, Eric had no idea that Stephen Paddock was into guns and does not believe he had any strong religious or political views.
Eric revealed that Stephen was financially successful as a gambler and property investor and was likely a multi-millionaire.
Paddock had married and divorced twice, but had no children.
His girlfriend Marilou Danley recently returned from the Philippines in the hope she can offer an insight into his state of mind.
She said Paddock encouraged her to take a cheap flight to the Philippines weeks before the shooting to see her family.
While she was there, he wired her $100,000 and said it was for her to buy a house for her family.
Marilou told investigators she feared the money and trip were an indication Paddock wanted to break up.
She said she had no idea of his intentions.
"I knew Stephen Paddock as a kind, caring, quiet man," she said in a statement.
"I loved him and hoped for a quiet future together with him.
"He never said anything to me or took any action that I was aware of that I understood in any way to be a warning that something horrible like this was going to happen."
These are the words of perhaps the only person who knew Stephen Paddock intimately before he carried out the shooting.
If she had no idea, who will?
Following his visit to Adamawa State on the 5th of December 2017 in the wake of the communal clashes in the area, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, has yesterday, Monday, 11th December 2017, commenced a series of national consultations with all relevant groups designed to find a lasting solution to the farmers-herders conflict in parts of the country.
Today's meeting, the first in the series, held at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, and had in attendance the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II; the Lamido of Adamawa, Muhammadu Barkindo Aliyu Musdafa; elder statesman, Mallam Ahmed Joda; and other leaders of the Fulani communities. Subsequent meetings would focus on other interest groups.
At the meeting, previous reports on the conflict were presented by the delegation and causes of the conflict were analysed. The meeting unequivocally condemned the acts of violence that has occurred, especially the killing of children and women, and highlighted the need for Law Enforcement and other Government Agencies to dutifully and objectively perform their Constitutional roles.
The Vice President assured the delegation of the Federal Government's resolve and commitment to the entrenchment of lasting peace in all communities across the country and the resolution of all legitimate grievances.
He said "There is nothing much more important now, in showing our leadership, beyond preventing tragedy and destruction of everything we have built as a nation. The entire Nigeria enterprise is bigger than other interests. The overall objective is ensuring that our nation is not enveloped by another crisis."
According to the Vice President, “We now have an opportunity to do something. We have the opportunity to resolve the issues and to build a nation where we and our children can live in peace."
Already, following the Vice President's visit to Adamawa State last week, several food items and relief materials have been distributed to all the affected communities in the State, including Shafaron, Kodomti, Tullum, Mzoruwe and Mararraban Bare in Numan Local Government Area. Others communities that have received relief materials are Dong, Lawaru and Kukumso in Demsa Local Government Area of the State.
In the next series of meetings, the Vice President will meet with the Batta, Bachama and other groups from Adamawa State; while meetings with stakeholders from other conflict-affected States would follow.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
HAGERSTOWN — Maryland fishery managers say they're looking for a geological explanation for a historic drop in the flow rate of a spring that feeds the state's largest trout hatchery. The Department of Natural Resources said in a statement Tuesday it's using a seismometer to determine if underground activity is affecting the spring at the Albert ...
Raza Naqvi
Attock
District Officer Wild Life Attock Rizwana Aziz has said that those involved in illegal hunting and illegal trading of birds will be dealt according to rules and no leniency will be showed in this regard. She said this while talking to journalists here at his office. On the occasion Divisional Forest Officer Kamran Kazmi was also present.
Distt Officer Rizwana said that recently licenses have been issued to three quail traders and now the number of legal quail dealers in Attock district has become twenty-two.
New York
The Dow suffered its worst drop in more than a year and a half Friday as US stocks plunged on disappointing earnings from big companies and worries about higher interest rates.
The Dow Jones Industrial sank 2.5 percent, 665 points, to 25,520.96, its worst drop in percentage terms since June 2016. All 30 companies of the index ended in the red. The broad-based S&P 500 dropped 2.1 percent to 2,762.13, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 2.0 percent to 7,240.95.
Analysts have been eyeing an increase in US bond yields that accelerated further on Friday after a stronger-than-expected US jobs report raised expectations more Federal Reserve interest rate increases could be coming.
The yield on the 10-year US Treasury note climbed again Friday to 2.85 percent.
“What's been bothering the market is the speed with which they're going up,” Briefing.com analyst Patrick O'Hare said of higher Treasury yields. “Everyone has to remember we had a very over-extended market,” O'Hare said. “You now have grouped think driving things the other way as the trading trends shifts.”
O'Hare said disappointing earnings added to the selling momentum.
Troublesome headlines from Washington over the disputed release of Republican memo about investigations of Donald Trump's election campaign were “another negative news item,” but not the driver of Friday's selling, O'Hare said.
ExxonMobil slumped 5.1 percent after reporting a huge increase in fourth-quarter profits due to one-time benefits from US tax reform. But the excluding tax reform bonus, earnings translated to 88 cents a share, below the $1.04 expected by financial analysts.
Chevron, another big oil company in the Dow that reported disappointing results, fell 5.6 percent.
Google-parent Alphabet fell 4.8 percent after reporting a $3 billion quarterly loss to set aside funds to pay taxes on repatriated profits.
Apple fell 4.3 percent after reporting a record $20 billion profit in the fourth quarter on higher revenues. However, the tech giant said iPhone sales in the quarter of 77.3 million were about a million fewer than the same period a year earlier.
An exception was Amazon, which jumped 2.9 percent after reporting quarterly profits more than doubled to $1.9 billion. “It has been quite a while since we have had the stock market in a ‘good news is bad news' mode,” said Gorilla Trades strategist Ken Berman.
“Once again, this is ‘good news' for workers, but it hints that wage inflation is taking hold, and that can be ‘bad news' for the stock market. It gives the Federal Reserve a ‘green light' on more rate hikes this year, and that historically makes the stock market nervous.” Analysts have been eyeing a recent increase in US bond yields that accelerated further on Friday following the jobs data.
“What's been bothering the market is the speed with which they're going up,” Briefing.com analyst Patrick O'Hare said of higher Treasury yields.
“Everyone has to remember we had a very over-extended market,” O'Hare said. “You now have grouped think driving things the other way as the trading trends shifts.” O'Hare said lackluster earnings added to the selling momentum, with some of the biggest US companies suffering dramatic declines after disappointing the market. Apple, Google-parent Alphabet, Chevron and ExxonMobil all fell more than four percent. But analyst Craig Erlam downplayed the size of the gains by the dollar gains. “Not an overly large move in USD when you consider size of beat on earnings and a small beat on NFP (nonfarm payrolls). Sign of USD unpopularity right now?” he tweeted.—APP
Dubai
Iran's parliament gave initial approval on Sunday to a bill to boost spending on Tehran's missile program and the elite Revolutionary Guards in retaliation for new sanctions imposed by the United States.
Lawmakers overwhelmingly approved the outlines of the bill to “counter America's terrorist and adventurist actions” as some chanted “Death to America,” the state broadcaster IRIB reported.
The measure came in retaliation to legislation passed by USCongress and signed by US President Donald Trump in early August to impose new sanctions on Iran over its missile program.
Iran denies its missile program violates a UN resolution which endorsed Tehran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers and calls upon the Islamic Republic not to conduct activities related to ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons. Tehran says it does not design such missiles.
The Iranian plan would require Iran's government and armed forces to draw up a strategy to counter US violations of human rights around the world, and to support Iranian bodies and individuals affected by US sanctions.
The measure would also allocate over $260 million each to Iran's ballistic missile program and the Quds Force — the external arm of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which has been deployed to battlefields in Iraq and Syria.
Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi told members of parliament that the government backed the bill, which he said “was designed wisely so that it does not violate the (nuclear deal) and provide excuses for opposing sides,” state news agency IRNA reported.
The bill must now pass a second vote before being submitted to a clerical body for final approval and passage into law.—Agencies
EAST HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — The East Hartford Fire Department is trying to figure out what caused a house fire.
East Hartford Firefighters responded to 64 Saunders Street in the early hours of Tuesday morning following the report of a fire.
Neighbors rescued a 10-year-old and a 19-year-old from the home. They were transported to a local hospital for smoke inhalation, but crews say they are expected to be okay. Two other adults made it out safely.
The whereabouts of the mother that resides at the home are unknown at this time. Crews conducted a special search and verified that she was not in the house at the time of the fire.
Firefighters were able to get the flames under control within 45 minutes upon arrival.
The road was closed for several hours during cleanup. The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
POLICE have seized up to $95,000 worth of drugs, firearms and cash and charged two men as part of ongoing investigations targeting large-scale, mid-level, and serious crimes on the Far North and Mid-North Coast.
About 8.30am yesterday officers attached to the Coffs Harbour Region Enforcement Squad spoke with two men at Cudgen Headland, Kingscliff.
Police searched the men and allegedly located illicit drugs and cash.
As a result, officers executed a search at a home on Albany Street, Coffs Harbour and Jaboh Close, Upper Orara, during which they allegedly located a hydroponic house set-up, cocaine, cannabis, cash, nine firearms and ammunition.
Two men were arrested and taken to Tweed Heads Police Station.
A 37-year-old man was charged with possess prohibited drug and supply prohibited drug - indictable quantity.
Another 37-year-old man was charged with supply cannabis - indictable quantity, possess cannabis - indictable quantity and two counts of possess prohibited drug.
Both men were refused bail and will appear at Byron Bay Local Court today.
Coffs Harbour Region Enforcement Squad is one of five regional squads announced by the NSW Police Commissioner, Michael Fuller, as part of the re-engineering process, reinforcing NSW Police Force's commitment to provide specialist resources to regional areas.
Northern Region Operations Manager, Detective Superintendent Wayne Humphrey said the RES Unit is made up of specially-trained police to disrupt drug supply, gun crime and criminal syndicates that have a harmful effect on the community.
"This is a significant amount of drugs off our streets, with an estimated street value of $95,000,” Detective Superintendent Wayne Humphrey said.
"Those who are intent on distributing illicit drugs, that affect the everyday lives of members of the community, will be identified and put before the courts.
"Police are specially trained to identify and investigate these matters, and we ask members of the community for assistance. If you have any information about someone who is manufacturing or supplying drugs, contact Crime Stoppers,” Detective Superintendent Wayne Humphrey said.
The fashion industry has always been a trailblazer in standing with the LGBT community, and there's no sign of that changing any time soon. Teaming up with British charity Stonewall, Primark's Pride collection is the latest collection to show its support. The affordable retailer has released more than 20 rainbow-filled designs, including underwear, swimwear, and of course everyone's favourite slogan tees.
But it's not just your wardrobe that is set to get colourful. Primark has also released a limited edition make-up set featuring eight bold face paints in shades of red, blue, and yellow. The brand is also actually catering for specific Pride events, splashing the name of each major city on a line of rainbow T-shirts.
In the name of transparency, the high street brand has given a glimpse into the thinking and processes behind the collection. A video published on Primark's YouTube channel shows off the entire range, which includes everything from minimal heart-shaped embroidery to loud and proud sequins. Prices start from £2 with the most expensive item costing a mere £7.
Primark buyer Glen Scott said he has been attending Pride events in the UK for almost 20 years. On the store's blog, he explained why the collection is so important:
"From the start, authenticity has been key; we wanted to create a collection that's true to how people want to dress for Pride, but it also had to be practical and fit for purpose (which is why there are so many great, functional accessories in the range). It's important to support the more local Prides, to show there are LGBT communities everywhere — not just in the big cities."
Primark on YouTube
Primark appears to have learnt from its previous mistakes. Last year, it faced a serious backlash after its Pride collection failed to donate any money to LGBT charities. When one customer called out the brand, Primark said a percentage from further collections would be donated, and it's great to see they've stuck to their word.
Primark
Thanks to its partnership with Stonewall, 20 percent of the proceeds from the entire Pride collection will go directly to the organisation. Set up in 1989, Stonewall has fostered a sense of community in cities and towns around the world. It aims to kick down any remaining barriers and works with more than 700 global organisations to remove the last traces of homophobia and transphobia. The collection is now available in select stores.
Primark
Primark isn't the first brand to stand up for the rights of the LGBT community this year. In February, former Burberry designer Christopher Bailey dedicated his last show to the LGBT community. Unveiling a rainbow twist to the British powerhouse's iconic check, he also stated that the brand would be donating some profits to three LGBTQ+ charities; The Albert Kennedy Trust, which helps homeless LGBT youth, US-based The Trevor Project which works to prevent suicide in the community, and The International, Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, which brings together LGBT groups from all around the world.
WWD/REX/Shutterstock
In a statement, the former creative director — who will officially be leaving Burberry at the end of 2018 after a 17-year tenure — said:
"My final collection here at Burberry is dedicated to — and in support of — some of the best and brightest organisations supporting LGBTQ+ youth around the world. There has never been a more important time to say that in our diversity lies our strength, and our creativity."
Seeing as most people can't afford to spend hundreds of pounds on Pride gear (no matter how good the intention), it seems like Primark's collection might be the best way forward.
Pride events will run throughout the summer across the UK. To find your nearest one, visit Stonewall's website.
The wife of Reshat Ametov wipes her tears during his funeral in Simferopol on March 18, 2014. Crimean Tatar Reshat Ametov, who had been protesting against Russian troops in the Black Sea peninsula, was found dead, days after he was seen being hauled away by men in military-style jackets. kyivpost 11:23:00 AM CEST
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A Brazil-based spokeswoman for Boeing Co said on Friday that the structure of a potential tie-up with Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA was “still being studied” and nothing about a possible partnership had yet been defined.
A Brazilian government source told Reuters on Friday that the latest proposal for a tie-up between the planemakers would include the creation of a third company, as the top economics correspondent at Globo TV first reported. (Reporting by Brad Brooks; Editing by Susan Thomas)
A company director who fitted a laser jammer to his Range Rover and made rude gestures as he drove past police speed cameras has been jailed.
Timothy Hill, 67, drove past police's mobile safety camera vans on the A19 in Yorkshire on three occasions in December.
The man giving the middle finger to the police speed camera
On all three occasions, he was photographed gesturing at the camera with his middle finger. Yesterday he was jailed for eight months and banned from driving for a year for perverting the course of justice.
Police also detected a laser jammer, a device designed to prevent the police from reading the speed of the car, on his white Range Rover.
Officers began an investigation and Hill initially lied about where the vehicle was and tried to destroy the jammer.
But after officers visited his home and interviewed him about the incidents, he admitted he was the driver and he had fitted the device to his car.
The man giving the middle finger to the police speed camera
Police were unable to ascertain his speed but charged him with perverting the course of justice, which he pleaded guilty to at court.
The judge who jailed Hill said such actions “strike at the heart” of the justice system and his sentence must act as a deterrent to others.
Traffic Constable Andrew Forth said afterwards: “If you want to attract our attention, repeatedly gesturing at police camera vans with your middle finger while you're driving a distinctive car fitted with a laser jammer is an excellent way to do it.
“It's also an excellent way to end up in prison. As Hill's case shows, perverting the course of justice is a very serious charge which carries a custodial sentence. “It's our job to keep road users safe. Mobile safety camera vans are an important tool to do that – they are proven to reduce collisions and they help save lives.
“Drivers who fit laser jammers may mistakenly feel smug about ‘getting one over' on the police. But we can tell if motorists are using these devices, and we will always endeavour to bring them to justice.”
Earth Day Cleanup And Celebration Planned At Millpond
April 17, 2017
Volunteers are needed for a big Earth Day cleanup and celebration at the Millpond in Brighton.
Earth Day is on Saturday, April 22nd and the city has a whole day of activities planned around restoring the Millpond to its former glory. The first of many Millpond cleanups is scheduled to begin at 8am, with volunteers removing invasive plants, tidying up the boardwalk, and removing trash from the area. Anyone with waders or a kayak who'd like to in on the action in the water is encouraged to bring them along.
The city is encouraging volunteers to wear protective clothing as they will provide the trash bags, gloves, and garbage-pickers. As the cleanup wraps up around 11am, students from Maltby Intermediate School's 6th grade enrichment class have a family friendly celebration planned with food carts, crafts, activities, and recycled art. In celebration of Arbor Day a Littleleaf Linden tree will also be planted near the Imagination Station at noon.
Volunteers can sign up online through the link posted below or just show up ready to help Saturday at 8am. (MK)
Temperatures will hover between 18 degrees Celsius to 25C in Abu Dhabi, between 20C and 24C in Dubai and between 17C and 24C in Sharjah. Humidity along the coast will be 70-85 per cent.
OTTAWA—Ontario MP Charlie Angus is urging the public safety minister to launch an RCMP investigation into the deaths of two Indigenous teenagers in Thunder Bay, Ont.
In a letter to Ralph Goodale released Wednesday, Angus said 70 First Nations leaders have also asked the Mounties to take a closer look at what happened to 17-year-old Tammy Keeash and 14-year-old Josiah Begg.
Keeash's body was found in the Neebing-McIntyre floodway early last month; the body of Begg was found less than two weeks later.
Goodale has said the matter is in Ontario's jurisdiction, but that Ottawa would “respond constructively” if local authorities asked for federal help.
“When there are concerns of that nature and magnitude that are expressed, I think we all within our respective authorities need to treat that seriously because . . . this kind of angst diminishes the strength of the country,” Goodale said Tuesday.
Malaysia's Sarawak government has ordered the state veterinary services department to vaccinate all dogs to curb the recent rabies outbreak.
Deputy Chief Minister Datuk Amar Douglas Uggah said that he has signed the Anti-Rabies Vaccination Order to help treat the dogs both living in infected areas and non-infected areas. The dogs are to be vaccinated under the second phase of the war against rabies.
Dogs in the infected areas were vaccinated in the first phase whereas all the dogs will be vaccinated in the second phase.
After visiting a dog vaccination programme in Batu Kawah, Uggah said, "Dogs in the remote parts of Sarawak, either accessible by roads or otherwise, will also be vaccinated."
Dogs living in the villages along the Sarawak-Kalimantan border will also be vaccinated as the Sarawak government is working closely with the Kalimantan authorities. The committee presiding over the rabies outbreak will be meeting again on Monday, February 5 to go through the ongoing anti-rabies programmes and check how they can be improved. Reported cases of dog bites will also be tracked. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) authorities state that one should immediately seek medical treatment if bitten or scratched by animals while traveling and should also start taking the series of vaccinations.
Uggah said that dog bite victims should be brought to the government hospitals if their conditions deteriorate.
"It is important to track the cases so we can know their progress and if there is any suspicion, we will bring them for treatment at the government hospitals," he further added.
As of now, a total of 6,384 cases of dog bites have been reported since the outbreak of June last year, while 38,953 dogs and 7,990 cats have been vaccinated for rabies. Since the last outbreak, five people have died while two are still under treatment at the Sarawak General Hospital.
A group of South Korean medical researchers developed a new type of anti-cancer immune material derived from a plant, the science ministry said Thursday, opening up new treatment opportunities for patients.
The team, led by Lee Chang-hwan of Ulsan University, developed the new substance made from the plant named rehmannia that can selectively destroy tumor cells, the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning said. The substance has shown potential for attacking brain cancer, it said.
(Photo courtesy of the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning)
"Rehmannia glutinosa polysaccharide induces toll-like receptor 4-dependent spleen dendritic cell maturation and anti-cancer immunity," the researchers said in a paper."This study was to develop anti-cancer immunity material that can selectively eliminate cancer cells by using natural substances," Lee said. "The development is forecast to be used for the treatment of various diseases, such as cancer treatment and vaccine development."The research was funded by the science ministry and the findings were published in the latest edition of Oncoimmunology. (Yonhap)
1:34
ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does his impression of Gary Patterson
Angus MacPhail: my midwinter reflections » New play opens tour in Oban A NEW play is to begin touring Scotland after its premiere in Oban.
Scottish actor and director David Hayman is back on the stage, reprising a successful character to look at where stands Scotland now.
Bob Cunningham, trade union official and protagonist of The Pitiless Storm, a one-man show written by Chris Dolan which toured extensively in the run up to 2014's referendum, returns and he's not happy.
It's now two years after the independence referendum and Bob has stuff on his mind: whether or not to take early retirement and why Ethel, his ex, who hasn't been around for 20 years has suddenly resurfaced. Then there's politics, of course, and what to do about the No vote, Corbyn, Brexit.
The Cause of Thunder, again written by Chris Dolan, is to tour Scotland in February and March. It is directed by David Hayman Junior (David's son) and produced by FairPley.
David Hayman said: ‘Bob is a storyteller. In The Cause of Thunder he's telling his own story and asking where he and each of us stands. Is his life's work done? Is he finished? Can he come to terms with his, and his country's, past and future?'
The Cause of Thunder will open in Oban on February 1 and travel across Scotland, including Stornoway (February 25) and Campbeltown (February 9).
Tickets are available from http://www.fairpley.com/index.php/the-cause-of-thunder. Share this: LinkedIn
More
Email
Reddit
Twitter
Print
Facebook
Advertisment
Spoiler alert: DAMN. opens with Kendrick Lamar narrating his own shooting death at the hands of a blind assailant. This seems to be a tradition amongst Los Angeles rappers: Lamar's most obvious predecessor, Ice Cube, rapped about dying at least three times on his first two albums. The shared message from both artists is that violent ends can arrive unexpectedly, especially if you're young, black and male.
It's no coincidence that Lamar decided to release DAMN. on Good Friday, a day meant to mark the death of the righteous at the hands of tyrants. Lamar isn't a Christian rapper in the conventional sense — his songs aren't in explicit exaltation of His glory — and though DAMN. is redolent with Biblical references, the temperament is decidedly Old Testament, filled with cold wrath and righteous punishments owing to the wages of sin and the blood of innocents. The tone on DAMN. is a stark contrast to the funky exuberance on Lamar's much-lauded To Pimp a Butterfly from 2015: There, he seemed to revel in a torrent of creative intensity that some found exhilarating, others indulgent. If that album was like billiard balls scattering after the break, then DAMN. wraps its focus inward, tight and layered, like a bundle of rubber bands.
Its 14 songs, all titled with brief concepts such as "FEEL.", "LOYALTY.", and "DNA.", explore dualities within both the soul and American society. In some cases, the fractures are made obvious between songs — "LUST." and "LOVE." or "PRIDE." and "HUMBLE.," for example — but even within a track, Lamar is constantly exploring conflicts and contradictions. On "DNA.," the album's first fully fleshed-out song, he raps back-to-back: "I got millions, I got riches, buildin' in my DNA / I got dark, I got evil, that rot inside my DNA." Likewise, on the nearly eight-minute marathon "FEAR.," he invites us into his anxious mindset, where there's a thin line between confidence and venality, and any hint of success also carries with it the threat of loss.
This introspection is also reflected in the mostly somber production, which departs from the meaty P-Funk influences of Butterfly in favor of more minimalist moods. At times, there's perhaps too little there; I've had the album on nonstop since the minute it came out and I still can't remember what "GOD." or "LOYALTY." sound like. But in other places, especially on "FEAR." and "PRIDE.", the soulful spareness works well with the song's themes and Lamar's understated performance. To put it a different way, Butterfly felt very music-forward, whereas DAMN. is built out of bars.
On the pre-album single "The Heart Part 4," he boldly proclaimed himself to be this era's "greatest rapper alive," and DAMN. aims to secure his hold on that title belt. Lamar's wordplay has always been intricate, but he's finding new ways to push its limits: The way he super-stacks rhyming couplets rivals Eminem in his prime, while his constant modulation of voice and pacing allows him to play different characters within a single song. The stunning closer, "DUCKWORTH,.," also burnishes his reputation as one of hip-hop's most vivid storytellers, as he tells the supposedly true tale of how his label boss, Anthony "Top Dawg" Tiffith, once came close to killing Lamar's own father 20 years ago.
Perhaps nothing suggests his position atop hip-hop's leaderboard more than the fact that, almost as soon as DAMN. came out, there was an internet-fueled rumor that since he "died" on Good Friday, it followed that he'd be resurrected on Easter Sunday via a surprise second album. (That's less outlandish a thought than it would have been a year ago, before Frank Ocean dropped Endless and Blonde on consecutive days and Future went No. 1 with two albums released a week apart — but Easter came and went with no follow-up LP.) The collective desire, if not greed, for another full-length LP right after DAMN. captures how much Lamar has electrified the music community. There's a real yearning for artists of his stature to speak truth to power, especially at a time when the powerful seem to brazenly revel in untruths.
There's a danger in putting too much weight on any entertainer to serve as a proxy for collective action. Indeed, Lamar's own fans sometimes feel moved to keep him in check — most recently in response to "HUMBLE.," in which he rolls out a lazy cliché about wanting women to be less "Photoshop." But though he can be preachy at times, he doesn't suggest he's above reproach. Rather, his songs constantly offer him up as a sacrifice to a vengeful God: never an innocent lamb, always a conflicted sinner. That's the feeling his work asks us to confront within ourselves. He's not here to provide relief or distraction. His anxieties and unease around his own foibles are meant to mirror our own — and likewise, his struggles towards salvation and redemption are lead-by-example exhortations for us to do the same work, lest we risk perishing in a damnation of our own making.
What About the Puppies?
The Joe McCarthy of Russia-gate
The Russ-kie Plot
it only blinds Democrats from seeing the real reasons behind Trump's appeal to many working-class whites who feel disaffected from a Democratic Party that seems disinterested in their suffering
Do these three words make your spine tingle with excitement: Superannuation, taxation, and compounding?
If they do, that's weird, because they are quite possibly three of the most boring words in the English language.
Before your internal boredom-meter goes off the charts, consider this: Spending some time on this boring stuff is a proven way to build buckets of wealth.
Many of us find super, tax and compounding (comp-what?) uninteresting because they are complex and often changing.
But being boring with money doesn't mean taking fun out of life by watching or saving every dollar.
Money is simply a tool to pay for exciting things and experiences, and if you can harness the boring stuff, below, they will take care of your wealth over time.
SUPERANNUATION
Even with the word “super” in it, superannuation still sounds boring.
It's money that we can't get until the retirement, has weird rules that keep changing, and rolls along for decades whether we like it or not.
But that's also the beauty of super. The government forces employers to give us an extra 9.5 per cent on top of our wage, and because it's locked away we're not tempted to touch it.
RESEARCH: Why our brains stop us saving
When retirement rolls around, there's a big pile of cash that wouldn't have been there otherwise.
If we add a little of our own money into super each week we can get a tax deduction and multiply our wealth later in life. Just $20 a week deposited into super can grow to $302,00 over a 40-year career — and that's on top of employers' deposits.
Which brings us to compounding.
Camera Icon Familiar feeling? It's the boring stuff that can bring the biggest wealth. Picture: Supplied
COMPOUNDING
This has nothing to do with chemistry but plenty to do with getting rich.
Compounding, or compound interest, is the process of reinvesting all income back into more assets which in turn generate more income, and so on.
It's earning interest on your interest on your interest, and the secret to long-term wealth for millions of investors.
Using the power of compound interest, if you can save $50 a week and it grows by an average 8 per cent a year, your investment will be worth $40,000 after 10 years, $129,000 after 20 years, $326,000 after 30 years and $762,000 after 40 years.
Check out ASIC's compound interest calculator at moneysmart.gov.au and prepare to have your spine tingled.
TAXATION
Yes tax is boring, and complex, but who doesn't like getting free money?
Too many Aussies don't know all the legal deductions they can claim each year, and the government won't go out of its way to tell them they're missing out.
Start thinking about tax deductions now rather in the June rush. The Australian Taxation Office has online guides and tools to help you learn what you can claim and track your spending.
The key word with all boring money concepts is time. Growing wealth usually takes decades unless you inherit a cash windfall.
Super, tax and investment strategies will always be boring, just like watching grass grow, but devoting a little time to them means you will eventually be able to dance, lie and roll in grass wherever and whenever you want.
@keanemoney
TOYOTA, Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for his seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
"We may have won but it was not easy at all," Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. "New Zealand defended very well."
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
By The Associated Press
Petal's 'Better Than You' Video Combats Artistic Self-Doubt
YouTube
In a striking scene that recurs throughout Petal's WXPN-premiered music video for the track "Better Than You," frontwoman Kylie Lotz engages in a nightmarish game of Whac-A-Mole. First, she's the one wielding a big foam hammer, face covered in grey carnival greasepaint, grinning hysterically as she dives after skittish heads popping out of the cork board below her. Later, she's one of those heads, nervously looking around and then retreating as a bigger, scarier version of herself lunges in.
Breaking down complex feelings of self-doubt surrounding creativity is just one introspective piece of Petal's sophomore album Magic Gone, produced by Will Yip and out in June on Run for Cover Records. Lotz said via press release that the album documents her journey from being a "closeted queer person struggling with chronic mental health disorders" to coming out, coming to terms with her anxieties, and making positive change in her life.
We hear that in the uplifting fuzz-rock riffs and soaring pop melodies on "Better Than You." And we see it in the video, directed by Christopher Good and designed by Andreina Byrne. In the high-energy, colorful montage, Lotz sings against bright backgrounds, plays with giant puzzles in a suburban parking lot, dances amid streamers hanging from a ceiling, and finds a palpable release by swinging a Fender Strat to tear them all down.
It's a fitting image for "Better Than You," a song that Lotz — a product of the Scranton, Pa. emo/punk scene — described on Twitter as being "about how the music industry makes you question everything about urself."
Sometimes you're the one with the brave face rocking the stage with bravado, socializing with other bands for hours on end after the gig is over; other times you're playing to an empty room, or worse, being ignored by a crowd who's there to see somebody else on the bill. As the existential questions start to circle round your head — 'What am I doing?,' 'Am I good enough for this?' — you want to be literally anywhere else.But the stage is exactly where you want to be and therein lies the problem.
As the chorus goes, "Maybe if you tried harder to seem like you didn't love it / But you do. But they're better than you."
The Hays Police Department responded to 4 animal calls and 18 traffic stops Mon., Aug. 7, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
Water Use Violation–2200 block Vine St, Hays; 1:41 AM; 1:50 AM
Animal Call–2500 block Virginia Dr, Hays; 2:15 AM
Animal At Large–41st and Hall St, Hays; 6:57 AM
Found/Lost Property–1600 block Allen St, Hays; 7:15 AM
Trash Dumping–200 block E 12th St, Hays; 8:07 AM
Animal At Large–11th and Oak St, Hays; 8:18 AM
Found/Lost Property–500 block Vine St, Hays; 9:41 AM
Obstruction of Legal Process–100 block W 12th St, Hays; 9:44 AM
Shoplifting–3300 block Vine St, Hays; 9:58 AM
Warrant Service (Fail to Appear)–100 block W 12th St, Hays; 11:24 AM
Driving While Suspended/Revoked–13th and Main St, Hays; 1:05 PM
Theft (general)–2900 block Sherman Ave, Hays; 8/6 9:30 PM; 8/7 7 AM
Harassment, Telephone/FAX–1000 block Reservation Rd, Hays; 3:57 PM
Abandoned Vehicle–500 block Halladay St, Hays; 4:14 PM
Criminal Damage to Property–300 block E 16th St, Hays; 3:30 PM; 9:53 PM
Warrant Service (Fail to Appear)–2700 block Vine St, Hays; 10:14 PM
Disturbance – Noise–200 block W 6th St, Hays; 10:32 PM
The Hays Police Department responded to 6 animal calls and 16 traffic stops Tue., Aug. 8, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
Lost Animals ONLY–100 block W 5th St, Hays; 01:30 AM
Traffic Stop–400 block W 8th St, Hays; 1:34 AM
Suspicious Activity–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 4:06 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–2500 block E 21st St, Hays; 8:04 AM
Animal At Large–21st and Canterbury, Hays; 9:11 AM
MV Accident-Private Property–2700 block Vine St, Hays; 2 PM
Theft (general)–1000 block Reservation Rd, Hays; 8/4 5 PM; 8/8 8 AM
Theft (general)–Hays; 7/23 3 PM; 11:59 PM
Theft (general)–Hays; 7/23 3 PM; 11:59 PM
Animal At Large–1800 block N Sternberg Ct, Hays; 11:21 AM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–200 block E 11th St, Hays;l 11:58 AM
Shoplifting–4600 block Jefferson Dr, Hays; 1:25 PM
Welfare Check–1000 block E 8th St, Hays; 1:57 PM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–200 block E 27th St, Hays; 5:30 PM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–32nd and Vine Street Frontage Rd, Hays; 5:44 PM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–1000 block E 33rd St, Hays; 6:55 PM
Credit Card Violations–200 block E 32nd St, Hays; 7:18 PM
Suicidal Subject–1300 block Kansas Highway 264, Larned; 8:56 PM
Drug Offenses–3400 block Vine St, Hays; 9:13 PM
The Hays Police Department responded to 9 animal calls and 12 traffic stops Wed., Aug. 9, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
Intoxicated Subject–200 block W 10th St, Hays; 12:21 AM
Criminal Trespass–100 block W 36th St, Hays; 12:29 AM
Burglary/business–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 4:26 AM
MV Accident-Hit and Run–300 block E 8th St, Hays; 8/8 10 AM; 8/9 8 AM
Suspicious Activity–700 block Fort St, Hays; 8:38 AM
Welfare Check–1300 block E 33rd St, Hays; 8:39:18 AM
Abandoned Vehicle–400 block W 23rd St, Hays; 8:54 AM
Assist – Other (not MV)–300 block W 33rd St, Hays; 10:40 AM
Assist – Other (not MV)–2200 block E 22nd St, Hays; 10:44 AM
Violation of Restraining Order/PFA–100 block W 12th St, Hays; 8/5 5:15 PM; 8/9 11:30 AM
Parking Complaint–2000 block MacArthur Rd, Hays; 11:32 AM
Shoplifting–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 12:26 PM
Probation/Parole Violation–1000 block Fort St, Hays; 12:35 PM
MV Accident-Private Property–2900 block Vine St, Hays; 1 PM
Suicidal Subject–200 block E 7th, Hays; 1:24 PM
Theft (general)–3500 block Canal Blvd, Hays; 7/25 5 PM; 8/9 1 AM
Juvenile Complaint–1200 block Main St, Hays; 2 PM; 2:33 PM
Found/Lost Property–100 block W 12th St, Hays; 3:10 PM
Mental Health Call–1400 block E 29th St, Hays; 3:41 PM
Traffic/Driving Complaint–2700 block Hall St, Hays; 3:50 PM
Drug Offenses–500 block E 20th St, Hays; 3:55 PM; 6 PM
Theft (general)–500 block E 8th St, Hays; 8/6 4 PM; 8/8 8:30 PM
Abandoned Vehicle–500 block E 6th St, Hays; 4:17 PM
Assist – Other (not MV)–1000 block Fort St, Hays; 5:50 PM
Mental Health Call–1400 block E 29th St, Hays; 6:21 PM
Mental Health Call–1400 block E 29th St, Hays; 6:21 PM 7:06 PM
Theft of Vehicle–300 block E 14th St, Hays; 8:50 PM; 8:57 PM
Theft (general)–1700 block Main St, Hays; 9:24 PM
Mental Health Call–100 block W 36th St, Hays; 10:06 PM
Suicidal Subject–500 block E 8th St, Hays; 10:24 PM
Lost Animals ONLY–100 block W 18th St, Hays; 11:20 PM
The Hays Police Department responded to 7 animal calls and 10 traffic stops Thu., Aug. 10, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
Burglary/residence–1700 block MacArthur Rd, Hays; 12:13 AM
Driving Under the Influence–600 block Fort St, Hays; 2:06 AM
Drug Offenses–1700 block MacArthur Rd, Hays; 2:07 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–1300 block W 43rd St, Hays; 9:22 AM
Fire–700 block E 6th St, Hays; 9:30 AM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–1000 block E 40 Bypass Hwy, Hays; 9:41 AM
Theft (general)–500 block W 7th St, Hays; 1:30 AM; 1:35 AM
Miscellaneous Investigation–700 block E 6th St, Hays; 10:52 AM
Civil Dispute–1300 block Schwaller Ave, Hays; 10:48 AM
Found/Lost Property–100 block W 12th St, Hays; 11:02 AM
Animal At Large–500 block W 24th St, Hays; 11:02 AM
MV Accident-Hit and Run–Allen St and Vine St, Hays; 12:01 AM; 6:30 AM
Suspicious Person–800 block Main St, Hays; 11:39 AM
Drug Offenses–500 block W 27th St, Hays; 1:12 PM
Welfare Check–1400 block E 29th St, Hays; 1:18 PM
Drug Offenses–1400 block E 29th St, Hays; 4:16 PM
Abandoned Vehicle–200 block E 5th St, Hays; 4:57 PM
Criminal Damage to Property–2900 block Vine St, Hays; 7:50 PM
Criminal Trespass–500 block Vine St, Hays; 10:25 PM
Warrant Service (Fail to Appear)–600 block block E 13th St, Hays; 11:23 PM
Suspicious Activity–2600 block Vine St, Hays; 11:25 PM
The music video for "Boombayah," K-pop band Black Pink's debut song, has reached over 200 million views on YouTube, according to the group's agency Monday.
The song, released in August of last year, reached the milestone on Sunday evening, YG Entertainment said, marking the single-largest YouTube view count for a debut song by any K-pop artist.
(YG Entertainment)
Three other songs by Black Pink -- "Playing with Fire," "Whistle" and "As If It's Your Last" -- have also been viewed more than 100 million times on the video-sharing platform.The four-member girl group, which includes a Thai member named Lisa, made its debut with "Square One" in August of 2016 and became last year's breakout rookie star. It is YG's first girl group in seven years after the now-disbanded 2NE1.Black Pink is set to make its Japanese debut Aug. 30. (Yonhap)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Italy secured a playoff spot as they laboured to a 1-1 draw against Macedonia in World Cup qualifying Group G.
Giorgio Chiellini put them ahead after 40 minutes, but Aleksandar Trajkovski struck 13 minutes from time to earn a point for Macedonia.
Elsewhere in Group G, Eitan Tibi's strike was enough for Israel to see off Liectenstein 1-0.
It was a dramatic night in Group I where Iceland put themselves in the box seat to qualify for the World Cup automatically.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
Goals from Berg Gudmundsson, Birkir Bjarnason and Kari Arnason give them a brilliant 3-0 win in Turkey, and Pyry Soiri's late equaliser for Finland in Croatia, who had earlier gone 1-0 up courtesy of Mario Mandzukic, means Iceland has a two-point buffer at the top of the group.
Ukraine are level on points with Croatia after Andriy Yarmolenko struck following Leart Paqarada's own goal to give them a 2-0 win in Kosovo.
In Group D, Serbia must win their final match against Georgia to guarantee top spot after losing 3-2 in Austria.
Luka Milivojevic and Nemanja Matic were on target for the Serbs but goals from Guido Burgstaller, Marko Arnautovic and Louis Schaub were enough to give Austria the points.
(Image: AFP)
Friday's World Cup qualifying results
Group D
Georgia 0-1 Wales
Austria 3-2 Serbia
Republic of Ireland 2-0 Moldova
Group G
Italy 1-1 Macedonia
Liechtenstein 0-1 Israel
Spain 3-0 Albania
Group I
Croatia 1-1 Finland
Kosovo 0-2 Ukraine
Turkey 0-3 Iceland
Yangon :Amnesty International is calling for a “strong resolution” over Myanmar's treatment of its Rohingya Muslim minority, as the country enters the spotlight of a rare UN Human Rights Council special session later Tuesday. Ahead of the council's session in Geneva, Amnesty urged members to keep the pressure on and said authorities in Buddhist-majority Myanmar are committing crimes against humanity that are continuing on a “daily basis”. “The Council must now step up and pass a strong resolution that sends a clear message to Myanmar's government and military that their abhorrent treatment of the Rohingya must end immediately, and that perpetrators will not enjoy impunity,” said James Gomez, Amnesty's regional director for Southeast Asia and the Pacific. Right groups say people are still fleeing Myanmar, joining refugees who give consistent accounts of murder
Orignally published by APP
Whatever happens Imran Tahir won't be the oldest man to play in a World Cup in England next year.
The leg spinner will be 109 days past his 40th birthday when the tournament ends on July 14.
But 16 other players have been there‚ done that at more advanced ages.
Top of a list that includes Omar Henry is Nolan Clarke‚ who was 47 years and 257 days old when he played the last of his five World Cup games for the Netherlands in Rawalpindi in March 1996.
The opposition? South Africa‚ who racked up 328/3 and won by 160 runs.
Half of the 18 players who have ended a World Cup over the age of 40 have been spinners.
That's good news for Tahir‚ who could do with some magic rubbing off on him as he prepares to take another shot at the glory that has eluded South Africa in their seven trips to the tournament.
Since the end of the 2015 World Cup‚ Tahir has played 47 one-day internationals in which he has claimed 69 wickets at an average of 29.17 and an economy rate of 4.94.
In those games‚ Tahir has failed to claim more than one wicket 24 times and been hit for a run a ball or more 10 times.
Before the 2015 World Cup‚ Tahir had 70 scalps at 20.51 and 4.35 runs an over in 38 games.
So he's taken one fewer wicket in nine more ODIs since 2015.
Even allowing for the vagaries of playing conditions and match situations‚ that's a decline significant enough to have pushed Tahir from No. 1 in the rankings — which he reached during the 2015 World Cup — to his current sixth position.
But‚ since Tahir made his ODI debut in February 2011‚ only Saeed Ajmal has taken more wickets among spinners in the format — one more — and only Shahid Afridi and Rashid Khan have claimed more five-wicket hauls.
Tahir is also South Africa's leading ODI spinner among current players by some distance‚ and among their all-time regular slow bowlers he's on top in terms of wickets and average.
And he's far from washed up.
In March last year Tahir delivered the most miserly performance yet by a South Africa bowler in an ODI when he took 2/14 from all 10 of his overs against New Zealand in Auckland.
In June 2016 he became the first bowler to claim seven wickets for South Africa in an ODI‚ grabbing 7/45 against West Indies in St Kitts which took him to 100 wickets in 58 games — the fewest by a South African in the format.
So selection convenor Linda Zondi has a decent argument when he says: “Imran is still our first-choice spinner. In fact‚ we're talking about who our second choice should be.”
Does that mean Tahir can pack his bags for England next year?
“Everything is geared towards the World Cup‚ but I'd be lying to you if I said any player already has a ticket to the tournament.”
Perhaps Tahir can jump the queue‚ and not only because at his age he is the closest thing South Africa have to a pensioner.
- TimesLIVE
Source: TMG Digital.
Based upon votes by the Mano Amigoes, CKMS Board members and Mano A Mano DJ's here are CKMS' Top Rock Releases of 2016.
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=csIaz1GS9i8&list= RDcsIaz1GS9i8 #1 – Hot Hot Heat – The Kid Who Stays in the Picture
#3 – Holy F – Tom Tom
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=yI2oS2hoL0k #4 Radio Head – Burn the Witch
https://smashboompow.bandcamp. com/ #5 Smash Boom Pow – Listen to Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=1inIFL2vdus&list=PLPXeD_ XEn2STaTmqL52-OSrBRi7zWGcQb& index=4 #6 BadBadNotGood – Confessions Part II Featuring Colin Stetson
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=XFs2RW1Oack #7 The Pack AD – Fair Enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=wJXL7nv6JdQ #8 The Wet Secrets – Quelle Supreme
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=bmXfUH7XG5w #9 Royal Canoe – Somersault
http://www.isomersmusic.com/ #10 Isomers – All Failures
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg has been caught in the middle of a fight at a university.
The outspoken Brexiteer appeared at a debate at Bristol University hosting by the University's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS).
But the meeting descended into violence as an angry mob of students charged forward and started pushing and throwing punches towards supporters of the Tory politician.
Mr Rees-Mogg can be seen in video footage trying to break up the violence and does not appear to be injured himself.
The North Somerset MP comes in between the aggressors, holding them at arm's length.
Someone who was present told the Daily Mirror: “About five people in balaclavas came in the back of the lecture theatre and started shouting.
“He went up to the back of the room and started talking to them. There was some kind of scuffle.
“The police were called and then they finally left and he carried on.”
A UWE student, Chloe Kaye, captured the incident on her phone, saying: "Huge amount of physical violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol".
(Image: PA)
A number of other people are seen filming the fight as well.
The Tory MP has told the Telegraph that he is "absolutely fine" and has "endured worse confrontations with The Guardian".
Mr Rees-Mogg claimed the students weren't there to listen to the debate and instead just wanted to stop the event.
He said they shouted "no platform for Tory scum".
He told The Telegraph: "I wanted to stop anyone being hit because the whole thing would have degenrated.
"I didn't think anyone was going to hit me so I felt quite safe intervening."
The university has issued a statement saying it is "appalled" at the actions of a "small number of attendees".
It added: "It is our understanding at this stage that a small group of protesters broke into the lecture theatre where the event was due to take place via the back doors.
"The police were called and our security attended. We understand that these protesters were not UWE Bristol students and did not have tickets for the event.
(Image: Reuters)
"The police are now working to identify the individuals.
"Once the situation was calmed, Mr Rees Mogg went ahead with his speech and was escorted back to his car after the event finished.
"Both security and the police stayed for the event to ensure everyone was safe.
"We support the democratic right of free speech and peaceful protest.
"However, we strongly condemn the actions of protesters who disruptued normal debate and behaved this way.
"There is no place for such action on a university campus or in a civilised society. We are delighted that Mr Rees Mogg was able to speak or debate with our legitimate student body in a respectful manner.
"We would like to thank him for his composure and actions to diffuse what must have been a challenging and unprovoked incident.
"We will work with the police to identify the individuals involved and take appropriate action."
Conservative Society Callum Tucker told the Guido Fawkes website: “I'm disappointed that uninvited individuals wearing balaclavas entered a private event in hostility.
"He was a gentleman who went to debate and understand them and they didn't want to listen.
"Violence has no place in society and freedom of speech should be protected.”
Labour MP Angela Rayner has said she "utterly condemn[ed]" an apparent attempt to disrupt Mr Rees-Mogg's speech.
(Image: PA)
"It's extremely intimidating for any MP who travels alone to an event to be treated like this," she added in a tweet.
The UWE Politics and International Relations Society declined to comment.
The event had been planned in advance by the society who said on their Facebook page they had sold out of tickets in the first seven minutes that they went on sale.
The Facebook post said: "We're really humbled that we sold out the tickets in 7 minutes so we thank you for the support you've all given for this event!
"If you did not get a ticket, do not worry as there will be some more available this time next week so we'll post that immediately for everyone!"
9th Circuit Court of Appeals Oral Argument in California Open Carry Appeal is Tentatively Scheduled for November
It looks like oral argument will take place in my Federal lawsuit this November, Charles Nichols v. Edmund Brown, Jr., et al.
My lawsuit seeks an injunction against California's 1967 ban on Loaded Open Carry as well as injunctions against the two recently enacted Unloaded Open Carry bans and injunctions against California's two handgun licensing laws which restrict licenses to openly carry handguns to counties with a population of fewer than 200,000 people.
It seems that one cannot lift up a rock without finding some critic of me and my lawsuit. Most of my critics simply hate the fact that Open Carry is, and always has been, the right guaranteed by the Second Amendment and that concealed carry is not a Second Amendment right, notwithstanding certain exceptions to the prohibitions on concealed carry such as for travelers and persons while actually on a journey.
As these are cowardly bottom dwelling creatures lacking even a hint of morality, the prospect of having to openly carry a firearm instead of being able to carry a concealed handgun for use in sneak attacks makes their pointy little heads spin like a top.
California‘s Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995
Some of my critics additionally attack me for not seeking an injunction against every California law, particularly the California Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995 which generally prohibits the carrying of handguns (but not long guns) on public streets and sidewalks within 1,000 feet of a K-12 public or private school.
I did not seek an injunction against California's Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995 for several reasons. Here are two reasons. First, when my lawsuit was first filed six years ago this November, no court of appeals had said that there was a right under the Second Amendment to carry a firearm in public, let alone a handgun which many courts had long considered suspect, even for possession in the home.
Had I sought an injunction against the carrying of handguns within 1,000 feet of a K-12 public or private school then the judge assigned to my case would have dismissed my lawsuit with prejudice simply saying that I seek to carry a firearm in sensitive public places and ignore the other relief I sought in my lawsuit, such as carrying loaded firearms for the purpose of self-defense in places that do not fall within 1,000 feet of a K-12 public or private school.
Secondly, my lawsuit was filed in the Central District of California which has strict page length limitations on briefs filed in one's case. It simply was not, and is not possible, to argue why an injunction should be issued against the Open Carry bans as well as the California Gun-Free School Zone Act in one lawsuit.
The state's attorney representing Governor Brown and the California Attorney General knew this. That is why the state's attorney made a couple of attempts to shoehorn a challenge to California's Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995 into my lawsuit.
He failed.
However, not seeking an injunction against California's Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995 does not mean I was blind to the ramifications of one not being able to carry a handgun on public streets and sidewalks within 1,000 feet of a K-12 public or private school.
An exception to this gun-free school zone ban on handguns is if one has a license to carry a concealable weapon issued pursuant to two California statutes. Note that I said “concealable weapon” and not “weapon concealed.” In California, a license to carry a concealable weapon “CCW” can be issued to allow one to carry a loaded handgun concealed or openly. The licenses to openly carry a handgun are limited to certain counties and are valid only in those counties.
And so I sought an injunction against those two handgun carry statutes in their entirety and, if the court does not strike them down in the entirety, then in the alternative I sought relief limited to licenses to openly carry handguns.
If I am successful then the prohibitions and “regulations” and restrictions on concealed carry licenses would remain unchanged but for a California handgun Open Carry license. The only thing you would have to do in order to obtain a license (no fees, tests, anything) is to provide the same identifying information you provide to a Federal firearms dealer when you purchase a firearm needed to perform an FBI instant background check.
And of course you would have to pass the FBI instant background check.
Given that the two state statutes which provide for the issuance of handgun carry licenses are the same two statutes which provide for the issuance of handgun carry licenses to judges, I'm pretty sure the licensing statutes won't be struck down in their entirety.
But let us assume that the majority of judges assigned to my appeal strike down California's handgun licensing laws in their entirety, or for everyone but judges.
The declaratory relief I sought in my lawsuit is much broader than the specific injunctive relief I asked for.
Declaratory Relief Requested in my Lawsuit
First a very brief explanation as to the difference between the injunctive and declaratory relief sought by my lawsuit.
An injunction is a command by the court. In my lawsuit it would be an Order prohibiting the state from enforcing, for example, California's 1967, Loaded Open Carry ban.
A declaration on the other hand establishes the rights and obligations of the parties.
If I obtain the declaratory relief I requested in my lawsuit then any state official or agent of the state (e.g., police officer) who enforces a law contrary to the Declaration granted by the court loses his or her qualified immunity from being personally sued.
As of today a police officer, for example, can enforce a law and even if the law is eventually held to be unconstitutional and even if it were obvious that the law was unconstitutional at the time he enforced it and yet he cannot be sued for monetary damages unless it was not clearly established at the time he violated your rights that your rights were being violated.
In these situations, he is granted qualified immunity which means he is immune from prosecution. But not so if there is a declaratory, or injunctive, judgment against a law.
And, of course, the Federal courts can sanction the offending government official, agent or employee with both monetary fines and incarceration once the Declaration (and/or Injunction) is issued.
One of the declarations I sought in my lawsuit is the title of this article:
A Declaration That Open Carry Is the Right Guaranteed by the Constitution in Non-Sensitive Public-Places.
The injunctive relief sought in my lawsuit is primarily limited to the three statutes prohibiting Loaded and Unloaded Open Carry of handguns and long guns and the two state statutes providing for handgun carry licenses.
However, if I win my appeal then I also obtain the declaration above and if I obtain the above declaration then Open Carry is the right throughout the 9th circuit court of appeals and the burden shifts to the government to prove that a particular public place is a sensitive public place pursuant to the Heller decision in both criminal court and in future lawsuits seeking an injunction against California's Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995 and, for that matter, against any state and local law within the jurisdiction of the 9th circuit court of appeals.
Schools and government buildings are presumptively sensitive places under Heller. Perhaps the government could make the case that the grounds where the government building or school is located is also a sensitive place and possibly even the parking lots adjacent to, or on the grounds of the government building or school is a “sensitive place.”
What the government will be hard pressed to do is to prove that a public sidewalk or street 999 feet away from a K-12 public or private school is a “sensitive place” under the Supreme Court Heller decision.
In any event, all the government needs to do today in order to prosecute you is to claim you were in a prohibited area within 1,000 feet of a K-12 public or private school in violation of the California Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995.
If I prevail in my appeal then in every future prosecution of every person who was openly carrying a firearm for the purpose of self-defense, including a handgun, the government will have to prove that both the “crime” was committed and that the crime was committed in a non-sensitive public place. And, as I indicated above, the same is true of every civil lawsuit seeking an injunction against any law in this circuit.
With the caveat that one would have to have a competent lawyer who knows about the declaration (or injunction) and who knows which paperwork to fill out.
By the way, my lawsuit seeks other declaratory relief as well which, if granted, will at least enable us to openly carry firearms for the purpose of self-defense without fear of arrest, prosecution, fine and imprisonment in places where it is now illegal, or where the law is vague, and to do so even if I were to be denied the injunctive relief I seek in my lawsuit. Namely:
A Declaration that Open Carry is the right guaranteed by the Constitution in non-sensitive public-places.
A Declaration that no license is required to openly carry a firearm for the purpose of self-defense.
A Declaration that a private motor vehicle and any attached campers or trailers are not public places and firearms may be carried therein.
A Declaration that private residential property is not a public place regardless of whether or not it is fully enclosed by a fence or barrier.
A Declaration that firearms openly carried which do not have live ammunition in the firing chamber are unloaded and that possession of matching ammunition with an openly carried unloaded firearm does not make the firearm “loaded” regardless of whether or not the ammunition is attached in any way to the firearm.
PLAINTIFF desires a judicial declaration of his rights and DEFENDANT'S duties namely, that California Penal Code Section 25850 infringes on PLAINTIFF'S Second, Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights to openly carry a loaded firearm in non-sensitive public places.
PLAINTIFF requests declaratory and/or prospective injunctive relief under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 against DEFENDANT HARRIS to prevent future violations of his Second Amendment right to openly carry a loaded firearm in non-sensitive public places for the purpose of self-defense and for other lawful purposes, his Fourth Amendment Right, and his Fourteenth Amendment rights to equal protection under the law and to due process. PLAINTIFF submits that no license is required to openly carry a firearm for the purpose of self-defense but if a license is required then PLAINTIFF and persons not prohibited from possessing a firearm have a liberty and/or property interest in a license and must be issued one.
Declaratory judgment that Penal Code section 25850, 26350, 26400, 26150, 26155, (plus ancillary licensing statutes requiring fees, good cause, etc) are invalid in that and to the extent that it is applied to prohibit private citizens who are otherwise qualified to possess firearms from openly carrying loaded firearms for the purpose of self-defense on their own property, in their vehicles and in non-sensitive public places.
Finally, my lawsuit is technically not limited to the injunctive and declaratory relief listed in my Complaint but realistically, this is my last gunfight in the courts. If I lose on appeal then I will file my cert petition (and writ for declaratory relief) with the US Supreme Court and leave it in their hands.
If I win then any future injunctive and declaratory relief will have to be sought by others in their own lawsuits.
I've been fighting this fight for seven years, nearly six of those years in court without the benefit of a lawyer or even the assistance of a paralegal because California prohibits paralegals from working for anyone but lawyers.
Last month marked the 50th anniversary of California's 1967 ban on Loaded Open Carry. In all that time my lawsuit was the first to challenge the ban as applied to firearms openly carried for the purpose of self-defense.
What does that say about the people of California? In 50 years I was the first to challenge the ban as applied to firearms openly carried for the purpose of lawful self-defense.
The National Rifle Association helped write the 1967 ban and endorsed its passage. For nearly all of this decade, the NRA was in Federal court arguing to uphold California's Open Carry bans and California's gun-free school zones.
The other so called gun-rights groups supported the NRA's war on the Second Amendment. Two of the groups, The Second Amendment Foundation (SAF) and the Calguns Foundation, had their own separate lawsuit which sought the destruction of the Second Amendment in pursuit of shall-issued concealed carry permits.
We live in a world where the so called gun-rights groups are the richest, most powerful supporters of anti-gun laws and yet people, who claim to support the Second Amendment, throw money at them hand over fist.
For me and for the just over 300+ souls who have supported me these past seven years I will continue to fight this fight to overturn California's Open Carry bans to the best of my ability. They are, after all, almost literally one in a million.
And I am not forgetting the few supporters I have who do not even live in the United States.
I often wonder if the opponents of Open Carry know what they are and, if they don't, I wonder what those of us who support Open Carry must look like to them.
Nothing says "comfort food" quite like a hot, zesty bowl of tomato soup. And if you are anything like me, this classic dish is like holding a delicious throwback to the golden days of your childhood right in your hands. However, the canned stuff can get pretty boring after a while — so I created this tomato soup recipe specifically designed for one person. In other words, the recipe only produces a single serving, making it perfect to make when you're cooking for yourself and don't want to deal with leftovers. Who knew that was even possible?
There is nothing more gratifying than making food from scratch, whether it is a single soft pretzel or a delicious stuffing recipe. Making just enough for one person also gives you the opportunity to use up leftover ingredients like onions, heavy cream, and of course: Tomatoes. It sure beats tossing everything in the trash. Additionally, I love making single serving recipes as a way to reduce food waste — and being able to enjoy a fresh batch of soup each and every time doesn't hurt, either.
If you have never made soup from scratch, don't fret. It is surprisingly easy to do, even for those who aren't well-versed in the kitchen. All you need to do is chop, simmer, and blend, according to the recipe below. Enjoy!
Tomato Soup For One
1 cup broth of choice
1 medium tomato or 14 ounces canned tomatoes
1 tablespoon heavy cream (optional)*
1/4 cup chopped onion
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 teaspoon garlic
1 teaspoon spices of choice
* If you prefer soup that is more like cream of tomato, add heavy cream.
Kirsten Nunez
1. In a small pot over low-medium heat, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onions. Saute until the onions turn soft and golden, about 10 minutes.
Kirsten Nunez
2. While the onion is cooking, dice the tomatoes.
Kirsten Nunez
3. Add the diced tomatoes, broth, and spices to the pot. If you are using tomato paste, add it now. Do not add the heavy cream just yet.
Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Stir the mixture often and make sure it does not come to a boil.
Kirsten Nunez
4. After 15 to 20 minutes, add the heavy cream.
Kirsten Nunez
5. Let the soup lightly cool, so that it is warm but not hot. Puree in a blender or food processor. Re-heat if necessary and top off with cheese, croutons, fresh basil, or a drizzle of heavy cream. Or how about all of the above?
Kirsten Nunez
Believe it or not, this was my first time making tomato soup... and I am obsessed. The flavor is nothing like the stuff from the can. It tastes fresh and homemade, just the way I like it.
As with all dishes made from scratch, you can tweak this recipe to your liking. Need some tasty inspiration? Here are a few ideas to get you started:
Tomato Paste
Tomato paste will amplify the flavor and color of your soup. However, since most of us probably do not have a tablespoon of tomato paste hanging around, it's OK to skip this ingredient.
Milk
For a richer "cream of tomato" version, simmer the tomatoes in just 1/2 cup of broth then blend with 1/2 cup milk of your choice. You can also stick to the original recipe and add 1/2 cup milk before blending. Don't be afraid to experiment with what you have on hand.
Vegetables
Bulk up the soup with veggies like beans, corn, or cauliflower. And if you're stuck with just part of one tomato? You can still make this recipe. Simply combine it with other vegetables like corn or beans for a hybrid soup. This approach also works if you need to use up a handful of grape tomatoes.
Hot Sauce
To take things up a notch, add a drizzle of your favorite hot sauce right before blending the soup. A teaspoon of paprika, chili powder, or Cajun seasoning will also do the trick.
Homemade Croutons
Out of croutons but have a slice of bread? Simply slice it into squares and toss with olive oil and spices. Bake for 15 minutes at 350 degrees Fahrenheit or until golden brown.
Kirsten Nunez
This almost makes winter a little easier to deal with.
Check out more Single Serving recipe ideas here for when your speed is less “entertaining my crew” and more “watching Netflix alone on my couch.”
WWE Rumor Mill: Potential name being discussed for the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2019
Phillipa Marie FOLLOW ANALYST Rumors 1.08K // 04 Jul 2018, 23:24 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
He would definitely be a popular addition to the class
What's the story?
Tough Enough winner Matt Cappotelli lost his battle with brain cancer last week and it's now being reported that WWE could be set to honor the former star with a place amongst the elite of wrestling next year.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
In case you didn't know...
Cappotelli won Tough Enough back in 2004 before he started experiencing a number of strange symptoms and was convinced to visit a doctor to get it checked out. It was later revealed that he was struggling with a brain tumor in December 2005 and was forced to step away from the wrestling business which meant that he also had to relinquish the OWV Championship.
The former Champion underwent surgery to remove the tumor in 2007 but it was reported that he may never return to the wrestling business despite the surgery being considered a success. After almost 10 years in remission, Cappotelli revealed last year that he was diagnosed with grade IV glioblastoma multiforme which was a much more aggressive form of cancer.
The heart of the matter
It was sadly revealed earlier this week that Cappotelli had lost his battle with brain cancer but RingSideNews recently reported that WWE has been discussing placing the former Champion in the WWE Hall of Fame next year as their Warrior Award recipient.
Mike Johnson of PWInsider noted that he thought that it was a good idea to add him to the class since it would raise awareness to brain cancer and remind everyone how much of a fighter he really was.
“They did mention to me that there have been discussions in their circle how Cappotelli should be honored with The Warrior Award. I'm all for it. I think it's a cool idea. I think it would be a positive way to remind everyone of a fighter he was. What a warrior he was and to raise some awareness to brain cancer.”
What's next?
The 2019 Hall of Fame induction ceremony is still a long way away and is expected to take place on April 5th, as part of WrestleMania weekend, but it would be a nice touch to have Cappotelli added to the class.
Would you like to see Matt Cappotelli honored with a Hall of Fame induction? Have your say in the comments section below...
Buyers are going for the 2017 Land Rover Discovery HSE Luxury Td6 due to its enticing styling inside and out, clever technology features that enhance family friendliness, and off-road capabilities that definitely exceed expectations.
The odds are good that you will find few obstacles off-road that the Discovery cannot handle.
The fifth-generation Land Rover Discovery is all new, replacing the LR4. Luxurious, bold looking, and highly comfortable with loads of space and compartments for everything. This unusual blend of luxury and all-terrain capabilities leaves the Discovery with few competitors outside of Land Rover's own stable.
For 2017, the boxy shape is gone, replaced by graceful styling outside and a more luxurious interior. But don't think the softer lines mean that the Discovery isn't just as capable as ever.
With seating for up to seven adults, the 2017 Land Rover Discovery has a large, airy cabin that remains quiet even at highway speeds.
There are top-notch materials throughout, and the sophisticated design makes the Discovery's cabin a nice place to spend your time.
Available in three trim levels — SE, HSE and HSE Luxury — the Discovery I tested was the latter. All models have seating for seven, but stepping up to the HSE Luxury gets you the 20-inch wheels, LED headlights, and a navigation system offered in the mid-range HSE package, but adds a panoramic sunroof, an air suspension, premium leather, and power-folding third-row seats.
Also available is a smartphone app that can reconfigure the seats and activate the climate control remotely, a power inner tailgate to use as a bench or assist in loading bulky items, a waterproof activity key that looks like a fitness tracker bracelet and locks or unlocks the vehicle, and a trailer assist system that takes the guesswork out of reversing with a trailer. It also offers the typical advanced safety features found on other luxury SUVs, along with an automated parking system.
The Td6 HSE has a 3.0-liter turbodiesel V-6 diesel putting out 254 horsepower, with 443 pound-feet of torque at 1,750 rpm. An eight-speed automatic is the only transmission offered, and my model came with a two-speed transfer case for increased off-road capabilities.
Acceleration is seamless, as the transmission shifts quite smoothly and quietly. Steering is precise and responsive, handling well for a vehicle of its size and weight.
The Td6 weighs in at 5,582 pounds. But keep in mind this generation has dropped more than 1,000 pounds over its predecessor. The Td6 tows up to 7,716 pounds.
A nice feature is that the lane-keeping assist is selectable, separate from lane warning, and remains on even if cruise control is not active.
Off-road, the Discovery has few peers. The auto terrain response automatically adjusts to the terrain, such recognized it had moved to deep sand.
Inside, I really like the material choices that make the cabin feel premium. The graining and textures are sort of nontraditional. There is a pebble grain on a soft-touch leatherette type material. On the top there is what looks like a wire mesh under a gold tent varnish, which is an interesting replacement for wood, and then there is brushed metal trim surrounding the center console.”
There are three rows of quite comfortable seats, 21 seating configurations, and a number of motors to make the power adjustments. And with regard to the infotainment system, while it is much improved, the volume button is situated on the passenger side, making it hard to reach.
The base price for the Discovery with a diesel is $66,945, but the sticker on our test model was $79,950. Fuel economy comes in at a respectable 21 city and 26 highways.
Grant Miller is the publisher of Miami's Community Newspapers. He may be contacted by calling 305-662-2277 or via email at grant@communitynewspapers.com.
Reader needs to tell her husband his outbursts are unacceptable, says Ellie. Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Our son, 25, moved back home last year, with his (now) fiancée, 23. We created a basement living space for them. My son works, she attends university on a student loan. He pays a modest “rent” and does their ‘housekeeping' — laundry, dishes, etc. We were one big happy family — she even called me ‘Mama' — until recently. When my husband drinks too much, little things will set him off. He becomes loud, aggressive, and rarely, will throw things. He's never hit our children or me. I learned long ago it's best to not comment, argue, placate… only discuss things when he's clearer-headed. Two months ago, he flew off the handle. My son was at work. My future daughter-in-law, who had a difficult childhood and is currently estranged from her own father, was upset by the tirade. She came upstairs and told him so. He responded as one would expect. She threw back a few expletives then stormed out of the house.
Article Continued Below
Via text, I said she was out of line; she argued she had every right given she lives there too. She returned with my son but said she'd move out when her work contract expired. Due to health reasons, she cut her contract short and has spent the past month as a hermit in the basement. She no longer joins us for dinner (our son does). She says nothing when she leaves or returns. She avoids my husband but is no different with my daughter and me. We just have to go to her. Apparently, my son acts the same with her as he did before this happened. I don't know whether to say something. Meantime, my husband's dislike for her grows, as all she does is watch TV, play video games and sleep.
Mama in the Middle Your husband's in the wrong, even in his own home. Unfortunately, he's excused when he's aggressive and belligerent on the too-much-drink excuse, enabled to repeat the behaviour. You all knew your future daughter-in-law's history with her own father. Was she warned about your husband's tirades? Has your son decided your model of accepting his outbursts is OK? If you don't want to lose your son once the couple has their own home, you all need to address the bully elephant in the room. “Dad” unleashes serious anger issues through alcohol. He's pushing his son's future wife away, and she may well want to protect your future grandchildren from him. Get to an Al-Anon support group for people/families living with alcoholism and alcohol-fueled outbursts. Remember, he just hasn't hit anyone… yet. Try to calm your son's fiancée, telling her you understand her hurt and fear, and hope changes can be made in the home environment. Reader's commentary: “I was assigned a new work partner. Colleagues' warnings arrived about his huge ego, moodiness and that he says things he won't later acknowledge. “He's inconsiderate of others' needs and feelings, and a manipulator. “I'd previously worked with difficult personalities, but managed to remain optimistic. “This time was more difficult. I soon felt disrespected as a person and as a worker. “I'd been enthusiastic initially but started to “fight” back. He didn't like it. “So, instead, I started to help more just to make peace. “I tried to understand why he behaved tough. I found he'd had very difficult times in life with a lot of loss. I learned that revenging never helps. I then acknowledged any success and appreciated good things done, because we all have low times when we need emotional support. “It worked!” Tip of the day Alcohol-fueled bullying isn't excusable. Period. Read Ellie Monday to Saturday. Email ellie@thestar.ca or visit her website, ellieadvice.com. Follow @ellieadvice.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Sacramento Kings rookie Harry Giles will not play until at least January while he rehabs his surgically repaired knees.
Giles is the 20th overall draft pick out of Duke. He missed summer league to rest his left knee. The team said Friday he will work with the training staff to build strength and endurance. He will participate in some "controlled" parts of practice.
Giles had an arthroscopic procedure on his left knee last October after a ligament tear during high school in 2013. He also tore a ligament in his right knee in 2015.
The Kings say they are taking a "methodical approach" and Giles will be "reevaluated routinely throughout the program."
This week, President Trump greeted French President Emmanuel Macron, who's in Washington for a three-day visit to the White House. Donald Trump, Melania Trump, Macron, and French first lady Brigitte Macron all appeared in front of the press, and many noted a series of awkward physical encounters between them. Bustle asked several body language experts about Trump and Melania's hand-holding struggles, as well as other interactions between them on Tuesday.
In one clip from Tuesday, Trump is seen attempting to hold Melania's hand, brushing his fingers against hers for several seconds, but she doesn't react or take his hand. After about 10 seconds, she finally acquiesces. In another interaction, Trump appeared to give Melania a "phantom kiss," stopping several inches short of actually touching his wife but planting a bona fide smooch on Brigitte's cheek.
Body language expert Chris Ulrich tells Bustle that it's important to view interactions such as this in context, and that while it may be tempting to draw sweeping conclusions about the first couple's relationship based on their difficulty in holding hands, it's a bit more complicated than that.
"We don't know what it's about," Ulrich tells Bustle. "It could be like, 'no, not now, now's not the right time.' Or it could be, 'don't you try to hold my hand!' We don't know." He added that it's entirely possible that the two were simply unsure of what's the proper hand-holding protocol at an official state dinner.
Nevertheless, Ulrich says that in the totality of Trump's interactions with Melania, "there's a perceived tension going on between the two of them," and that "we continue to see signs of it" in their public appearances. He notes that the two are often "not in congruence" when they walk side by side, and that this can give an impression of separation between the two of them.
"When we see those moments between Trump and Melania, there's a perception that there is potential tension there," Ulrich says. "What that tension is about, we don't know. If we really wanted to know, we'd have to sit them down, or at least ask her, 'what's going on for you? Why did you snap his hand away?'"
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Another expert on body language, Patti Wood, tells Bustle that the awkward hand-holding might indeed tell us something — not about the Trumps' relationship, but about the president's political calculus.
"He made multiple attempts [to hold her hand], which is a little more humbling on his part — giving away a little bit of his power to do so," Wood tells Bustle. "And the way he did it was slightly tender."
But that doesn't mean Trump's attempt at hand-holding was motivated by tenderness, or indeed, by anything relating to his relationship with his Melania. Wood believes that instead, Trump was aware of Macron's presence, and may have simply been trying to avoid being outdone by his guest.
"I was seeing Macron with his wife, and how affectionate they are, and how happy she was, and even her making a little bit of an attempt to make sure she was holding hands with her husband," Wood explains. "I believe Trump's motivation in that moment, putting his fingers out to hold her hand, was so that he would look better."
Mark Wilson/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Interestingly, both Ulrich and Wood point out that there's been a marked change in how Trump and Melania interact since Trump launched his political career. Ulrich says that Melania was "much more at ease" in her public appearances before Trump was a presidential candidate, while Wood notes that two "had a very affectionate relationship" when they were merely private citizens.
This changed when Trump entered politics, however. Melania has been "incredibly tense" in Trump's presence since he became a politician, Wood says, "with her arms close to her body and her legs close together," while Trump too has backed off of the physical affection.
Pool/Getty Images News/Getty Images
"To me, changes of any kind are revealing," Wood adds. "[Trump] made a decision early on in his run for office not to be sexually affectionate with her in public, and I believe that was a bid for power. I think he said, 'I want to be seen as their president, and I want to be seen as powerful.'"
Lastly, Wood notes that the phantom kiss incident between Trump and Melania from Tuesday may not be as meaningful as it appeared. Wood explains: "He didn't know how to get around her hat."
Everyone's favourite dancing show may have lost a pro at the beginning of the year (goodbye Brendan Cole) but the new Strictly Come Dancing pro line-up is going to put a smile back on your face. BBC bosses announced on Wednesday that three newbies are joining the team, and it looks like they are going to up the ante once again. Time to get excited.
The new additions include Italian Latin Champion Graziano Di Prima, South African Latin Champion Johannes Radebe, and four-time winner of the Italian Dance Championship Luba Mushtuk, this year's pro cast is set to be Strictly's biggest and best yet. The BBC have revealed that for the first time ever, the professionals will total 18. That's one more pro than usual, which suggests there may be an additional celeb taking to the ballroom this autumn. This year's newbies will be joined by the regulars made up of AJ Pritchard, Aljaž Škorjanec, Amy Dowden, Anton Du Beke, Dianne Buswell, Giovanni Pernice, Gorka Marquez, Janette Manrara, Karen Clifton, Katya Jones, Kevin Clifton, Nadiya Bychkova, Neil Jones, Oti Mabuse, and Pasha Kovalev.
The news comes after Brendan Cole, who had starred in the show since day one, announced that the BBC hadn't renewed his contract for the 16th series. Speaking on Lorraine Kelly's ITV chat show, he told the host that he was "disappointed." The 42-year-old dancer said: "This is quite hard to talk about. The BBC haven't renewed my contract — we get renewed year on year — and they made an editorial decision not to have me back on the show."
BBC
According to a report by The Telegraph, Cole auditioned for the judging role but was turned down in favour of the ballroom legend, Shirley Ballas. The BBC responded in a statement, saying: "We'd like to thank Brendan for being part of the show since the beginning – winner of the first series – and for the contribution he has made to its success. We wish him all the very best for the future." While Cole and Ballas often had a fraught on screen relationship, she has since denied any falling out between the pair. During an interview with Hello! Ballas said: "I don't have any recollection on a personal level of bridges ever being broken or rebuilt between me and Brendan."
Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Fellow professional Chloe Hewitt will also not be returning this year despite only joining the show in 2016. The 22-year-old rose to fame in dancing circles for her Latin work with (yet another) Strictly pro AJ Pritchard. In April, The Sun confirmed that Hewitt had been axed from the series.
But away from the sad news and back to this year's new additions. With each of the three professionals specialising in exotic forms of dance, expect to see some real spice added to Strictly 2018. Here's what the BBC have told us ahead of the show returning:
Graziano Di Prima
BBC
Hailing from Sicily, Graziano Di Prima has toured the world as part of dance company Burn The Floor. The 24-year-old has already won his fair share of accolades including making the top 24 at the Latin World Championships and representing Belgium at the same competition. "This is my dream come true!" he said in a statement. "I still can't believe I will be one of the professional dancers on Strictly Come Dancing. I can't wait to give all of myself on the dance floor."
Johannes Radebe
BBC
A little older than the rest, 31-year-old Johannes Radebe was born in South Africa. He has already experienced Strictly life after appearing on the series' South African version for two seasons. (The others had better watch out as he reached the final in both years.) Radebe was also named the Professional South African Latin Champion twice and won the amateur award three times. In a statement, he described joining Strictly as "one of the greatest achievements of [his] dancing career." He added: "It is such an honour to be chosen to be a part of an incredible cast and be part of one of the biggest shows that is celebrated worldwide. I cannot wait to get started and experience the magic with the UK!"
Luba Mushtuk
BBC
The only new woman to be joining the cast, Russian-born Luba Mushtuk is an Italian dance champion. A four-time winner of the Italian Dance Championship and a champion of the Italian Open Latin Show Dance, the 28-year-old has been working behind the scenes as a Strictly choreographer since 2016. You may also have spotted her on stage in the West End and on Broadway in productions of Burn The Floor. "Words cannot express how thrilled I am to do what I love most on the greatest show on earth," Mushtuk commented in a statement. "I am super excited and so thankful for this priceless opportunity. I can't wait to get started as a professional dancer on Strictly. Bring on the sparkle!"
You can catch all three of the new faces on the 16th season of Strictly Come Dancing which is expected to air this September.
The prospect of a Trump rethink challenges the hopes of the colonist lobby, a driving force in Netanyahu's right-wing coalition government, and others on the Israeli right who want to see at least partial annexation of the Occupied West Bank.
In an interview published on Friday in the pro-Netanyahu daily Israel Hayom, Trump said colony growth was not “good for peace”. Netanyahu has announced more than 5,000 colony homes since Trump's January 20 inauguration, as well as the first new colony for more than 20 years. Around 600,000 Israelis currently live in colonies in the occupied West Bank and occupied East Jerusalem, communities considered illegal by the United Nations and most world powers. “For (the past) three weeks Donald Trump has been speaking differently,” said Michael Oren, deputy minister in charge of diplomacy in Netanyahu's office. Netanyahu himself said at Sunday's weekly cabinet meeting that strengthening Israel's ties with its historic ally “requires a responsible and considered policy, and that is how I intend to act”. “I have navigated Israeli-US relations in a prudent manner and I will continue to do so now,” he told ministers and media. His comments may have been aimed at education minister and staunch colony backer Naftali Bennett, of the far-right Jewish Home party. On Sunday, Bennett urged Netanyahu “not to miss a historic opportunity” provided by Trump's election and to drop his declared support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. “Netanyahu, please make it clear to Trump in our name: There will not be a Palestinian state in the heart of our land,” he wrote on Twitter. “It will not happen.” Such ministerial statements ahead of the White House meeting “can only sabotage our relationship with Donald Trump”, said a senior Israeli official, speaking on condition of anonymity. Oren said Netanyahu should not discard the two-state option, which envisions a Palestinian state alongside Israel. “Benjamin Netanyahu must present the two-state solution as a vision, and sketch pending possible interim agreements acceptable to the Palestinians,” he said. Netanyahu will expect to find a friendly ear on the subject of Israel's arch-foe Iran. “Iran seeks to annihilate Israel, it says so openly, it seeks to conquer the Middle East, it threatens Europe, it threatens the West, it threatens the world,” he said last week at a meeting in London with British Prime Minister Theresa May. He bitterly opposed former president Barack Obama's backing of a 2015 deal between Tehran and the major powers. The agreement obliged Iran to curtail its nuclear programme and halt any nuclear weapons research in exchange for relief from US and international sanctions. Trump has called it the “worst deal ever negotiated”. More from Palestine Gaza patients denied right to get treatment
German-Israeli summit delayed after colony row
Netanyahu seeks no gaps with Trump in talks
Palestinians decry bill banning call to prayer
February 2, 2018 (KHARTOUM) - The Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North led by Malik Agar (SPLM-N Agar) Friday said they declined a call by the African Union mediation for a consultations meeting and called for a new approach leading for a comprehensive settlement for the Sudanese crisis.
Agar (R) and Jalab shake hands in a picture released on 30 August 2017 (ST Photo)
The Sudanese government and the SPLM-N led by Abdel Aziz al-Hilu are negotiating a cessation of hostilities agreement in Addis Ababa, as the SPLM-N Agar was only invited to a consultations meeting on the roadmap agreement.
The opposition groups including SPLM-N Agar decided to not take part in the consultation pointing to confiscation of freedoms, the crackdown on the opposition forces inside the country and the lack of regional or international condemnation.
In a statement released on Friday, SPLM-N Agar secretary-general and chief negotiator Ismail Jalab reiterated they would not take part in the consultations, calling on the African Union High-Level Implementation Panel (AUHIP) to work for the release of political leaders arrested after recent protests against the rising prices.
"The SPLM asked the African mediation to adopt a new approach and methodology to deal with the Sudanese issue, and not to continue the old fashion that did not reach tangible results,". said Jalab. He added the regime is not serious to reach peace but using the negotiation process to gain time and to consolidate itself in order to increase repression on the opposition.
The secretary-general further said that Agar in his response to the AUHIP invitation has recalled the mediation that addressing the Sudanese crisis requires a comprehensive approach starting by prioritising the humanitarian issue as well as the specificities of the war zones.
"This is a key to the permanent political solutions to Sudan's crises," Jalab stressed.
Sadiq al-Mahdi the leader of the opposition National Umma Party (NUP) said he would travel to Addis Ababa to brief the mediation on the position of the Sudan Call forces which includes the political and armed groups.
Also, the Sudanese Revolutionary Front led by Minni Minnawi dispatched a delegation to Addis Ababa to meet the SPLM-N al-Hilu to discuss ways to coordinate positions in the political process and its position from the Sudan Call forces.
POLITICAL TALKS
Ina related development, the mediators are planning to gather the government and SPLM-N al-Hilu delegations in a joint meeting on Saturday to discuss with them for the second time a draft agreement on the cessation of hostilities.
The government team spokesperson Hassan Hamid expressed hope that the SPLM-N al-Hilu espouses the government position for a cessation of hostilities leading directly to a permanent ceasefire, security arrangements, delivery of humanitarian aid and a comprehensive political process for peace in the Two Areas.
(ST)
Oof. Talk about a rough series of events for Marquette King.
Trailing the Broncos 16-7 in the third quarter on Sunday, the Raiders decided to run a fake punt with King, who was a second-team All-Pro punter last year. Denver receiver Jordan Taylor was not surprised by the fake, tackling King behind the line of scrimmage.
A frustrated King reacted after the play by throwing the football at the back of Broncos fullback Andy Janovich and he received a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty for his outburst.
Marquette King calls a fake punt from his own 30. Then gets a penalty for throwing the ball at a Denver player. @PatMcAfeeShow pic.twitter.com/9uNXwtCwPz — Football Dungeon (@DuaneLively) October 1, 2017
That's not the end of the story, though!
The NFL fined King $9,115 for his actions, NFL Network's Ian Rapoport reported on Friday. So the sixth-year specialist miserably failed on a fake punt, cost his team 15 yards and was fined to top it off.
Besides that incident in Denver, King's had a pretty good season. He's averaging 52.6 yards per punt with a long of 65 yards and nine punts booted inside his opponents' 20-yard line.
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - A Pennsylvania man who repeatedly stabbed a woman in an Atlantic City casino parking garage last year and then locked her in his car before she eventually escaped from the moving vehicle has pleaded guilty to attempted murder.
David Legette, 54, of Bristol, entered his plea Tuesday as part of a deal with Atlantic County prosecutors. It was made public on Wednesday.
Atlantic County Prosecutor's Office David Legette, 54, of Bristol.
Legette now faces a 16-year state prison term when he's sentenced July 20.
The Pennsylvania woman had an active restraining order against Legette when the attack occurred on July 2, prosecutors said, adding that the pair had previously been involved in a romantic relationship.
While they were in the garage, Legette pulled out a knife and stabbed her 19 times. He then locked her inside the car, using the vehicle's child-lock feature to make sure she couldn't escape.
As Legette drove in nearby Ventnor a short time later, the woman reached out of the window and opened the door from the outside, prosecutors said. She then rolled herself out of the car and landed in the middle of the road as Legette drove off.
Witnesses saw the woman escape and quickly called 911 as Legette sped away from the scene. The woman identified Legette as her attacker to officers at the scene. He was located and arrested in Bristol on July 2 of last year, and prosecutors said the victim's DNA was found inside the vehicle.
The woman survived the ordeal. Besides the numerous stab wounds, she also suffered a partially eviscerated intestine and a lacerated liver and spleen.
WWE News: Bruce Prichard reveals the most demanding Superstar Vince McMahon had to work with
It was a man who propelled the WWE to dizzying heights of popularity during the Attitude Era.
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey News 15 Jun 2017, 10:19 IST
The WWE had several big egos during the Attitude Era
What's the story?
Former WWE producer Bruce Prichard, while speaking on his podcast called “Something To Wrestle With”, has revealed the name of the most demanding Superstar that Vince McMahon “had to work with”.
Prichard stated that the most demanding Superstar was Stone Cold Steve Austin and went into further detail explaining why.
In case you didn't know...
Bruce Prichard is a former WWE on-air personality who was known as “Brother Love” during his time with the company. As Brother Love, Prichard was the first manager of The Undertaker and had accompanied The Dead Man during the latter's initial days with the promotion.
Later, Bruce Prichard's role in the company had changed into more of a backstage one and he was often referred to as Vince McMahon's “right-hand man”. Prichard worked a producer and backstage agent for the company till 2008 for a time period spanning 22 years until he left and subsequently joined Impact Wrestling,
After being released from TNA in 2013, Prichard joined the promotion once again in 2017 and is now an advisor as well as an on-air personality at the promotion which is now known as Impact Wrestling.
The heart of the matter
Bruce Prichard was asked on his podcast whether the most demanding Superstar was Stone Cold Steve Austin, to which he replied affirmatively, and stated that Austin had to be put over because he made the most money for the company.
Also read: 10 best Stone Cold Steve Austin quotes
Prichard stated that the company made Austin do every appearance that he possibly could, including Make-A-Wish appearances, television shows and radio spots. In return, according to Prichard, Austin would want “the best of the best from everybody at all times”.
Prichard was quoted as saying:
“He wanted the best creative. He wanted to be catered to. He didn't want to have to worry about anything else. He wanted his s**t done. He was demanding but he wasn't that hard to deal with.”
Stone Cold Steve Austin, as per Prichard, was “straightforward” to deal with and that he didn't leave his opinion of someone to speculation. Prichard stated that even though Austin was very demanding, he was clear about what he wanted and that was something that was appreciable.
What's next?
Bruce Prichard hosts a weekly podcast with Conrad Thompson titled “Something to Wrestle with”. The podcast features Prichard's take on several professional wrestling related topics and can be heard on MLWRadio. The latest episode of the podcast is a Stone Cold Steve Austin special.
Austin, on the other hand also has his own podcast titled the “Steve Austin Show”.
Author's take
If Stone Cold Steve Austin was the most demanding wrestler on WWE's roster, then he was that way for a very good reason.
Austin's steadfast work ethic and his determination were, in part, what propelled the WWE to the heights that it achieved during the Attitude era and it's hard to imagine the dizzying heights that the company's popularity had reached during the late 90s, had it not been for Austin.
Here's hoping that Stone Cold Steve Austin continues to be a source of inspiration for the current and future crop of WWE Superstars!
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
NEW PICTURE: Here's a more recent photograph of Steven Wiggins, from a 2017 arrest in Williamson County. pic.twitter.com/qDSMgKBNMN — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Tennessee authorities say a sheriff's deputy has been fatally shot and a suspect believed to be "armed and dangerous" is still at large.A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesman told news outlets the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday after a vehicle was reported stolen.A police source told WKRN-TV that the deputy tried to stop a driver with an expired tag around 7 a.m.. A short chase took place and then shots were exchanged.The Humphreys County Sheriff's Office identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, who is described as a white male with balding brown hair.
Islamabad
The AJK Prime Minister Raja Farooq Haider on Saturday said that the day is not far when Jammu & Kashmir will become Pakistan as no one can stop freedom movement of Kashmiris. ‘Kashmiris do not have any option other than Pakistan and have been trying to become a part of the country since the past 70 years, this was expressed by Prime Minister AJK in a message on 5th February in an exclusive interview to media persons. He said both Kashmir and Pakistan are incomplete without each other because Kashmir is a integral part of Pakistan. Kashmirs believed in their attachment and accession to Pakistan as the strongest part of their belief being the matter of life and death for them, he added.
PM AJK said Kashmirs got strength when Pakistan expresses solidarity with struggles of independence. He also expressed gratitude for media and people of Pakistan for supporting Kashmir cause. Kashmiri and Pakistani expatriate community particularly the educated youth can play a significant role in sensitizing the international community about the early resolution of Kashmir dispute, he highlighted.
‘Youth should play their role to create public awareness on Kashmir dispute said, ‘Kashmir issue is an international dispute and therefore the world community as a whole should play its role to resolve it peacefully'. Kashmiris will continue with their struggle till freedom comes, said, adding, the sacrifices of youth won't go waste and nobody will be allowed to barter these sacrifices. Praising the people of Kashmir especially youth for following the programs of pro-freedom leadership, he said arrests, curfew and restrictions can't weaken the ongoing freedom struggle.
Meanwhile, Advocate Supreme court, Azad Jammu and Kashmir Rahat Farooq Raja on Saturday said that the sacrifices of Kashmiri women in the freedom movement are unprecedented and commendable. In an interview to PTV news, while appreciating the role of Kashmiri women, she said the courageous women of Kashmir always stood upright with men in every phase of the struggle whether it was political or armed.
She further said the history of Kashmir, women have played very important role along with men both in the Independence movement and other empowering movements which were part of it. Rahat Farooq said women in Indian Occupied Jammu and Kashmir have written a new history of valour by fighting Indian repression with courage and determination.
She said in Jammu and Kashmir, women have suffered both at the hands of the militarized occupation and the patriarchal society. Kashmiri women have dominated the struggle for justice in these cases of killings, disappearances, she added. It is the women who have always been the first to protest on streets, file cases in the courts, campaign for justice and also sustain the memory of the sufferings, she said. Whether the mothers, wives, sisters and daughters of the killed and the disappeared or the women who were raped or molested, the women in Jammu and Kashmir have shown exemplary courage in fighting against the injustice, she mentioned.
Meanwhile, it is reported from Multan that different political parties have pledged to mark Kashmir Solidarity Day on February 5 to seek a resolution of the Kashmir issue according to United Nations resolutions and aspirations of the Kashmiri people. Seminars, rallies and different ceremonies will be held in the city to show solidarity with Kashmiri people.
Pakistan Muslim League-N former MNA Sheikh Tariq Rasheed told APP here on Friday that his party would observe the Kashmir Solidarity Day by holding a seminar at Raza Hall on Monday. He said that PML-N leaders MNA Abdul Ghaffar Dogar, MPAs Hajji Ehsan-ud-Din Qureshi, Shahzad Maqbool Bhutta, Mayor Municipal Corporation Naveed-ul-Haq Arain, ex minister for Prisons Chaudhry Abdul Waheed Arain and others would speak. He said that a rally would also be taken-out in this connection.—APP
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We've all seen this one before.
The disastrous first-leg surrender putting Arsenal in a near-insurmountable hole before the brave - but ultimately fruitless - second-leg rally as Bayern Munich march on to the Champions League sharp end.
It's a well-worn and painful Groundog Day for Gunners fans to watch through their fingers about this time each and every year.
And with Carlo Ancelotti's men coasting clear in the Bundesliga once more it'll surely simply be a case of more of the same this time around too then?
Well maybe not.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Reuters)
This has become one of the European top table's most commonly served dishes of late - the two have drawn each other four times in the last five seasons, the most recent of which only last year in the tournament group stages.
The Gunners split the series that time around, winning at the Emirates before going on to lose - badly - at the Allianz Arena a month later.
Sadly for Arsenal the latter has very much become the norm in recent times as the Bavarian giants have time and again cut Arsene Wenger's team to ribbons on the game's biggest stage.
So it's understandable then that fans watched on in horror in December when they were drawn out together again in this season's last-16.
And on the face of it you'd be right to feel that way.
After all all is well on the home front as ever.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Harry Redknapp backs Bayern to '100 per cent beat Arsenal' Share this video Watch Next
They are unbeaten since November and, despite the challenge from an unfamiliar foe in Red Bull Leipzig, still sit seven points clear at the top and look on course for a fifth league title in a row in Ancelotti's first season in charge.
European progression has been pretty straightforward too with, despite a loss at Atletico and a shock reverse in Russia to FC Rostov, passage to the business end for the five-time winners coming with relative ease.
But despite those positives this Bayern team aren't quite the Bayern team we've so often seen before.
Fresh from three years of attractive results and even more attractive football under Pep Guardiola, Bayern fans are having to get used to Ancelotti's more circumspect and pragmatic playing style.
They're scoring less and have fewer points than this time last year and only scraped past lowly Ingolstadt at the weekend thanks to two injury time goals.
(Photo: Bongarts)
(Photo: Alexander Hassenstein)
With pressure mounting club chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge has been moved to publicly back his under-fire manager and his under-performing team.
“There is no need to be pessimistic," he said. "We have seen the team can step it up at the right moment.”
But it's not only on the pitch where chinks in the usually impregnable Bavaria armour have begun to show - there are many more off it too.
It began with Thomas Muller , so often their go to in the very biggest moments, appearing to fall out of favour in the new regime with Lothar Matthaus calling into question just how suited he is to Ancelotti's system.
Just a single goal in 17 appearances this term suggest the club legend may well be right.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in The midfielder limped out of training today Share this video Watch Next
Then came Douglas Costa who only last week made the not so subtle - and extremely public - hint he wants an improved deal with the club.
"We got some strong offers from China and also from big clubs from Europe. When the season is over, we will sit down and analyse everything," he told Bild .
That move in turn went down particularly poorly with the powers that be with the Brazilian's efforts blasted as a "desperate attempt" by club president Uli Hoeness.
But it is Philipp Lahm's decision to announce his retirement - against the club's wishes - and walk away from the place he has called home since the age of 11 that has really upset the balance.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: 2016 Getty Images)
Club captain Lahm will leave at the end of the season and although likely to return back to the fold one day his exit after nearly 20 years has come as a significant shock to the system.
Structural changes and Lahm's diminished role as a result of them are believed to have been the reason behind him turning down the chance to take over as sporting director from Matthias Sammer, who left last summer, despite long being Rummenigge's preferred choice to do so.
Hoeness for his part has so far refused to rule out Max Eberl, currently general manager at Borussia Monchengladbach, for the role.
What is left is something of a vacuum and a level of uncertainty rarely seen at a club so used to being in complete control.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Watch Lahm train with Bayern ahead of summer exit Share this video Watch Next
Whether the flux at board level, change of manager and dressing room unrest is filtering down into performances on the pitch is impossible to know.
And whether the crown ever so slightly slipping is enough for Arsenal, themselves in the midst of their own annual crisis, to capitalise and finally stop the Groundhog cycle remains to be seen.
But what is for sure is Arsenal's most familiar of foes appear to not actually be so familiar this time around - and we certainly haven't seen that before.
by Mehmood Khan, Chief Operating Officer at SAP Africa
COOs and supply chain management are feeling the brunt of accelerating business environment further complicated by increasing customer demands for efficiency, personalisation, and convenience. Slow manual processes based on inconsistent information across functional areas spell death for modern supply chain management, with an inability to adapt in real time to changing demands leading to subpar customer service and potential attrition.
To address these risks, companies are increasingly looking to digitise their supply chains by implementing a cloud-based digital platform that optimises traditional ERP processes while integrating new exponential technologies.
Cloud-based platforms that enable real-time decision making based on accurate big data – generated through traditional processes as well as the growing prevalence of sensors – and predictive analytics powered by machine learning is changing the way companies approach supply chain management. Accenture predicts that the SaaS for supply chain management market will reach US$4.4-billion in 2018, driven by a need to simplify and optimise today's complex global supply chain networks.
The value proposition is clear: studies by the Boston Consulting Group find that leaders in digital supply chain management enjoy increases in product availability of up to 10%, more than 25% faster response times to changes in market demand, and 40%-110% higher operating margins.
The exponential technologies driving supply chain innovation
Big data matched with real-time predictive analytics is enabling large-scale scenario analysis to give COOs the power to conduct accurate demand forecasting, capacity planning, and advanced procurement with a focus on collaborative optimisation.
With the adoption of sensor technology in every facet of the supply chain and the availability of reliable all-time localisation through GPS, GSM and Galileo-based positioning gives COOs greater data regarding stock opening, temperature, humidity, and more, allowing greater optimisation of existing processes.
Automation through advanced machine learning algorithms that leverage process and sensor data is gradually leading to near-perfect accuracy in process decision making as human judgement is augmented and, in some cases, replaced. By automating supply chain procurement processes through best practice machine learning, COOs and supply chain managers can eliminate opportunities for error and ensure effective event and risk management based on expert systems.
However, the job of the COO and his supply chain management support to lead the organisation into this exponential future is complicated by the need to manage the implications of digital transformation while simultaneously innovating the underlying business model.
The digital transformation imperative
Digitising the supply chain enables companies to integrate, embed intelligence, and visualise all supply chain processes from supplier to customer. This opens the door to live inventory management through a redesigned data model that finally provides true transparency on inventory flows. Placing a digital core at the centre of all supply chain management processes further enables expansive “what-if” and scenario planning to identify opportunities for meeting potential market demand with high levels of service at low cost.
Manufacturing costs are also reduced as detailed constrained planning and scheduling enables agility within the supply chain and optimises the efficient use of capacity.
A traditional ERP simply cannot keep pace with the rate of change and the need to innovate and optimise quickly, accurately, and cost-effectively. Delivery commitments based on outdated data leading to cancelled or delayed orders; inaccurate order prioritisation resulting in unfulfilled strategic customer orders; and difficulties with addressing last-minute rescheduling by priority customers are only a few of the risks companies face when relying on an outdated technology platform for supply chain decision-making.
The business outcomes of digitising the supply chain
With exponential technologies such as IoT, big data, predictive analytics and machine learning integrated to the SAP S/4HANA digital platform, COOs and supply chain management can leverage rule-based allocation check in a single system to ensure the needs of strategic customers are always met. Up-to-date inventory management ensures realistic fulfilment commitments and real-time order confirmations, with advanced segmentation techniques driving business profitability in unprecedented ways.
The business outcomes can be transformative: reducing days of inventory by 10-12%, reducing revenue loss by 10-15%, cutting total logistics costs by 10-12%, and reducing supply chain planning costs by up to 5%. Critically, digitising the supply chain enables companies to run simpler and shift focus more toward innovation – both in terms of improving existing processes and developing entirely new business models and revenue streams.
But with a recent Forrester Business Technographic Survey showing only 27% of supply chain management professionals and 22% of logistics and distribution personnel using or planning to use big data analytics, the real question is: will COOs rise to the challenge of digitising their supply chain in time to adapt to an exponential world?
Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of SAP Africa.
Islamabad
The passing out ceremony of 24th Specialized Training Programme organized by Pakistan Institute of Trade and Development (PITD), Ministry of Commerce was held here at Islamabad Club on Friday.
The event was presided over by Secretary Commerce Mohammad Younus Dagha and attended by an overwhelming number of commerce and trade officers of civil services.
The event marked the successful conclusion of specialized training programme which started in April 2017 i.e. around 10 months back in newly build campus of Pakistan Institute of Trade and Development with an aim to equip the young commerce and trade officers with the knowledge & skills necessary to manage international trade and commercial diplomacy.
Firstly, Mohammad Ilyas Ghauri, Director General PITAD, presented the report of training activities conducted for the course during last one year.
In his speech, DG PITAD thanked the ministry of commerce for its active support in providing the required facilitation.
He also enumerated a number of milestones achieved by PITAD i.e. Foreign Training Course arranged for the probationers in WTI Bern Switzerland, Training of Afghan Commerce Officers, ECO Seminars, and first round table on WTO's information Technology Accession (ITA-I) held in PITAD.
The director general congratulated the graduated officers and wished them for their future endeavours.
The chief guest while speaking on the occasion urged the young officers to work hard as there was no shortcut to success.
The secretary informed that commerce and trade group was getting more visible by each passing year and with the induction of new officers in the group.
A considerable number of C & T officers were posted abroad as well as on key positions in MOC and its attached departments. This visibility required enhanced service delivery which should be evident from the professionalism and performance of the officers. The secretary commerce congratulated the officers on the successful completion of their training.
Afterwards certificates were awarded to the graduated officers by the chief guest. The event ended with a vote of thanks by the organizers.—APP
The trend of shelf-stable packaging is around for quite a long time, and has revolutionized the world of packaging to a large extent. The innovation of nanotechnology-based packaging applications is the latest notable trend and it has proven to be immensely helpful in packaging of food products and beverages.
Researchers are consistently exploring novel applications of nanomaterials in packaging, and both – consumers and packaged food and beverage providers are enjoying the benefits. Ideal for extending shelf lives of fruits and vegetables, bakery and confectionary, meat products and fish, and beverages, nanotechnology-enabled packaging can is considered to be the future of packaging.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114747/Nano-enabled-Packaging-Market
Nano-enabled Packaging Safeguards Product Quality and Safety
With rising demand for fresh foods and beverages with extended shelf lives, the demand for advanced technology packaging technologies, such as nano-enabled packaging, is continuously on the rise since the past few years. Providing safer products with the same nutritional content remains the ultimate goal.
In contrary to traditional plastic packaging technique, nano-enabled packaging offers a sweeping range of benefits in terms of safety and food/beverage quality. To mention one of the top benefits, nano-enabled barrier packaging protects food products and beverages from water, vapor, carbon dioxide, and UV radiation.
Nano-enabled Packaging is Functional Packaging
Nano-enabled packaging of foods and beverages currently constitutes the largest portion of the entire nanotechnology applications industry. For enhanced functionality and improved mechanical properties, plastic polymers are incorporated or coated with nanotechnology-based materials. These plastic polymers are often coated with nano-clay, which collectively act as a gas barrier.
Moreover, plastic polymers with nano-zinc or nan-silver oxide are proven to have an antimicrobial action. Pathogen detection is one of the most notable applications of nano-enabled food and beverage packaging. A type of nano-packaging also involves nano-sensors, which sense environmental changes, such as temperature, time, and other atmospheric factors. Commercial packaging of perishable food products that need refrigeration, often have TTI – time-temperature indicators.
Active packaging can be oxygen scavenger packaging or controlled release packaging. The other type of nano-enabled packaging is intelligent packaging, which currently represents a rapidly growing segment.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114747/Nano-enabled-Packaging-Market
Intelligent Packaging Offers Additional Benefits
Consumer shift to healthy diet regimen is one of the latest food industry trends within the recent past. As consumers are increasingly preferring fresh food/beverage alternatives against junk food items, the demand for reliable packaging technology is growing to a high extent. Intelligent packaging is ideal for fresh fruits and vegetables. It contains relevant product information, which makes food products/beverages clearly identifiable, traceable, and easily accessible for consumers. On the other side, it also facilitates international trade practices for manufacturers and retailers. Although active packaging technology has been is attracting higher market revenues, the intelligent packaging technology seems to be thriving at a much faster rate.
Overall Market Dynamics
By the end of 2020, the global market for nano-enabled food and beverage packaging will reach hefty revenues of around US$ 15.0 billion. Although the market is currently in a nascent phase, new technological innovations and increasing adoption rate among manufacturers as well as consumers, are collectively driving the market to staggering growth prospects.
North America, the largest market for nanotechnology-enabled food and beverage packaging, is led by the U.S. that has been attracting the maximum revenues globally. Canada also represents a significant market. The market landscape is extremely competitive, and is operated by some of the key players, such as Amcor Limited, Bemis Company, Inc., Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, L.L.C., Klöckner Pentaplast, Sealed Air, and Tetra Pak International S.A.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114747/Nano-enabled-Packaging-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple desperate to have a baby but unable to conceive have spoken out about the selfless surrogate who finally helped them have the child they had always wanted.
After seven failed rounds of IVF Elouise King and husband Paul believed they would never become parents.
In a last-ditch attempt to start the family they had always dreamed of, the couple joined a surrogacy website to find another woman to carry their child for nine months.
Remarkably, after striking up an “incredible” friendship with a woman they met on the site's forum, the pair are now proud parents to twin boys.
Elouise told Wales Online that she'll never know how to repay the kindness of her surrogate Jen Taylor, who lives in Barry, Wales, and already has three children of her own.
(Image: Walesonline/ WS)
“Not many people in this world would give up nine months of their life to give someone else the chance to start a family,” she said.
“Jen is just an amazing, amazing person. She was so strong, so together, and so determined and positive throughout the whole thing.”
Elouise and Paul, both 37 and from Solihuill in the West Midlands, said they were keen to have children straight after they got married but following a miscarriage in 2013 their chances of getting pregnant again were dashed.
“The hospital advised me to undergo a D&C procedure which is essentially the surgical removal of the foetus,” she said.
“But something went wrong afterwards. My natural cycle should have returned but it didn't and left me in quite a lot of pain.”
(Image: Walesonline/ WS)
Doctors discovered that due to the D&C procedure Elouise had been struck down with a rare condition known as Asherman syndrome which causes scarring of the cervix and uterus.
After seven rounds of failed IVF in 18 months – a period which Elouise described as “emotionally and physically draining” – the couple decided to find a suitable surrogate.
“We went to a surrogacy conference and we were blown away by the support network on offer,” she said.
“We decided to join a forum on the Surrogacy UK website which lets you create an online diary and a profile of yourself with photographs. It can be seen by potential surrogates.
“We just wanted to be completely honest about who we were. There was no point in us pretending.”
(Image: Walesonline/ WS)
But within weeks of being on the site they started talking to Jen who, along with her partner Dan Broome, agreed to meet up with the pair halfway between Solihull and Barry in Ross on Wye.
“It was really nerve-wracking. It was a cross between going for a blind date and an interview,” Elouise said.
“We'd chatted a lot before we actually met so we'd already built up a bit of a friendship.
“We just really clicked. We have a similar sense of humour and similar interests – and we're both down to earth.
“On the drive home me and Paul were speaking to each other and wondering whether she liked us or not.
“Thankfully she texts us saying that she really enjoyed meeting us – and it all progressed from there.”
Elouise and Paul then made the trip to Barry to stay with Jen, Dan, and their three children.
“It was lovely to experience their world and find out who they really were. We built up the foundations of our friendship for three months and eventually we had an ‘agreement session' with someone from Surrogacy UK where we went into detail about every single outcome of the pregnancy and birth.”
(Image: Walesonline/ WS)
Following initial blood tests, scans, and another round of IVF, embryos created by Elouise were then implanted into Jen at a clinic in Birmingham.
“Normally you go through IVF on your own but we did it together which was really nice. We felt like partners in crime,” she added.
“The first time we did it we had a positive pregnancy test so we were all overjoyed. But that all came crashing down on us when we later discovered it to be a ‘chemical pregnancy' which only last a couple of days.
“I was devastated. I vowed to go through it one last time but I couldn't do it any more than that as I was a mess by that point.”
Because it was their final attempt the doctors agreed to implant two embryos into Jen – and this time both were a success.
For the next nine months Elouise and Paul made fortnightly trips to south Wales to see Jen and see scans of the twins in University Hospital Llandough and the University Hospital of Wales (UHW).
“It was wonderful. My miscarriage scan didn't show any heartbeat so to see two was incredible.”
On June 27 last year Jen gave birth to Jude William, weighing 6lb 8oz, and Joshua Sebastian, weighing 6lb 2oz, at UHW.
And because the twins were breech they needed to be delivered via a planned C-section – which meant Elouise, Paul, and Dan could be in the operating theatre with Jen.
“As a mum you don't really get to see your baby being born but I actually got to see them coming out,” added Elouise.
“You do feel naturally removed from the pregnancy as they're not growing inside you but to see them being born was amazing.
“I was stroking Jen's head through it all. I couldn't believe there was a person lying on an operating table being cut open for me. I don't know how I'll ever repay her.”
(Image: Walesonline/ WS)
Mum-of-three Jen said helping Elouise and Paul become parents was one of the most wonderful things she'd ever experienced.
“It's one thing having your own baby but it's another knowing you're giving another couple the chance to start their own family,” said Jen, 36.
“Obviously I didn't know how I was going to feel during the pregnancy or giving birth but there was no maternal twang there at all.
“They're Elouise and Paul's babies – I was just babysitting. I'm happy just to be Auntie Jen.”
And, amazingly, Jen hasn't ruled out being a surrogate again in the near future.
“It felt like a huge honour to be trusted to carry their babies for nine months,” she added.
Following the births of Jude and Joshua, who are now seven months old, Elouise praised her midwife Sarah Spencer who she said was a reassuring figure throughout.
(Image: Walesonline/ WS)
Elouise added: “Sarah worked tirelessly to make sure everyone knew who we were, making treatment and transition between wards seamless. When Jude was taken to the neonatal unit she made sure we saw him without delay.
“Sarah arranged for us to have a separate room so that we could spend valuable time alone as a new family.
“She made sure our surrogate was able to recuperate in a different room in the emotional hours after labour, being sensitive to ensure she wasn't housed on an open maternity ward next to new mums.
“She also ensured family members did not miss out in visiting us during this special time. Sarah truly is our fairy godmother ensuring our surrogacy experience was a wonderful one.”
Sarah, an employee of Cardiff and Vale University Health Board, has now been crowned ‘Emma's Diary Mums' Midwife of the Year 2018' for Wales.
Embattled US national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned Monday night.
His departure came just after reports surfaced the Justice Department warned the Trump administration last month that Flynn misled administration officials regarding his communications with the Russian ambassador to the United States and was potentially vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians.
The move comes less than a month into the job, making him one of the shortest-serving senior presidential advisers in modern history.
The sudden exit marks the most public display yet of disarray at the highest levels of the new administration, which has faced repeated questions over a slew of controversies and reports of infighting among senior aides during its first three weeks.
The shakeup now leaves Trump without one of his closest and longest-serving advisers. Flynn had counseled Trump on foreign policy and national security matters since early in the 2016 presidential race.
Flynn was not able to definitively refute a Washington Post story late last week that his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak included communication about the sanctions. It is illegal for unauthorized private citizens to negotiate with foreign governments on behalf of the US.
The controversy intensified after the report put Pence and several senior White House advisers in an uncomfortable position, as they had denied in TV interviews weeks earlier that Flynn discussed sanctions with the ambassador. Some administration officials said Flynn must have misled Pence and others.Tr
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating his tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. His office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," he said.
Chaffetz' office said he had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," he said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when he says, as he did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. He added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of his administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," he said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says his office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," he said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, he said.
NEW DELHI: The Internet has found United States President Donald Trump's doppelganger in Dolores Leis Antelo, a farmer from Nanton, La Coruna.
A snap of Antelo holding a hoe and gazing into the distance on her farm has gone viral after an interview with a local newspaper, La Voz de Galicia.
If ONLY he were just an Spanish lady working a small farm, and not the “leader” of the free world.@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/b9ZfiZLADT — David N (@DNealeColorado) April 24, 2018
According to the Spanish news outlet, Antelo has been branded as the "Donald Trump of the Costa da Morte."
"My photo seems to have traveled far. I say it is because of the colour of my hair," she told.
One twitterer wrote: "If ONLY he were just a Spanish lady working on a small farm, and not the "leader" of the free world @realDonaldTrump".
Meanwhile, some netizens are questioning whether Trump has a long lost relative in Spain.
McIlroy thinks featured groups at Players failed
Rory McIlroy said he was not a fan of the best players being grouped together early at tournaments.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 04:01 IST 10 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Rory McIlroy
The PGA Tour has been grouping the game's biggest names together for the first two rounds of the top events, but Rory McIlroy does not like it.
McIlroy, who will play with Dustin Johnson and Jason Day on Thursday and Friday at the Memorial Tournament, told commissioner Jay Monahan that the star-studded groupings have "backfired a little bit".
"I mean I don't mind playing with the top guys in the first two days, but the objective is to get those top guys in contention on Sunday," McIlroy said, via golfchannel.com.
"So we'll see if it works out or not over the next few weeks. But I get why they're doing it, and I get why it creates a bit of a buzz at the start of the week.
"But I would rather see Rickie [Fowler] and Phil [Mickelson] and Tiger [Woods] play on a Sunday rather than on a Thursday and two of them going home."
During The Players Championship, McIlroy was grouped with Jordan Spieth and Justin Thomas, while Woods played with Mickelson and Fowler.
McIlroy would like to wait and see those groups later in the week.
"There's just so much buzz and hype around the group on a Thursday or Friday when there doesn't really need to be," McIlroy said. "And that could affect some players."
McIlroy has four top-five worldwide finishes this season, including a runner-up last week at the BMW PGA Championship.
Peter Zhai, president of Huawei India, which runs two mobile phone brands in India—Huawei and Honor—with the former focussing on the high-end segment. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: China's Huawei is encouraging its global suppliers to come invest in India in order to build a mobile phone components ecosystem as the company aims to locally manufacture 90% of its phones by the end of this year, Peter Zhai, president, Huawei India Consumer Business Group, said.
The firm, the third largest after Samsung and Apple in global smartphone sales, is also planning to step up manufacturing capacities. Huawei has a single original equipment manufacturer partner Flex in Chennai for its mobile devices business in India.
The firm runs two mobile phone brands in India—Huawei and Honor—with the former focusing on the high-end segment. “We are keeping very close touch with all our component suppliers and we are also encouraging them to invest in India. Let's see. It will take time but I believe made in India will be the right direction. We will follow that,” Zhai said.
Zhai was in Delhi to launch the flagship P20 series smartphones—Huawei P20 Pro at Rs64,999 and Huawei P20 Lite at Rs19,999. The phones will be exclusively available on Amazon from 3 May.
“They (component suppliers) are interested and they have the planning... Our suppliers are also global. Huawei has a significant share of the world smartphone business, that's why our opinions are also very important to influence decisions. Since we have decided to develop the India market, I believe a lot of suppliers will be willing to support us and be willing to follow us to enter this market,” he added.
This comes after the government on 2 April imposed a 10% basic customs duty on import of smartphone components such as camera modules and PCB assemblies. Prior to this, there was no import duty on these components.
Moreover, in the budget, the centre had increased customs duty on mobile phones to 20% from 15%.
The measures are in line with the government's Phased Manufacturing Programme, which aims to boost local manufacture of phones.
In its first phase, the government had targeted production of various components for three years—mechanics, die-cut parts, microphones and receivers, keypads and USB cables in 2017-18; printed circuit boards, camera modules and connectors in 2018-19; and display assemblies, touch panels, vibrator motors and ringers in 2019-20.
Huawei's rival in India, Xiaomi, has already hosted 50-odd suppliers, which manufacture components such as touch panels, camera modules and LCD and LED panels for it, on a three-day tour of Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh to explore investment opportunities.
“We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States. Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research ... (but) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support cannot be taken for granted,” Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm's ornate city hall.
Michael Rosbash, who was honoured for his work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by him and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered.
STOCKHOLM—An American scientist who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in his address at the awards' gala banquet, saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research.
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars.
“Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II,” Rosbash said. “Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country, including its great record in scientific research.”
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions.
“We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups,” said Ishiguro, who was born in Japan.
He said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity.
“The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal. We don't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes. Rather it's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavour,” he said.
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo, a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared her struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year's Nobel's Peace Prize.
Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated her Japanese city during the final weeks of the Second World War, spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left her buried under the rubble, but she was able to see light and crawl to safety. In the same way, the campaign to which she belongs is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons, she said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October.
“Our light now is the ban treaty,” Thurlow said. “I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima: ‘Don't give up. Keep pushing. See the light? Crawl toward it.'”
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three. To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries.
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn, who accepted the prize along with Thurlow, said that while the treaty is far from ratification “now, at long last, we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons.”
“This is the way forward. There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them,” Fihn said.
The prize winners were announced in October. All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday.
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for his work in behavioural economics; American physicists Kip Thorne, Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy.
Identity And The End Of 'The Americans'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Patrick Harbron/FX Patrick Harbron/FX
This post gives away in great detail the events of the series finale of FX's The Americans. If you are reading it and you have not yet watched the finale, you are about to find out everything that happens. Are we clear? OK, then.
The Americans is the kind of show you should never have watched in the hopes that the ending would spring up like a jack-in-the-box, justifying six seasons of slow-burn spy drama and marital evolution with some grand finale that tied everything together. You should never have watched it expecting some explosive ending to come galloping out with 12 minutes to go, the way it would happen on a lot of shows.
Nevertheless, I really thought one of them was going to kill the other. I thought so for years.
But it didn't happen. They both lived. As did their kids. As did Stan. Literally no one died in the finale. No one. Would you have believed that the finale of The Americans wouldn't draw a drop of blood? That the Jenningses' final reckoning with everyone from their children to Stan to the rest of the FBI would occur without violence?
Let's step back.
Philip and Elizabeth Jennings (Matthew Rhys and Keri Russell) have killed a lot of people in their work as Russian spies posing as an American married couple. That has included some nasty characters, but a good many perfectly innocent ones, too. And that's on top of the many victims whose lives they have ruined (here, we pour one out for poor Martha). This is all weight that they've stacked on the groaning frame of patriotic duty.
But as the series finale opens, it has all caught up with them. They are busted — or about to be busted — and it's time to run while there's still time. Things move fast: Five minutes into the episode, Philip and Elizabeth argue over whether to take their teenage son, Henry — who has no idea they are spies — with them when they bolt for Canada, or to leave him behind. They will take their older daughter, Paige, who has already been brought into the family business. But they decide to leave Henry. He deserves to keep his American life, they decide, because while they began it for him fraudulently, he has now built it for himself legitimately. It means losing him, probably forever. Elizabeth fights it at first, but she knows Philip is right. Henry has a right to his identity. He has the right to remain the person he has become. And Elizabeth is the one who wasn't ready. She may be the brutal realist in her own mind, the one who understands what unthinkable deeds may be required of her. But she has been fooling herself that when she had to, she would be able to leave her American identity and keep her American children.
The kids are not the only ones Philip and Elizabeth need to worry about. The FBI's own Stan Beeman, who has lived across the street for years, who has been their close friend but has begun to figure out who they really are, is now nipping at their heels. Season after season, Stan has failed to see what's literally right in front of his face — he has missed the duplicity of his neighbors (and thus, a theme of the show). But once he begins to understand, he is furious, and he wants to be the one to catch up to them. Once he's sure. And he's not quite sure.
So Stan watches from a window as Paige's parents pick her up from her apartment. Inside, they tell her they're going "home." And they're not taking Henry. Paige takes neither idea very well. "He'll hate you," she says. "We know that," her father answers. And then they go.
And Stan watches.
The closest thing the entire series has to a climactic moment of reckoning for Philip and Elizabeth happens in the garage of Paige's apartment building, so every bit of it is important. They're hustling her to the car when suddenly, Stan is upon them. "Hey," he says in a voice everyone instantly knows isn't really friendly. They all turn around.
Stan knows they shouldn't be there. They know Stan shouldn't be there. It's one of those situations — he knows, and really, they know he knows. And he knows they know he knows. There are no more secrets, but no one wants to be the first to say so. Everyone wants the other guy to say it first.
Stan asks what's going on. Why are they all here in the apartment garage at night? Philip plays dumb. Elizabeth makes excuses. Paige improvs that her parents are taking her home because she is sick. Stan isn't buying. Philip tries indignation at Stan's behavior. Stan still isn't buying. Steely, he asks more questions. Philip begins to approach, and that's when Stan's gun comes out. He points it at Philip. "Stop moving, you [blanking] piece of [blank]."
When you see a gun, and it's pointed at you, then the bulk of the charade is over.
Stan wants them to lie on the ground. Elizabeth says no. They will not lie on the ground with a gun pointed at them. Stan is not safe yet. Stan knows, among other things, that there are two of them — no, three of them — and one of him. But this is where Philip changes his approach. His hands, which he had raised in feigned shock when he saw Stan's gun, relax. "We had a job to do," he says. Now is the time for pleading, it seems.
Stan says Philip was his best friend; Philip says Stan was his only friend. Stan begins to ask questions: In their friendship, what was part of the spying? What was real? "Gennadi and Sofia, that was you?" he asks, referring to two people Elizabeth killed. But Philip keeps lying, denying they had anything to do with it. Elizabeth insists they wouldn't kill people. Philip looks offended at the very thought. So while this is a surrender, it is also still utter bullfeathers. Philip is calling upon the sympathy of a friend while betraying him even more than he already has. And maybe Stan knows, but he doesn't want to.
Stan tells them again to get down on the ground. But they don't, for what can be only one reason: They don't really believe Stan will shoot them, but they know he'll arrest them if they get on the ground. So they risk it. Philip goes back to explaining how he just did it for his country, until he quit. And he and Elizabeth keep telling partial truths: They explain (accurately) that they're now battling people inside their own government who are trying to get rid of Gorbachev. They say this is why they have to get home — it's necessary for the survival of the world. So they are going, and Stan will have to shoot them if he wants to stop them.
Philip leaves Stan with one more thing: He suspects that Stan's new wife, Renee, is a Russian spy. But he is not sure. And then he gets in the car, and Stan steps aside, and the family drives away. They have humiliated Stan one last time on their way out of town, proving that he isn't faithful enough to his job to arrest, or to shoot, a family of Russian spies if the family happens to be one he cares about. And they've planted an explosive inside his marriage that may or may not ever go off, but he will always know it's there.
Even with the people the Jenningses have killed and the lives they've destroyed, the show excruciatingly draws out their destruction of Stan's identity to the point where it seems like one of the most merciless things they've ever done. In his own mind, he is a loyal American. He is FBI, he is tough, he is unsentimental. He hates the Russians, he hates the KGB, he will do anything for his country. He is honest with his own government. He puts his job first. He is bound, first, by duty — just as Philip and Elizabeth are telling him that they are.
But while Philip and Elizabeth — she, especially — really are willing to do anything for their country, it turns out that Stan is not. And now he knows he is not. While it might be a victory for one part of his humanity, it's a defeat for his sense of self.
And so Stan, devastated, is left behind to mourn the picture of himself he has held in his head for decades, while Philip and Elizabeth and Paige burn their belongings — including the documents that were ready for Henry that he won't be using — and assume new identities before they get the train to Canada. Oh, and the music is Dire Straits' "Brothers In Arms," as it should be. They give Henry a call, say goodbye without telling him it's goodbye, and then they're off. They are changing identities, too. But while they're really just trading one set of falsehoods for another, it's hard not to feel like the true Philip and Elizabeth Jennings began, at some point, to exist. People who are so far removed from a couple of young Russians who married each other for work, people who have had enough sex and children and arguments and reconciliations that now, they are real — which they realize as they abandon and bury those identities.
When the Jennings family stops off, now in disguise, for (presumably) a bathroom break at a McDonald's, Philip and Elizabeth talk about whether he might stay behind to try to remain in contact with Henry. But after he goes inside, picks up some food, and throws a glance at a happy American family of the kind he sort of wishes he could have had, he goes back outside and gets in the car with his wife and daughter, and they leave. The music now: U2's "With Or Without You," which has been heard so much, in so many places, so many times, that ... can it still work?
We follow the three Jenningses onto the train, where they are in disguise and carefully not sitting together.
But at least they can trust each other. Back in Virginia, in the light of day as the FBI raids the Jennings house, Stan hugs his wife, not knowing anymore whether he can trust her, and not trusting her with the secret he is carrying about the neighbors he allowed to escape.
And then, the second moment of peril of the episode comes, almost all the way to the Canadian border. There's minimal dialogue, and the music fades away. When the train stops at a station, officers carrying FBI bulletins on Philip and Elizabeth board and begin checking passports. One more time, Philip's wig gets him out of a jam. One more time, Elizabeth hides behind her big glasses. They are safe. They are actually safe. They will get out of the country.
The train pulls out, and as it does, the music kicks back in, and a relieved Philip and Elizabeth Jennings breathe a sigh of relief. But then.
But then.
But then, as Bono launches into his holler, Elizabeth sees out the window of the moving train that her daughter is on the platform. Paige has gotten off the train. Paige has decided not to go to Russia, and her parents cannot chase her down. Elizabeth watches from the window in shock. Philip then sees Paige too, and he can only go and sit with his wife and endure their probably permanent separation from their daughter. They have lost both of their children, but at least now that they are almost to Canada, they can sit together. They have gotten out alive and together, but that is all they've gotten. Elizabeth's mouth hangs open. Shock, despair, relief.
Meanwhile, Stan finds Henry at hockey practice and tells him about his family: that they're spies. And that they're gone.
The music of Tchaikovsky — perhaps inevitably — brings Philip and Elizabeth home to Russia, where they have apparently decided to stay together, despite the fact that their marriage was originally a sham. They wind up standing side by side in the dark, looking out over what was once home and does not feel like home anymore. They speak of alternate lives in which they might have met under other circumstances. They worry about their children but conclude that they're old enough to get on without their parents. Philip says, in English, that it's strange. Elizabeth replies, in Russian, "We'll get used to it."
The neatly concluded series finale has fallen out of favor. Perhaps since the black screen that ended The Sopranos — and the subsequent cultural accusations that it was unsophisticated to find it unsatisfying — it has been understood that to leave questions unanswered is to respect your audience. Certainly, The Americans leaves plenty of questions unanswered: Will Stan ever find out whether Renee is, indeed, a Russian spy? Will Paige be able to talk her way through her parents' disappearance and emerge unscathed as an American, since Stan presumably doesn't plan to bust her? Will Philip and Elizabeth stay together in Russia?
What didn't happen was any real punishment, in the traditional and governmental sense, for the people they killed and the damage they did. They got away. Yes, they had to leave their children, but those were children they had as Americans. Everything they came with from Russia, they got to leave with — including a marriage that now feels genuine.
The show is called The Americans; it's hardly surprising that it turns out to be about identity more than spycraft. Or, at least, about spycraft as a play on identity. Philip often seemed — as he was at McDonald's — wistful about losing out on parts of life as an American, and Elizabeth always considered herself a duty-bound Russian. But now that they are back in Russia, who are they? Are they really repatriated Russians, or are they expatriated Americans? Not legally, but personally?
They left widows and orphans and grieving parents behind as they knocked off everyone who got in the way, but none of the damage they did seems any more wrenching in retrospect than the people they robbed of their identities — not just Stan, but also Martha, who lost her entire life in the United States. Young Hee and Don, whose family they destroyed.
While Paige's story often seemed — to put it politely — unnecessary in the beginning, it wound up being central to this theme. Because Paige was caught at the moment in which her identity as an American college student still felt more developed than her identity as a spy. Her mother could call Russia "home"; that sounded bizarre to her. Elizabeth discovered that she could make Paige a spy, but she couldn't make her a Russian. And Paige knew enough not to ask her parents, because she knew what they'd say. She had to deal with them the way they dealt with others: on a need-to-know basis.
So as Elizabeth and Philip stand at that overlook, in one sense, they've paid a very high price by being separated from their children. In another, they got away with murder many times over. But when she says to him, "We'll get used to it" — nudging him back to Russian — Elizabeth is putting her finger on the most haunting question that faces her and her husband: Can they go back? Can they become Russian again? They made new lives and abandoned them. They made children and abandoned them. They are not without country, but they are without identity.
Can they go back?
Photo: Erik Weiss
By Hayden Wright
Last night (March 18), Liam Gallagher cut his performance at Lollapalooza Chile short because of a severe chest infection — but The Killers picked up slack from the former Oasis frontman's setlist by performing the indelible hit “Wonderwall,” giving fans a taste of what they missed.
Related: Oasis' Liam Gallagher Blames Brother Noel's Wife for Keeping Band Apart
Singer Brandon Flowers explained that the performance was meant as a tribute to his “king” Liam.
“We heard you missed out on a couple of songs today that you wanted to hear,” Flowers told the crowd. “This is in no way meant to disparage anything [Liam] did… but any night that ‘Wonderwall' is being sung by a lot of people is a good thing.”
During his Lollapalooza Chile set, Gallagher announced, “My voice is absolutely smashed. I'm not just going to stand here all night screaming out for everybody sounding f—— horrific… I'm very sorry I can't sing the tunes.”
See The Killer's tribute to Oasis here.
HC refuses to entertain plea against payment to Jethmalani The Delhi High Court on Monday refused to entertain a plea seeking to restrain the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government from paying Rs 1.22 crore to veteran lawyer Ram Jethmalani for appearing on behalf of Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in a defamation suit filed against him by Union Minister Arun Jaitley. Hindu 12:22:00 PM CEST Why Kejriwal should pass on the mantle to Sisodia rediff 11:31:00 AM CEST
Mississippi Governor Signs Nation's Toughest Abortion Ban Into Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
In his State of the State Address in 2014, Gov. Phil Bryant announced a goal: "to end abortion in Mississippi."
Bryant has now signed a law that makes his state the most difficult state in the country to get an abortion. It is called the Gestational Age Act, and it bans abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, except in the case of a medical emergency or a severe fetal abnormality. The law does not make exceptions in cases of rape or incest. The Mississippi House passed the measure on March 8, and Bryant signed it into law on Monday.
The Associated Press reports that Mississippi's only abortion clinic has sued the state in response to the legislation. In 2012, that same clinic, The Jackson Women's Health Organization, filed a lawsuit challenging a different bill Bryant signed into law. That bill enacted stricter requirements for abortion facilities, including a requirement that all physicians associated with an abortion facility have the right to admit patients to a local hospital. It was eventually blocked by a federal district court in 2013.
After signing this latest bill, Bryant wrote on Twitter, "I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal."
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing we could do," Bryant said as he signed the bill. "We'll probably be sued here in about a half hour, and that'll be fine with me. It is worth fighting over."
On the national level, some recent attempts to restrict abortion have failed, as Julie Rovner reported for NPR and Kaiser Health News:
Despite many attempts, Congress did not pass a federal ban on abortions occurring after 20 weeks, didn't cut off Planned Parenthood's federal funding and didn't write into permanent law the Hyde Amendment, which bans most federal abortion funding but needs annual renewal.
But, Rovner added, the Trump administration has made some progress in restricting abortion and contraception access:
Published:
Share This
The Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai, Friday, hinted that the Nigerian Army would soon deploy personnel to various parts of the country to contend ongoing threat to security in the country.He said the troops will be deployed under special forces like Operation Python Dance III in the South East, Operation, Operation Crocodile Smile III in the Niger Delta and South West and Harbin Kunama III in the North to contend cattle rustling in that part of the country.To this end, he tasked officers and men to be on alert as they could be deployed any moment when there was any for that.The Army chief spoke in Abuja, Friday, after leading personnel on an annual 15 kilometres route match that culminated at the Mogadishu Cantonment, Abuja.Reiterating that some officers and men could be deployed at short notice to assist what he called ‘civil authorities' to contend insecurity in any part of the country, Buratai charged the troops to be prepared for the task.Recall that Operation Python Dance I & II, Operation Harbin Kunama I and II were among others were conducted in 2016 and 2017, respectively, to deal with the menace of cattle rustling and herdsmen/farmers clashes in parts of North-West and North-Central.While Crocodile Smile and Egwu Eke Dance were conducted in the Niger Delta and the South-East, respectively, in 2017 to tackle pipeline vandalism, oil theft and piracy, violent agitation and kidnapping.Buratai could not however give a clear picture on whether the Army would carry out similar exercise in Benue, Taraba and Nasarawa following incessant herdsmen/farmers clashes in those states which have resulted in several killings.He said:“Well, we are not thinking of any particular situation, we are going to train on general areas which could include that aspect (Benue killings) as well.“But our focus will be to ensure that security is provided across the country.“So, definitely, expect Harbin Kunama III; Crocodile Smile III and Egwu Eke Dance III and probably another exercise coming which will be made known at the appropriately time.''
Image: iStock
It might not be something we think about a lot, but space law is legit and it is important.
With that in mind, Australia is reviewing legislation that governs its civil space activities.
Professor Steven Freeland, Dean of the School of Law at Western Sydney University, is chatting everything Space Law at a public lecture at the Sydney Observatory at 6pm, August 16 (that's this Wednesday night).
"The use of space-related technology impacts upon all our lives, as people around the world are now dependent on technologies such as satellite TV, global navigation satellite systems, satellite broadband and mobile equipment," says Professor Freeland.
"In addition, companies such as Amazon have recently made deliveries to customers in England and New Zealand using drones, raising questions about the safety of airspace and the potential dangers in the event of an accident."
Professor Freeland says International treaties will still govern the broad fundamentals of space law, but any revised or new space legislation in Australia will have to strike an appropriate balance between allowing entrepreneurs to take advantage of new technology, while minimising the risk of collisions in space, and any potential liability.
One key aspect of space law focuses on how countries use space technology in armed conflicts on land, at sea and in the air, Professor Freeland says.
"For example, GPS guided missiles and military drones are now common in modern conflicts, and there's also the strategic value of outer space to also consider," says Professor Freeland.
"We assume that the major powers are working to develop space-based weapons systems, and some now suggest that a war in space is inevitable, although I cannot accept that."
Professor Freeland's talk will discuss how this rapid technological growth gives rise to complex difficulties in developing appropriate international and national rules to properly regulate what is a highly political, strategic, commercialed and, unfortunately, militarised domain.
There's more info - including how to book a place at the talk, here.
Roya Real Estate Investment Company will offer 20 per cent of itself in its share sale, equivalent to 8.6 million shares, with Thob Al Aseel Company offering 20 per cent of itself in its share sale, equivalent to 1.0 million shares, the CMA said.
“But I told her ‘Don't walk away. If you walk away now, you're going to walk away from everything in life.'
“It was easy for us to walk away,” her father Terance said. “Many First Nations people walked away before when confronted by racism on the ice.
But hockey ceased to be that sanctuary at around age 12, when she began hearing racists barbs and comments on the ice.
It was where she felt less self-conscious, and where she wouldn't be teased about her skin rashes from persistent eczema.
CALGARY—Putting on her hockey gear and stepping onto the ice was Brigette Lacquette's refuge when she was a kid.
Lacquette (pronounced la-KWET) is not the first Indigenous woman to compete on Canada's team — her teammate Jocelyne Larocque of Ste. Anne, Man., has Metis heritage — but she is the first First Nations player ever, according to Hockey Canada.
“Next thing you know, she's excelled and put herself in a place to be successful just by working hard and being determined.”
“She took that challenge on and she showed not only that the girls she played with and against ‘you know what, I'm going to show you how good I am.' She worked her butt off.
She'll make her Olympic debut later this month in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Lacquette, a 25-year-old defender with a heavy shot grew up in the tiny Metis community of Mallard, Man., which is four hours north of Winnipeg and accessible by one unpaved road.
Her mother Anita is from Cote First Nation in Saskatchewan and Terance is from O-Chi-Chak Ko Sipi First Nation in Manitoba.
“To be that person to pave the way for many young First Nations girls across Canada, it's exciting for me,” Brigette said. “I'm proud of who I am and where I come from and who I represent.”
Lacquette says watching Inuit forward Jordin Tootoo play for Canada's junior hockey team in 2003 when she was 11 was significant moment because she didn't have any Indigenous hockey heroes.
She's now that player for young girls across the country. A throng of people from her community travelled to Winnipeg to watch her play for Canada in a Dec. 5 exhibition game against the U.S.
During the game, her teammates pointed out a sign held by a young girl near the players' bench that said “All I want for Christmas is a stick from my idol Brigette Lacquette.”
Lacquette obliged by tossing her stick over the glass. The recipient burst into tears.
“She was so pumped,” Lacquette said. “That was before the (Olympic) team was named. I just couldn't believe that I was that person for them.”
She's received more than moral support from her First Nations community.
When the cost of playing hockey increased for Lacquette and her older sister Tara, a former University of Manitoba goaltender, the Cote First Nation covered some of their expenses.
“Growing up, my family didn't have a lot of money,” Lacquette said. “They definitely helped offset the cost of minor hockey fees and whatnot.”
Lacquette played for Canada's silver-medal teams in the 2015 and 2016 world championships. The University of Wisconsin alum was among the last players cut from Canada's Olympic team in 2014.
“The first thing that comes to mind is her relentlessness and her resiliency,” Canadian head coach Laura Schuler said.
“Obviously she was centralized back in 2014 and didn't make the team. She doesn't let anything get in her way. When she has a goal in mind with what she wants to do, it doesn't matter what happens, she just keeps on trucking.”
When Lacquette speaks to First Nations communities, her message is to persevere.
“I've overcome a lot I think,” she said. “I got bullied when I was younger because I had really bad eczema growing up, and racism as well.
“It's definitely something I speak about and I'm open about, that I got bullied. If a kid gets bullied, I think they can realize that ‘Oh, she went through it too.'
“My message is you're going to go through valleys and you're going to go through the mountains of life. But you can always keep pushing.”
During the early years of India's Independence, the economy's growth rate was lower but comparable to India's emerging market peers. Photo: Mint
One of the dominant themes of India's freedom movement was the economic costs imposed by unfriendly British policies on India. Liberation from British Raj not only brought about political freedom but more concerted efforts to raise the level of economic growth and development. Despite hiccups and some inherent flaws in the plans of India's new political elites, India's growth engine saw a revival after independence in 1947. In less than seven decades since then, India's per capita income—at constant prices —grew six times, data from The Maddison Project shows.
The Maddison Project database, based largely on data compiled by renowned economic historian Angus Maddison, is an attempt to provide consistent macro-economic time-series data for major economies since the nineteenth century. The database uses a common currency unit: the GK$ or Geary–Khamis dollar to compare trends across time and geographies. The Geary-Khamis dollar is the hypothetical unit of currency that has the same purchasing power parity that the US dollar had in the US in 1990.
The per-person value of goods and services that India produced in 1884 was GK$551 in 1884. This figure grew only marginally over the next 63 years to rise to GK$ 618 in 1947. In the 63 years that followed Indian independence, this figure shot up six times to touch GK$3372 in 2010.
During the early years of India's Independence, the economy's growth rate was lower but comparable to India's emerging market peers. The key emerging markets included in the analysis are Brazil, China, South Africa and South Korea.
The early phase of Indian economic planning, led by Jawaharlal Nehru was moderately successful in raising growth. Like the economist-turned-lawyer B.R. Ambedkar, Nehru believed that rapid industrialisation driven by the state was the most effective way to abolish mass poverty. These leaders' views in fact echoed those of the titans of Indian industry at that time, articulated in the Bombay Plan of 1944-45.
The post-Nehru era, however, saw India's growth rate slip below those of her peers. At a time when other controlled economies such as South Korea were opening up their economies and turning their industrial hubs into export powerhouses, Indian economic policy continued to be inward-looking. The licence-permit raj gained in strength, leading to corruption, and cramping economic growth. The shackles on Indian businesses began to be loosened around the 1980s, and the Indian economy started growing at rates never experienced before. Since then, the growth rate of the Indian economy has eclipsed that of most of the country's peers.
While the recovery in India's growth rates, fostered first by political freedom and then by economic freedom, has been impressive, the distribution of those gains has left a lot to be desired. India's record in developmental indicators lags far behind that of her peers, and income inequality is far higher, data from a newly instituted household survey shows.
Among the Bric (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) economies, India has the lowest literacy rate. India is more than a quarter century behind China on literacy and 35 years behind Brazil, shows World Bank data. This calculation is based on how long ago a peer country achieved a similar milestone. For example, China achieved a similar literacy rate as India's more than 25 years ago.
The gap in healthcare, measured in terms of life expectancy, is similar. On life expectancy, India is 19 years behind Brazil and 30 years behind China.
As a previous Plain fact column pointed out, the gap between India and China is the widest when it comes to social indicators. China is about three decades ahead on most social indicators, one decade ahead when indicators of income are considered, while the two countries are almost on par on digital parameters.
The poor development of India's human capital has meant that only a minority of Indians have been able to gain from the country's rapid growth over the past three-and-a-half decades. Only a small section has been able to move up the educational and occupational ladder. It is not so surprising then that the level of income inequality in the country is among the highest in the world.
While in terms of consumption inequality, India's inequality looks benign, in terms of income inequality measured using data from the India Human Development Survey, India's inequality appears to be extremely high, and comparable to the most unequal Latin American countries.
The high levels of inequality threaten the gain from political and economic freedom which India has enjoyed over the past several decades.
As Ambedkar warned in his final speech to the Constituent Assembly, political equality in the face of stark economic and social inequality may prove unsustainable over the long run in the absence of economic equality.
“On the 26th of January 1950, we are going to enter into a life of contradictions,” said Ambedkar. “In politics, we will have equality, and in social and economic life, we will have inequality.... How long shall we continue to live this life of contradictions? How long shall we continue to deny equality in our social and economic life? If we continue to deny it for long, we will do so only by putting our political democracy in peril. We must remove this contradiction at the earliest possible moment or else those who suffer from inequality will blow up the structure of political democracy which this Assembly has so laboriously built up.”
This is the first of a two-part data series on how the Indian economy has changed over the past 70 years.
It will help to reduce fatigue in men and also enhances libido. I am not talking about a chocolate bar you buy at the store or the oysters you eat while you're out, or gimmicky quick-fixes (remember Spanish Fly?). Lavender oil - This oil is very pleasing to the senses and very versatile. The soothing properties of these essential oils coupled with its great aphrodisiac effects will help baby making memorable and enjoyable.
This time, however, I put the new love drink "Fever" to the real test. The good thing is that there are a number of natural ways to enhance male libido and mood such as Kamdeepak capsules. Through natural medicine, the organs in the body will reach its optimum functioning. Finally, learn to relax, do meditation and yoga and deep breathing exercises regularly.
Ask your partner to do these exercises together with you. You should collect the fruits when they are ripe before frost. These side effects may range from normal headaches to fatal heart attacks.
Avoid drinking too much coffee and raw or uncooked meat. Gold accessories are particularly notable to enhance male when combined with a black suit. Safed Musli health benefits are also regarded as healer of asthmatic conditions. We live in a world that is constantly sucking the energy out of us. https://bettercoloncleansingguide.com/tryvexan-south-africa/
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family whose car was caught up in a head-on collision with Ant McPartlin's Mini have broken their silence.
Restaurant owner Faheem Vanoo and his chef wife Shilpa Dandekar were travelling with daughter Amaira, four, when the smash happened in Richmond, London, on Sunday.
Amaira was subsequently taken to West Middlesex Hospital in Isleworth, and her dad described the 'whole experience' as 'a nightmare'.
"It is not something that we ever expected, but we are just grateful that no one was hurt," he told the Daily Mail.
"'It has been a terrible experience and it feels like we are coming out of a nightmare. It has left us all a bit shaken up."
With the police investigation ongoing, the 41-year-old revealed he has been told not to discuss 'certain things' and refused to confirm whether he has been contacted by Ant.
"But the main thing is that we are all safe. My daughter and wife are okay and were not injured," he continued. "She is fine. We are all okay."
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It comes after Ant sensationally confirmed he's heading back to rehab following his drink drive arrest, with Saturday Night Takeaway now cancelled this week.
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments," a statement from Ant and Dec's rep said.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
ITV released its own statement, confirming this week's show will not go ahead, and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks.
Did you see what happened at Ant's crash site? Email webcelebs@trinitymirror.com to tell your story
“ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend," a spokesperson said.
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment. We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: WENN.com)
Footage has emerged showing the 42-year-old looking shell shocked and unsteady on his feet just seconds after a three-car smash.
The TV favourite was nicked by cops after crashing his black Mini into two other vehicles on Sunday afternoon. He failed a roadside breathalyser test and was held in police custody for 10 hours for questioning.
And video obtained by the Daily Mail shows the star looking confused and dishevelled as he emerges from the crashed car.
His mum Christine Woodhall was in the car at the time, having gone for a walk with her son and their dogs at nearby Richmond Park. She returned to the west London home they now share since Ant's split from his wife Lisa Armstrong, and was seen leaving this morning to be smuggled away in a luxury Mercedes van.
Earlier today he was locked in 'crisis talks' with his management team hours after being arrested and held on suspicion of drink-driving.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Ant still has 18 months left of his three-year £30million 'golden handcuffs' deal with the TV company and had been scheduled to work on the three remaining episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway, Britain's Got Talent and November's I'm A Celebrity.
It was around this time last year that Ant's addictions to prescription painkillers and alcohol were really taking their toll on the telly star - which he came clean about in an emotional interview in July 2017.
A 'botched' knee operation had left Ant in agony and he'd turned to substance abuse to help cope with the pain.
Revealing his struggle to The Sun, he thanked his now estranged wife Lisa Armstrong for helping him though.
"I want to thank my wife, family and closest friends for helping me through this really difficult time. I was at the point where anything — prescription drugs, non-prescription drugs — I would take," he said in July.
"And take them with alcohol, which is ridiculous. The doctors told me, 'You could have killed yourself'. The great thing is I spoke to a lot of the medical team and I'm not an alcoholic. I was just drinking too much to numb the pain.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Instagram/lisaamkup)
"It was never crazy — I wouldn't wake up in the morning and have a drink. But it was the mixing pills with alcohol that was deadly," he added.
Ant then entered a private rehab centre for drying-out treatment and seemed back to his normal self when he returned to TV screens in November for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!.
"I've taken a little break from booze — I've done two months and I'll do a little bit longer," Ant revealed in the same interview.
"But I'm looking forward to having a pint. God, yes! I can't go to Australia and not have a cold one at the surf club with Dec like we normally do.
"That's something to look forward to but I have to get well first."
10 Wrestling moves we'd like to see in a WWE Ring
The WWE Universe would go nuts if they saw these moves in a WWE ring.
@APOD_91 by Alex Podgorski Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 02:49 IST
Strong Style!
Wrestling fans can be divided into two distinct groups. The first one is composed of fans that want to see scientific grappling, logical ring psychology, and dramatic near-falls, all of which make an excellent wrestling match. The second group is made up of those people that just want to see wrestling moves used because they look cool.
These groups tend to bleed into each other somewhat, but the latter appears to be the bigger one. A lot of fans like wrestling because they, as kids, practised wrestling moves on each other. These people were most likely to practice their favourite wrestlers' finishers on each other because that was the most fun.
I mean, what kid would choose to emulate a complicated exchange of grappling holds over a Stone Cold Stunner?
All this is important because it helps us understand what today's WWE fans are looking for. They want to see cool wrestling moves in a WWE ring more than they want to listen to weird promos and nonsensical storylines.
That's what wrestling has always been: an outlandishly-choreographed fight in which two or more men/women find creative ways to make it look like they're hurting each other.
Many of today's WWE Superstars have boring or similar-looking finishers, which doesn't help them enough in becoming more popular with the audience. If you look at the finishing moves of yore, they were simple, could be used against any opponent, and were part of a wrestler's personality and character.
Today, the only WWE wrestler to have this kind of popular finisher is Randy Orton, and that's thanks to VINE and other video manipulation tools used to superimpose him into random videos, often with hilarious results.
There are a lot of impressive wrestling moves out there, many of which aren't seen in WWE for one reason or another. Fans are forced to see these cooler moves either on YouTube or in smaller promotions to see the kinds of crazy things non-WWE wrestlers can do.
Below, we'll propose ten wrestling moves (most of which can be done safely) that should be seen in a WWE ring, and we'll also propose the wrestler that should use it.
Honourable Mention: The Fisherman Powerbomb/Spinebuster
This is one of those great wrestling moves that doesn't just look cool, but it's also one of the best mixes of power and technique rolled into one. The user lifts their opponent up for a Fisherman Buster, but instead of falling backwards and dropping them on their heads, the victim is swung forward instead, landing on their back with ferocious impact.
This is a move that takes speed and a perfect flow to pull off perfectly, so it should be used by someone that has both of those assets. Seth Rollins fits that bill perfectly, as he has shown that he has enough strength to pull of power moves well, and he's also one of the top technicians in WWE.
SmakcDown's Lana uses a variation of this move as her new in-ring finisher, and thus far it has looked just as devastating in a WWE ring. This is an excellent decision by WWE's bookers to elevate Lana quickly. Fans will want to see her use an unusual and otherwise awesome finishing move, which will help her become a bigger star quickly.
A MELBOURNE-BASED comedian who tweeted that Anzac Day is "Bogan Halloween" and a celebration of Australia's "fetishism of war and violence" has been slammed for her comments.
But like most pile-ons on social media, many took things way, way too far.
Catherine Deveny tweeted on Tuesday that "serve" is not the right word for our armed servicemen and women.
"Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs?" she wrote.
"It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishism of war and violence."
Later, she wrote that it was a "hilarious notion" that our Diggers fought for our right to free speech and that "Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British".
On Tuesday, a former soldier wrote to Deveny: "Catherine, I served my country, as a soldier, for 26 years. How many did you serve? Zero."
The comedian responded: "You didn't serve your country, you chose a job in the violence industry."
ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
One of the thing that ANZAC day brings up is the hilarious notion that Australians have fought for our right to free speech. Australians do not have the right to free speech. Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs? It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishisation of war and violence. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 23, 2018
On Facebook she declared that she can't wait for Anzac Day to be over.
"I abhor Anzac Day and can't wait til it's over. I am so delighted to hear the chorus increasing every year saying 'Anzac Day is bullshit. It's a Trojan horse for ­racism, sexism, toxic masculinity, violence, homophobia and discrimination'.
"ANZAC Day is f***ing disgusting and should have gone in the bin decades ago. As it gets closer my head feels tighter and tighter and I feel more and more nauseous. I blame the collective cognitive dissonance seeping in."
She finished with a third tweet late on Tuesday night: "ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween."
Deveny has been here before. She is an outspoken critic of Anzac Day and previously wrote that she expects the "yearly hate explosion over my Anzac Day opinions".
"My views, that Anzac Day does not reflect the inclusiveness of all those affected by war, nor our more sophisticated understanding of the true machinations and motivations behind war are neither rare, radical nor new."
In recent years, she wrote: "Anzac Day. A celebration of a society so f***ed up it saw no other option than to go to war. Kill, rape and invade. Then glorify it."
The response is almost always the same. Some support her, many are disappointed.
"It must be that time of the year again," Guy McRedmond wrote on Twitter.
"When you try to convince yourself that you are somehow relevant by tweeting more uneducated rubbish about ANZAC Day and serving members of the ADF. It's easy to post crap to get a reaction. Certainly a lot easier than serving one's country."
Another wrote that Deveny has "the right to free speech but this is vulgar. Would you say that to the face of an elderly soldier?"
Journalist Tom Steinfort tweeted simply: "Catherine Deveny. Yawn. Don't give her the attention she craves."
3AW host Tom Elliot said he was "upset" by Deveny's comments.
"Bloody hell, she is an absolute nutcase," he said. "This idea that fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan where you could be killed at any time is riduclous. What on earth would Catherine Deveny, a left-wing, alleged, not very funny comedian know about such a thing?"
The Australian Defence Association told The Australian Deveny was being "deliberately provocative".
"(She) ignores that serving in our Defence Force means accepting the obligation to 'work' in an unlimited liability occupation," the Association said. "That's why it's serving, not just working ... "Moreover, Australia has a Defence Force, not 'armed forces'."
But others responded with threats of rape and violence and ruined any chance for sensible debate.
Catherine Deveny is no stranger to backlash over her Anzac Day tweets. Picture: Scott McNaughton
After a series of tweets in the lead up to Anzac Day this year, Deveny wrote that Anzac "trolls" are "ignorant and uneducated and prove my point better than I ever could ... Show Some Respect = Shut The F*** Up Or I'll Threaten To Rape You".
She's not the first Australian with a profile to speak out against Anzac Day. Former SBS presenter Scott McIntyre was sacked in 2015 after referring to Australians marking Anzac Day as "poorly-read, largely white, nationalist drinkers and gamblers".
The Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull responded on Twitter, saying it is "difficult to think of more offensive or inappropriate comments" and that the "despicable remarks deserve to be condemned".
That didn't stop him from posting a bunch more tweets on the subject in 2016.
Heroism on command, senseless violence, all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism. pic.twitter.com/AMdt0lq9gA — Scott McIntyre (@mcintinhos) April 25, 2016
Yassmin Abdel-Magied sparked a major backlast last year when she tweeted, "Lest We Forget (Manus, Nauru, Syria, Palestine)."
Last week, she doubled down on those comments, saying "you don't even need to mention the diggers (to get a response). You just need to ask for people to extend their empathy to others".
News.com.au has reached out to Deveny for comment.
rohan.smith1@news.com.au | @ro_smith
“Musicians are like gypsies, always on the road,” concert pianist Roman Rabinovich writes me. As we chat, he's on his way to Germany to play a recital of composer Joseph Haydn‘s music. This Saturday, he's going to play at the Kennedy Center. His upcoming program will also include Haydn, as well as Sergei Rachmaninoff, Frédéric Chopin and an original composition.
Rabinovich was born in Uzbekistan but grew up in Israel and later studied at Julliard. Lately he's become known for his “Haydn Marathon” performances, but he has also referred to legendary concert pianist Sir András Schiff as his “musical guru.” He is also an accomplished visual artist who often illustrates his own programs.
Rabinovich has played the Kennedy Center before, but at the time he played the Millennium Stage for the free concert series. This time, he returns to play the Terrace Theater. It's obvious the 24-year old is ascending and in our correspondence I ask him about what the life of a concert pianist is like, his other work as an artist and how he balances his life as a concert pianist with composition.
“It's not an easy life,” he says, “but I wouldn't trade it for anything else.”
On Tap: I know from talking with other classical musicians that you spend a lot of time flying, so how do you pass the time? Gianandrea Noseda of the NSO told me he likes to read his scores, but I understand that you sketch. Do you find yourself sketching or reading scores more while you fly?
Roman Rabinovich: I usually get a lot of work done on the plane. I either compose, or draw or read. Sometimes it is important to just sleep, especially if I have to play shortly after I land.
OT: How do you balance all the travel time with your practice schedule? which I understand to be rigorous for pianists.
RR: I have to be disciplined about devoting a few hours every day to practicing no matter what. I always ask to block four to six hours before concerts so I get to know the piano and the acoustics of the hall as much as I can. I also do a lot of mental practicing without the piano.
OT: What does a typical practice day look like?
RR: Usually the first thing I do after I wake up in the morning is gone to the piano and improvise for a few minutes, to let the creative juices out. After that, I practice my repertoire for a few hours. Pianists usually have to prepare a lot of repertoire so one has to compartmentalize: two hours for recital for this week, one hour for concerto for next week, another two hours for chamber music for next month and new repertoire for next year. Then it is important to get outside and take a walk at some point before the sunset.
OT: How do you balance practice with composing?
RR: I always compose in my head – when I walk or wait in line at the airport; it never stops. Sometimes it can be quite annoying, because I don't have any control over it, and it just keeps going. Sometimes it's difficult to fall asleep. Writing it down is the final step.
OT: Who are composers you would situate in the same sonic-space as your own compositions?
RR: I'm not sure I can answer this question objectively. I can tell you who my musical heroes are: Bach, Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, Rachmaninov, Bartok, Ligeti, Kurtag, Keith Jarrett, Zakir Hussain and Radiohead. The musical material, however, has to come from the heart, essentially from the subconscious.
OT: Tell me about your piece “Memory Box.”
RR: “Memory Box” is a suite of six contrasting miniatures. I wanted to explore the world of dreams and fantasies. The seed for the piece was a series of paintings I did with the same title. The inspirations for the movements span from Stefan Zweig to ancient ruins.
OT: Tell me about the Kennedy Center concert program otherwise. What are you most looking forward to playing and why?
RR: Choosing a recital program is one of the the most thrilling and challenging tasks. It is like a visit card. One can get a sense of whom the artist is before they play anything, just by looking at the choice of their program. For my Kennedy Center debut I chose pieces I particularly love. I'm starting the program with a rarely played sonata by Haydn, a composer who I adore, and whose music I've been extensively exploring in the last two years. I'll continue with my piece “Memory Box,” followed by my favorite Rachmaninoff piece, “Variations on a Theme by Corelli.” It is a late piece that Rachmaninov wrote after he left Russia and one feels a tremendous sense of nostalgia and longing in it. It is extremely tender and bitter and full of beauty. I will conclude the program with Chopin's Four Ballades in the second half.
OT: How does your drawing figure into your day? How do you balance it with everything else?
RR: I've always loved drawing. Ever since I was a little kid I could spend many hours with a notebook and a marker, completely consumed by shapes and colors. I felt that I was creating my own emotional world, which I was in control of. I was always fascinated by the physicality of paints, canvases and brushes. And by the fact that it was permanent, as opposed to music which is so transient. You play a note, and it's gone.
OT: Who are some inspirations for your art?
RR: Van Eyck, Rembrandt, Titian, Hogarth, Van Gogh, Cézanne, Picasso, Hockney, Richter, Kiefer.
OT: Do you sell your art? Where do you hope it will go?
RR: I've sold some paintings over the years. I'd like to find a synthesis between visual art and music. In trying to achieve this I recently made a short animation, (together with Adam McRae), about my imaginary encounters with Joseph Haydn which features one of his sonatas.
OT: What else do you have coming up? Are you preparing to add some new pieces to your repertoire? Are you working on any new compositions?
RR: I'm about to play the complete Haydn Sonatas at the Bath Festival in the UK in May. It will be 45 sonatas in 10 concerts over a two-week period. Besides this I'm constantly working on new repertoire. Piano repertoire is immense and I have broad interests, so it keeps me busy. For next season I'm preparing Schubert's C minor Sonata, Ligeti's “Musica Ricercata,” Bach's Partitas and Bernstein's “Age of Anxiety,” among other pieces. As to my own music, I'm currently writing a violin sonata.
For more on Rabinovich check out his website or his YouTube channel. The concert is Saturday, March 24 at 2 p.m. Tickets are $45.
The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: 2700 F St. NW, DC; 202-467-4600; www.kennedy-center.org
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Justice Neil Gorsuch didn't wait long to start making his presence felt at the U.S. Supreme Court. Hearing arguments in his first case Monday – a procedural dispute involving the rights of federal employees who lose their jobs – Gorsuch waited only 10 minutes before unleashing a barrage of questions and suggesting both sides in the ...
Cold leftovers make for a great next-day lunch or snack. The strained and flavoured oil can be stored in a glass jar for several weeks.
Serve with sautéed sugar snap or snow peas.
For the eggs and potatoes
3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 pound Yukon Gold or other yellow-fleshed potatoes
1 small yellow onion
8 large eggs
Coarse sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper
For the herby mayo
Handful of your favourite fresh herbs, preferably a blend, such as mint, basil and thyme
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 lemon
For the eggs and potatoes: Heat the oil in a 9-inch cast-iron or ovenproof skillet, over medium heat. Rinse the potatoes, then cut them into 1/4-inch rounds, placing them flat in the skillet as you work. Peel the onion and cut into thin slices, adding them to the pan. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally so the potatoes brown on both sides and don't stick to the pan.
Strain into a heatproof colander with a heatproof bowl beneath it to collect the oil. Position an oven rack 6 inches from the broiler element; preheat to broil. (You can reuse the oil, keeping in mind that it is onion-flavoured; you will be using 1 tablespoon of it shortly.)
Whisk the eggs in a large liquid measuring cup, then season generously with salt and pepper. Add the drained potato-onion mixture and stir to coat.
Heat a tablespoon of the reserved oil in the now-empty skillet, over medium heat. Pour in the egg-potato mixture. Reduce the heat to medium-low; cook for about five minutes, until the edges are just set. Transfer to the oven; broil for about three minutes, or until puffed and golden brown.
Meanwhile, make the herby mayo: mince the herbs and place in medium bowl, along with the mayo. Squeeze in the juice from the 1/4 lemon, stirring until well incorporated.
Use a thin spatula to loosen around the edges of the eggs (tortilla) and then under them. Slide it out of the pan and onto a cutting board. Sprinkle with a little more salt. Let it sit for a minute, then cut into six equal wedges.
Serve warm or at room temperature, with dollops of the herby mayo.
Per serving: 330 calories; 25 grams fat (5 g saturated fat); 255 milligrams cholesterol; 250 mg sodium; 15 g carbohydrates; 2 g fibre; 1 g sugar; 10 g protein.
Adapted from "Repertoire: All the Recipes You Need," by Jessica Battilana (Little, Brown, 2018).
“Fall Maple” by Reginald hart
“Pudendum 1,” by Leela Bear
Daejeon Arts Collective will be running a group exhibition from Wednesday, showing off work by 16 artists from Korea and abroad.Although the show doesn't have a theme, its title comes from a Korean saying about not teaching grandmothers to suck eggs.“The title, ‘Writing Chinese in Front of Confucius,' comes from a Korean saying which means a talentless showoff telling a master how it‘s done,” DJAC president Rosalie Knaack said.“I think the title can have a different meaning to different artists, but to me it's a reminder not to take ourselves too seriously. We all are working hard at being artists, but it‘s also important to have humility even when we are putting our work on display.”This is the 10th group show that DJAC has put on together. The group is focusing on putting on two groups shows a year, although it has in the past held workshops and individual shows.And in the nature of such shows there is a mix of the newcomers and people who are moving on.Jeremy Coleman, one of the groups the newest members, will be showing some dramatic black and white photographs, said Knaack.“In one of her last exhibitions in Korea before returning to South Africa, Leela Bear is exhibiting her embroideries on denim,” she added.Knaack is not one of the artists that will be displaying work at the exhibition, but she picked out some others who were, including Alla Pomonavera, who is running a weekend photography course at KAIST and will be showing some photos taken in Vietnam.“Reginald Hart will be showing three new paintings. While he often works of tones of blue and purple, his painting called ‘Fall Maple' is vibrant in red and orange,” Knaack added.“Christopher Maslon continues to experiment in the field of screen printing. This time he has incorporated spray paint in his animals series.”“Writing Chinese in Front of Confucius” runs at the South Chungcheong Provincial Office Gallery from April 19-27. The gallery is open every day from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.There will be an event to introduce the work on Saturday from 5 p.m., including a performance art piece, with artists on hand to explain and answer questions about their work.By Paul Kerry ( paulkerry@heraldcorp.com
Club legend and former black stars player, Mohammed polo says he believes the problem at Hearts of Oak is a technical one. The former Ghanaian international is surprised and not happy with the current performance of the Phobia team so far in the Ghana Premier League.
Hearts of oak are currently 11th on the league table, just four points above the team battling relegation. The Accra based club has performed below their pedigree this season so far having just picked up 11 points from a potential 27 points.
It is with this poor showing that the dribbling magician has attributed their problems to the technical bench of the team.
He is of the view, the players need motivation and that is the work of the technical team but as far as he is concerned, they have not done a good job.
“The players need motivation and it is the coach that has to do it”, expressed Polo.
Speaking on what Hearts can do to salvage something out of the ongoing season, Mohammed Polo revealed the team needs a coach who can bring additional ideas on board to help the team when things get tough
The accused was also charged with failing to report the names of people who were coordinating the departure of “fighters” willing to join terror groups abroad and the possession of a machinegun that he sold in Syria upon his decision to return home.
All Milford Public Schools, the Parochial Schools and Platt Tech will have a 2-hour delayed opening Friday, Feb. 2. AM Preschool classes are canceled.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most people, their first memory of Caroline Flack is as the much older girlfriend of Harry Styles .
But before locking eyes with the then 17-year-old X Factor wannabe in 2011, Caroline was getting busy carving out a career for herself on Bo' Selecta .
Looking a world away from her oh-so-cool self, back in 2002 the presenter appeared in the spoof as Bubbles, the girlfriend of Michael Jackson .
Dressed in a tiny black jumpsuit and rocking some serious noughties brows, the then-blonde star was fed mushrooms by Leigh Francis - aka Keith Lemon - in the bizarre sketch that landed her on the showbiz scene.
Next came gigs on the Pepsi Chart Show, E4 Music, TMi with Sam and Mark, Comic Relief does Fame Academy and the Eurovision Song Contest before Big Brother's Little Brother, the Xtra Factor, Strictly Come Dancing and finally the smutty joy that is Love Island .
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
But of course it's not just Caroline's career that makes an interesting read. From her penchant for foot fetish to her secret twin sister, there's a whole lot you didn't know about the star.
Until now.
Here goes...
How old is Caroline Flack?
Born in Enfield, London on November 9, 1979, the sexy star is 38 but doesn't look a day over 30.
The reformed party girl credits yoga and clean living for her toned figure and killer pins, having cut down on the booze in 2016.
(Image: Instagram)
She even sleeps in her bra to stop her boobs sagging, but has refused to rule out going under the knife in the future.
"Never say never. When I was doing X Factor I actually had a consultation for liposuction," she told Mirror Online.
"I had to get the plastic surgeon tickets to the show and he came into my dressing room and I stood there while he inspected me. He took a good look at me and said, "You don't need liposuction, you need exercise. But he did offer me bum implants."
(Image: Instagram/carolineflack)
When did Caroline date Harry Styles?
Courgar Caz was 32 when she hooked up with a 17-year-old Harry back in 2011.
Sparks flew as she presented spin-off show The Xtra Factor and he fought for a place in One Direction.
They dated for three months before lothario-in-training Harry announced their split on Twitter, just weeks before 1D headed off on their first US tour.
"Please know I didn't 'dump' Caroline. This was a mutual decision. She is one of the kindest, sweetest people I know," he wrote.
And despite the 15-year age gap, Caroline has always insisted there was nothing weird about their romance.
As far as she's concerned, things only got strange when everyone else started giving her gyp over it.
"I've never felt I was much older than Harry. I still feel 18 and I probably act that way half the time," she wrote in her autobiography, Storm In A C Cup.
"We were both single, we got on well and we had a laugh. It was only when it becomes public knowledge that things turned sour. At the beginning it was all very playful. He joked about being attracted to older women.
"It began to go wrong when he was pictured coming out of my house one morning. And that was that. In the street people started shouting 'paedophile' at me in the street and 'pervert'."
Did she date Prince Harry?
Yes she did!
The lucky lady met the ginger prince through mutual friend and Formula One Sky Sports correspondent Natalie Pinkham on a night out in 2009, and they hit it right off.
"I knew she was friends with Prince Harry , and I'd never met him, so I thought, 'Oh that's quite exciting,' and for a moment I perked up," she recalled of their meeting in her book.
(Image: AFP)
"So I was just sitting there and he arrived with a few others in tow and we all spent the evening chatting and laughing."
But like with Harry Styles, once word got out, the party was off.
"We had to stop seeing each other," she wrote.
"I was no longer Caroline Flack, TV presenter, I was Caroline Flack, Prince Harry's bit of rough."
What other boyfriends has Caroline had?
The sizzling star has got good game, and has scored a slew of hunks, dating Sam Smith's manager Jack Street from 2014 to 2015.
(Image: FameFlynet)
Their split was drama-packed, with Caroline left heartbroken after he allegedly cheated with Glee actress Dianna Agron.
"Caroline is heartbroken to see him move on so fast," a source told The Mirror after he was seen with another woman just weeks after they parted.
“She thought they could make a go of it the second time. Clearly it's over now. This break-up has been even more acrimonious than the last. And the timing of him going public with a new girlfriend couldn't have been worse."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
X Factor winner James Arthur also had a major thing for her, and she was spotted flirting her socks off with Niall Horan at an awards after-party in 2015, where she was reportedly overheard telling him, "I'm old enough to be your mother".
The Love Island host dated artist Blue Logan for three months last year, and was later linked to contestant Muggy Mike Thalassitis thanks to their saucy on-screen banter.
They happily fuelled the fires with a series of touchy-feely selfies, but Caggles finally confirmed last December that nothing - and nobody - went down IRL.
(Image: Instagram/blue.logan)
“No, but I'll tell you what. He is so fit. Right, he is fit in pictures, but in the flesh and you see him close up," she frothed on Alan Carr's New Year's Specstacular.
“He is a beautiful man. But no, all very professional!”
What happened between Caroline and Andrew Brady?
Like all great love stories, Flacko and Apprentice star Andrew's romance is said to have begun on a night out in East London.
Despite a 12-year age gap, the 26-year-old was spotted moving his things into Cazzer's home in early April 2018.
But a week later, she dropped him like a hot potato after a girl messaged her claiming to have hooked up with the reality hunk after meeting him in a nightclub.
However, all was forgiven when she showed off a new wrist tattoo on April 13 which appeared to be the initials A.B.
(Image: Instagram)
Does Caroline have a twin sister?
In bizarre but true news, Cazzer absolutely does have a twin sister - Jody Flack.
They're not identical twins, and unlike Caroline who pursued a career in showbiz, mother-of-three Jody prefers to steer clear of the spotlight.
"She's a mum with three beautiful children, so we have completely different lives, but we each enjoy the other's life vicariously," Caroline previously told The Express.
(Image: Phil Lewis/aWENN.com)
“We're very close - we shared a bed until we were four and we were in the same class at school - but we're quite different.”
Jody is her biggest cheerleader, and tweeted her support to 'Carrie' ahead of Love Island 2017.
Although Jody does have one claim to fame in that she was spotted driving Harry Styles to Kings Cross station during his fling with her sis.
What is it with Caroline Flack and feet?
Bizarrely 'Caroline Flack feet' is one of the most Googled terms relating to the star, and the reason could be two-fold.
Number one, she has teeny tiny feet. At a diminutive 5ft 2, her feet are an even titchier size 2.5, making shopping outside the kids section a real challenge.
"Pixies make them!" she joked to Now magazine. "My feet are really tiny so I often choose vintage shoes as everyone in the past was obviously minute.
" Kurt Geiger 's heels are good, because I can buy a size 3 and get away with them. Opening Ceremony also do really cute boots."
Number two, she once revealed that feet get her all hot under the collar.
"Did I tell you I have a foot fetish?" she added. "I really love feet. If a guy's got nice feet, that's a massive tick."
It appears that Windows 10 is continuing to grow in popularity, with recent figures showing that 34.92% of PC users are running the operating system.
The figures come courtesy of Netmarketshare, a company that tracks what operating systems people use on the internet. While the company can't determine the operating system of every laptop or desktop PC in the world, it at least gives us an idea of how well operating systems are doing.
With Windows 10 hitting its largest market share ever, Microsoft will surely be pleased.
Windows 7 hangs on
However, despite Windows 10 growing in popularity, according to Netmarketshare, Windows 7 remains the most popular operating system for PCs.
Microsoft may be struggling to convince those users to upgrade, but it should at least take comfort in the fact that it's still clearly in the lead when it comes to desktop and laptop operating systems, with the Windows platform as a whole being used by 88.53% of users. Meanwhile, Apple's range of macOS operating systems are a distant second at 8.75%, and Linux third with 2.27%.
It's worth noting that this is just from statistics recorded by a single company. Earlier this year we reported that Statcounter found that Windows 10 has surpassed Windows 7 users.
The truth may lie somewhere between these two results, but what's clear is that Windows 10's user base continues to grow, and that Apple, Linux and Chome OS devices still have a long way to go to topple Microsoft's dominance.
Check out our selection of the best laptops of 2018
Via Windows Report
Authorities Believe NYC Terror Attack Inspired by ISIS
NEW YORK, NEW YORK (WOLO, ABC) – An attempted terrorist attack in New York City is believed to be inspired but not directed by ISIS. Authorities are now talking to a lone suspect in custody.
The explosion happened at the height of morning rush hour. It happened at a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Taxi drivers in North Somerset are being encouraged to install CCTV cameras in their vehicles under a new licensing policy being considered.
North Somerset Council is consulting on its Hackney Carriage and Private Hire licensing policy for 2018-2023.
Under the new policy the installation of video and sound monitoring equipment would not be compulsory, but would be encouraged by the authority.
It comes after some local authorities across the country faced backlash over privacy concerns after they opted to make the installation of CCTV compulsory.
North Somerset Council has said the decision is “best left to the judgement of the owners and drivers themselves”.
In the draft policy document the council has said installing cameras may be of benefit when it comes to ensuring passenger and driver safety.
The policy reads: “Lone female passengers can be vulnerable especially late at night and female drivers may be more likely to seek employment with proprietors who have CCTV installed in their vehicles.
“Installation of CCTV cameras may have a positive impact on reducing crime and anti-social behaviour.
“It provides an additional tool for the identification of persons travelling in a private hire or Hackney Carriage vehicle. This would be beneficial to passengers, drivers and the police.”
North Somerset has said drivers and organisations will be encouraged to consider the installation of CCTV on a “voluntary basis”.
(Image: Northcliffe Media Ltd)
But any driver or operator that chooses to use recording equipment within the vehicle will be responsible for handling the relevant data gathered in an “appropriate and secure manner”.
Any vehicle with CCTV must also have signage making passengers aware that they are being filmed or recorded.
The consultation for the licensing policy closes on Monday, July 2 and members of the public are invited to give their views.
REFLECTIVE: Pools of still water perfectly capture a fire like sunset sky.
FROM beautiful seascapes to the idyllic hinterland, our readers have captured the beauty of the Coffs Coast through their photos.
There's still time to share your favourite image of the Coffs area for a chance to become our Facebook cover image for the week.
Don't miss the call out on Mondays at 5.30pm.
CLOSE Betsy Opyt, owner of Betsy's Best seed and nut butters, prepares a gingerbread smoothie.
Buy Photo Betsy Opyt sits at her home in North Naples on Thursday, Nov. 30, 2017. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Friends in college used to call her "Betsy Crocker."
Betsy Opyt, a registered dietitian who now lives in North Naples, has always experimented in the kitchen, creating healthy recipes for friends and family.
Three years ago, her creations turned into a business.
Now, Betsy's Best gourmet nut and seed butters, which are non-GMO and gluten- and palm oil-free, are sold in more than 2,100 stores across 39 states, and online at Amazon.com. In Naples, shoppers can find Betsy's Best at Whole Foods, Oakes Farms Market, Neighborhood Organics and Wynn's, and in Bonita Springs at DeRomo's.
And around the holidays, Opyt says her products can be a handy tool to eating healthy.
More: Get the full gingerbread smoothie recipe
More: Kava Culture bar opens in Bonita Springs, brings debated national trend to south Lee
More: Meet Me at the Gym: Feel the burn on Pilates reformer beds at studio in North Naples
Opyt, a fitness trainer and former Florida Young Mother of the Year, started making her own peanut butter seven years ago — grinding the nuts by hand — when her daughter was about to start preschool.
"I tried to make a sandwich for her and she refused to eat it because she hated the peanut butter," Opyt recalled. "So I said, you know what, I have a Vitamix and I'm crafty and I'll just throw some unique ingredients with some spices and flavor that I think she'll like."
She created a recipe with cinnamon, honey, pink Himalayan salt and chia seeds, which is now the key ingredient in each of her four butters. Everyone loved her peanut butter. She shared jars with family and friends, including one of her clients, a retired New York City businessman.
"After a year of eating it he was like, 'Betsy, do you want to go into the peanut butter business?' "
More: Buy Betsy's Best on Amazon.com
So every Friday Opyt found friends and family to help her grind the nuts, and on Saturday they sold jars of it at the Shoppes of Vanderbilt farmers market in North Naples. She sold 200 jars in four hours.
Knowing she had a product people would buy, Opyt made pitches to national grocery stores, and Whole Foods was the first to carry Betsy's Best.
“Healthy eating can be fun and delicious. You don't have to compromise taste for health.” Betsy Opyt, founder of Betsy's Best gourmet nut and seed butters
"There was a lot of passion and a lot of thought and integrity behind the brand, but the main message I want to get across is healthy eating can be fun and delicious. You don't have to compromise taste for health."
She spent about a year developing each of the four flavors. After the peanut butter, Opyt launched the almond butter flavor, which is also blended with cinnamon spice. It's now the best-seller.
Next, she released a sunflower seed butter.
Buy Photo Betsy's Best seed and nut butters on Thursday, Nov. 30, 2017, at Betsy Opyt's home in North Naples. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)
"A lot of schools are allergen-free and they can't even bring a nut butter, so I wanted parents to have an option, so this one is blended with sunflower seeds," she said.
The fourth butter is a savory one — cashew cardamom. It's so versatile, Opyt said, that it can go in a marinade for steak or chicken, in a smoothie, in cookies, or as dip for fruit or vegetables.
And in 2018, Opyt will release a toasted coconut butter.
Opyt hopes her products will inspire customers to create new, healthy recipes in the kitchen. About 80 recipes — even one for dogs — are listed on her website, betsysbest.com, and she recently released a holiday cookbook, including recipes for a white bean turkey chili with cashew cardamom and candy cane cookie dough balls. The cookbook comes free with any Betsy's Best purchase on Amazon.com.
Buy Photo A gingerbread smoothie on Thursday, Nov. 30, 2017, at Betsy Opyt's home in North Naples. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)
It's always a challenge to stay healthy during the holidays, so Opyt suggests setting yourself up with a plan.
"If you know you're going to a holiday event, don't go hungry. Have a healthy snack before you, or set a goal in your mind."
Portion control is key, she said. Instead of having an entire slice of cheesecake, take only one bite.
And a spoonful of one her butters also helps satisfy the sweet (or savory) tooth.
"It's an indulgence," Opyt said, "but it's a healthy indulgence, so you feel good about eating something that tastes so good."
Betsy's Best
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/life/diet-fitness/2017/12/11/naples-based-gourmet-nut-and-seed-butter-healthy-indulgence/914473001/
Valve has released a beta version of Steam 360 Video Player, a native player so that users can easily watch immersive videos on their VR headsets.
360-degree videos aren't quite as involved as the full VR gaming experience where you can move around and interact with the world around you, but are gaining popularity, with Facebook and YouTube integrating 360-degree videos into their platforms.
Up until now users wanting to watch 360-degree videos on the HTC Vive have had to install additional software, like Virtual Desktop which was time consuming and laborious.
Now Engadget reports that Valve has released Steam 360 Video Player, which not only makes 360-degree video native to the platform, taking out much of the time and effort associated with watching the immersive video format, but also ads some really useful features.
I can't do it captain, I don't have the power
The Steam store will include Feature Films, Series, Episodic, and Tutorial Content that you can select with a simple click within the VR experience.
As well offering the ability to play downloaded videos, the update also allows users to stream video, thus saving the time it would take having to download the entire file before starting to watch your footage.
Of course, the size of the video file on a 360-degree video is significantly larger than a standard video file because of the area of ‘screen' occupied by image. This means that streaming is going to require significant bandwidth. In its Q&A about the new function, Valve say that “video quality will automatically adjust based on your available download bandwidth”.
At the moment the player is only for VR headsets but there is apparently a desktop version on its way soon which will allow users to use a mouse to look around.
There are already a few videos available to try out on the platform, including the traumatic promo for Alien Covenant, Alien: Covenant In Utero, where you can experience the birth of a Xenomorph from the point of view of the Xenomorph.
BUSINESS
President Moon Jae-in (R) speaks in a weekly meeting with his top aides held at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae in Seoul on Dec. 11, 2017. (Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in called for swift measures Monday to reduce working hours and eradicate job-related corruption at public firms."Revising the Labor Standards Act to cut working hours is a task we can no longer afford to delay," the president said while meeting with his top presidential aides in a weekly meeting at his office Cheong Wa Dae."As both ruling and opposition parties share the common objective of (improving) the economy and people's livelihoods, I ask them to make responsible decisions to realize the goal at the extraordinary session of the parliament and meet the people's expectations," Moon added, according to Cheong Wa Dae pool reports.Reducing average working hours is part of Moon's new income-led growth strategy that also includes boosting the minimum wage to 10,000 won ($9.16) per hour before his five-year term ends in 2022 from the current 6,470 won per hour. The minimum wage is already set to jump 16.4 percent to 7,485 won at the start of next year."Also, I wish the parliament will quickly pass other welfare-related bills to make sure the benefits of recent economic improvements will reach ordinary citizens, small shop owners and small and medium-sized enterprises," the president said.The president also called for stepped-up efforts to eradicate what he called deep-rooted and pervasive job-related corruption at public firms."As suspected, job-related corruption at public organizations was not exceptional, nor was it limited to only certain organizations," he said, citing an interim report on a government inspection released Friday that listed over 180 suspected cases of employment irregularities.Cheong Wa Dae spokesman Park Soo-hyun later said the government planned to file for formal prosecution investigations of 23 cases.The spokesman said over 2,000 irregularities have been confirmed at 672 public entities, or 61.3 percent of 1,096 public organizations subject to the ongoing government inspection."The government plans to complete the special inspections on all subject public organizations before the end of December," he said in a press release."We will have to hold those responsible fully accountable for their civil and criminal charges, considering the feeling of anger and loss the report has brought to the people, and take necessary measures against those who got hired through corruptive means," the president said.He urged a complete overhaul of the employment process to prevent any recurrence of such incidents at public firms, as well as at private companies."I ask you to prevent employment-related corruption at public and financial organizations, and also spread the move to private businesses by coming up with fundamental measures to resolve the issue of employment-related corruption that has become a deep-seated part of our society," he added. (Yonhap)
Bitcoin futures have now been brought into the fold, and the attempt to control Bitcoin has not worked. The corporate media and central banks are making their case of why fiat currency is better than cryptocurrency, but history is showing us something different. BoA is saying we are headed into a recession, most likely we have been in one. The US Treasury says the tax bill will keep the country out of a recession for a long time, something in the tax bill says something completely different. Countries have figured it out, they have the ability to bypass the petro dollar and the sanctions, it is only a matter of time before everything starts to fall apart.
X22 Report
Dave's Bio: I am 49 years old and I have children. I lived in NY and I was there for 911 and the North East blackout. I lost my job in 2008 and was laid off. Since 2008 I have been prepping. My wife, kids and I try to eat organic and we try to avoid all chemicals in foods. We make our own bread, food and pizza from scratch. I have a technology background and have worked for large financial institutions. My main job was securing the systems from viruses and hackers and maintaining the trading systems so the money flowed from system to system. I have tried talking to friends and relatives about what was going on but every time I talked about the government, FED and the economic collapse they looked at me like I was crazy. I decided to start a website and broadcast to the world what was going on. I didn't really think that anyone would really listen to what I was saying when I started it was just a way to get the word out and get it off my chest.
I realized as the cost of everything continually increases it is getting harder and harder to live the life of my parents and grandparents. I realized if we all don't do something our children will not have the opportunities and freedoms the way the founding fathers envisioned.
Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue talked on Wednesday about the North American Free Trade Agreement negotiations, saying he's “somewhat disappointed” with the pace of the talks.
Politico's Morning Ag Report says Perdue tried to offer hope to U.S. farmers by saying there's a potential for serious agricultural discussions next week when Round Four gets underway. “Honestly, we've been somewhat disappointed in the first three rounds, but we think this is the way these things get going,” Perdue said. Speaking at a Washington International Trade Association event, Perdue added, “If you've ever watched a boxing match, they circle one another for a while, and I think we've been circling.” He says the administration will lay some things on the table in the next round of talks.
Some of the more serious things will include the dairy trade dispute with Canada. Perdue expects both dairy and poultry to be topics of discussion in the next round of talks. He says dairy gains with Canada may be tough to achieve.
The secretary also wants to address the concerns southeast U.S. fruit and vegetable growers have over increasing competition from Mexican producers. Perdue acknowledged on Wednesday that they have been hurt by Mexican competition under NAFTA.
Chittagong
Three-hundred-and-seventeen runs, for the loss of two wickets. So passed another batting day in Chittagong – a day on which Sri Lanka moved to a position of true strength for the first time in the game, and a day in which a draw became a distinct possibility, such is the absence of wear on this surface. Batsmen prospered more or less relentlessly, and only when the ball was new did it pose them challenges. Bangladesh's bowlers were ground down, two of them now having conceded over a hundred, and a third having given away 97. Fielders were run haggard. Only nine runs behind the opposition now, Sri Lanka have seven wickets remaining, and a shot at establishing a large first-innings lead.
It is to the overnight pair of Kusal Mendis and Dhananjaya de Silva that the first half of the day belonged, and they who ticked off a number of personal milestones during the course of their 308-run second-wicket stand. Mendis completed his fourth Test ton early in the day, before his scoring picked up speed in the afternoon session, and he went on to make 196. Dhananjaya, flowing and assertive (just as he had been on day two), hit a personal high score of 173, during the course of which he became Sri Lanka's equal-fastest batsman to 1000 Test runs along with Roy Dias and Michael Vandort. Mendis too registered his highest Test score, just pipping the 194 he had hit – also against Bangladesh – last year.
Once those two had departed, and after Mendis had forged a 22-over, 107-run association with Roshen Silva, the scoring slowed significantly. Dinesh Chandimal batted at his now-familiar laboured fashion, making 37 off 90 deliveries, with only one boundary to his name. Roshen was quicker, but hardly rapid. He went to stumps thirteen runs shy of a maiden Test a hundred, having faced 173 deliveries. This was only his third Test innings.
For Bangladesh the day was one of missed opportunity. Mustafizur Rahman will feel he should have had Mendis out for the second time in the innings, when Mendis edged a back-of-a-length delivery.—AFP
Zilotrope Sperms are very sensitive to temperature change and any slight change could lead to abnormalities in sperms. A number of the respondents, 14.29 percent, indicated that the intent of the commercial is to sell a male enhancement product and not intentionally marketed in order to humiliate men afflicted with E.D. If you haven't tried papaya, you are missing out on a fruit that is literally packed full of life-enhancing nutrients that combine in the human body to promote cardiovascular health, healthy digestion, a stronger immune system, muscle tissue renewal, anti-aging, and so much more. You should collect the fruits when they are ripe before frost.
They can be very harmful and do not create a favorable atmosphere for the baby in the mother's womb. Ginseng is safe for regular use and there are no side effects associated with ginseng usage. A healthy diet is a must in preparing for a healthy pregnancy.
Eat a well balanced diet, rich in antioxidants and vitamins and other nutrients. When diluted in gentle carrier oil and rubbed between the hip bones, it can help decrease inflammation in the reproductive organs, and open certain blockages in your nerves. In addition, the aptly named Horny Goat Weed extract is used to enhance male libido. In white zoot suit, many young people wore a more moderate version of the draped pants. That is why it is illegal for athletes who are joining a certain official competition to use them. https://growxlsite.com/zilotrope/
VANCOUVER—A Surrey, B.C., family who fled Donald Trump's immigration crackdown is garnering growing support in the community, thanks to two fundraisers and letters of support offered to help their bid for Canadian asylum. Last month, Jesús Soriano Rodriguez shared his family's story with StarMetro. The 38-year-old former Mexican kidnapping victim and his wife Isabel Torres Alvares, both Mexican citizens, lived undocumented for years in California where they had two children, and a third born in Canada with citizenship here.
Mexican nationals Isabel Soriano, back left, and Jesús Soriano Rodriguez, both 38, in Vancouver in June. The couple and their children — Zafiro Citaly (8), Yaretzy Cristal (2) and Jade Ixayana (1) — are seeking refugee status in Canada. ( David P. Ball / StarMetro Vancouver )
After the Trump administration ramped up its anti-immigrant rhetoric and polices — and witnessing other undocumented Mexicans arrested and separated from their children — he and his family walked across the border into B.C. in May 2017. Multiple attempts to gain refugee status have so far failed. “Jésus is the best worker I've ever had,” said his employer since October, Hoff Tree Services co-owner Alex Goldkind, in a phone interview. “Not only is he consistent, but everybody we work for loves the guy, he's so well-mannered. “I've had him every single job since October, except when he tells me he has to go to see his lawyer because the Canadian government is rejecting his claims. The fact our government is even giving him a hard time is so frustrating.”
Article Continued Below
Goldkind plans to write a letter of support vouching for the Sorianos' contribution to society here. But the federal Immigrant and Refugee Board rejected their asylum appeal after hearing the family's case, which centred on their fear of organized crime if they are returned to Mexico, because Soriano Rodriguez was kidnapped for ransom. It ruled on May 28 they aren't “persons in need of protection” even though it had found “the appellants to be credible regarding what happened to them in Mexico” and that “the appellants are one of many victims of criminal organizations who engage in activities such as kidnapping and ransom.” Now, in a last-ditch bid, Soriano Rodriguez has asked a judge to review that ruling. But they received a letter from the Canada Border Services Agency recently requesting a meeting with him, his wife and three children on July 13. The letter does not indicate what the meeting is for, but states it's “a mandatory in person interview” and warns that “failure to report … will result in the issuance of a warrant for your arrest and detention.”
Soriano Rodriguez spoke about his quest to stay in Canada at the Vancouver rally against migrant family separations on Saturday that coincided with hundreds across the continent. One of the local organizers of that rally, Nikki Koutsochilis, was inspired by hearing about his daughter holding a makeshift ice cream sale outside their Surrey home because she wanted to help raise legal funds. So she launched a Gofundme online fundraising campaign, which in a week had raked in $1,260.
Article Continued Below
“I talked to Jésus and learned more about his story,” she said in a phone interview. “There's been a lot of talk about what's going on in the U.S., which is terrible. But we need to recognize there are repercussions here, and a lot of things going on in Canada too — there is no easy option for a lot of migrants. “What really hit me is his daughter was so concerned about (their asylum bid) that she took it into her own hands to stet up an ice cream stand to help her family out. If she's setting up an ice cream stand, we can at least all chip in and do our part.” For Goldkind, who also started an online fundraising campaign to help the family with their legal expenses, the Sorianos are more than family of an employee: his own three-year-old daughter has gotten close to their daughter. “They just love playing with each other,” he said. “These are the kinds of people who need to be Canadian citizens.” —With files from Cherise Seucharan David P. Ball is a Vancouver-based reporter covering democracy and politics. Email him or follow him on Twitter: @davidpball
Read more about:
After Euphoria, A Daunting Task: How To Rescue Thai Boys From Complex Cave System?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tham Luang Rescue Operation Center/AP Tham Luang Rescue Operation Center/AP
When volunteer British divers managed the remarkable late Monday night, finding 12 Thai boys and their soccer coach stranded on a ledge more than a mile into a complex cave system, they were greeted with a chorus of thank yous — and one very difficult question. It came from the mouth of a lanky boy who had just spent nine days with his teammates stranded in darkness a half-mile below ground.
"When can we leave?"
Simple as that question may be, the difficulty of its answer came into stark relief as the sun set Tuesday over Chiang Rai, home of the labyrinthine passages of Tham Luang Nang Non cave. The boys and their 25-year-old coach face two main options for survival: either learn to dive their way out of the cave, or wait until the waters that flooded it finally begin to recede.
With the end of the rainy season still several months away, one of those options has clear advantages over the other: Waiting for things to dry out just "sounds a little untenable," journalist Michael Sullivan tells Here & Now from Chiang Rai, where he is following the rescue efforts.
That does not mean the alternative — teaching the boys how to dive — presents a much easier prospect.
"Although water levels have dropped," says the British Cave Rescue Council, the volunteer divers' small charity organization, "the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering."
The council had sent its divers on the request of Thai authorities. Bill Whitehouse, the group's vice chairman, tells NPR's Ari Shapiro that the call last week even came with flight tickets — "so they had to rush around, finish getting their kit together and get themselves down to [London's] Heathrow Airport ready to fly out."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Linh Pham/Getty Images Linh Pham/Getty Images
But now that the boys have been found, Thai navy SEALs have been leading efforts to ferry them out, with the aid of diving lines laid between the boys and the cave entrance.
Those lines are now helping the boys get essential food and medical supplies — and soon, they may be relied upon to get them out entirely.
"These are really, really small spaces that these [rescuers] had to get to, to get to the kids in the first place. And you have to worry about these kids freaking out a little bit," Sullivan explains. "My guess is ... they'll have two divers on either side of each boy, and they'll have the divers guide them down the ropes to the entrance to the cave."
But if that is the avenue rescuers intend to take, they will first need to wait for the boys to regain their strength. After more than a week without food, they have lost energy and muscle.
And so Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew, commander of the Thai navy SEALs, told local media that they have been concentrating on supplying the boys with "easily digested and high-powered food with enough minerals." He said Tuesday that seven members of his unit, including two medical professionals, are now with the boys and their coach inside the cave, according to The Bangkok Post.
As they wait, the BBC's Howard Johnson reports, more than 2,500 gallons of water per hour are being pumped out of the cave in order to ease the boys' dive out. But the operation, even at its present scale, is likely to falter in the face of downpours expected later this week.
It is partly that torrential forecast that has Interior Minister Anupong Paojinda eager to get the boys out before much more time passes.
"The evacuation must speed up," he said, according to The Bangkok Post. "If the water rises, the task will be difficult. We must bring the kids out before then."
The matter is complicated, he added, by the fact the boys don't know how to swim.
Yet U.S. Air Force Capt. Jessica Tait, who is part of the American military contingent helping near the cave, tells ABC News that the boys have already proven they have the mettle necessary to make the arduous trek to the surface.
"Really, when you think about it — nine days in complete darkness, no food," Tait says. "When I think about that mental will to live, these boys have it."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners will challenge Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to properly fund the NHS, with a mass rally in central London this weekend.
Tens of thousands are expected to march on Downing Street to demand an end to the funding crisis in the Health Service.
The 'Fix It Now' march organised by Health Campaigns Together and the People's Assembly will snake through the capital, with marchers demanding more beds, more staff and more funds from the Tory Health Secretary.
But when and where will the protest take place? And what's the best way to get involved?
Here's everything you need to know.
Where and when is the protest?
(Image: AFP)
The March will take place in central London on Saturday February 3.
Protesters will assemble at midday on Gower Street, before marching to Downing Street.
Who's speaking at the event and what time are they on?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speakers at the start of the rally (Gower Street)
Rufus Hound - comedian / actor
Jac Berry - Nurse
Tony O'sullivan - KONP
Filipino Activist Network
HRI campaign
Health Campaigns Together
People's Assembly
National Health Singers
Speakers at the end of the rally (Downing Street - from 2.15pm to 3.30pm)
Chairs: Steve Turner (Unite & People's Assembly) & Louise Irvine (HCT)
Jon Ashworth - Labour
Johnathan Bartley - Green Party
Ralf Little - Actor
Piers Agget - Rudimental
Paul Nowak - TUC
Cecilia Anim - RCN
Helga Pile - Unison
Sarah Carpenter - Unite
Disabled People Against Cuts
Sam Fairbairn - People's Assembly -
Aislinn Doherty - Health Campaigns Together
Kevin Courtney - NEU
Nicky Romoro - Mother of Becky Romoro who died because of lack of NHS recourses
David Bailey - Senior A&E nurse
What else might happen?
(Image: Getty Images)
Actor Ralf Little has issued an open letter to Jeremy Hunt to meet with him at the rally to discuss issues of funding around the Health Service.
What if I can't make it to the protest?
We'll have full coverage of the march as it happens here on MirrorPolitics
Caution Tape Means Vehicle Checked For Emergencies
December 11, 2017
Livingston County residents are being advised of procedures in dealings with abandoned vehicles or others involved in spinouts during bad weather.
The Hartland-Deerfield Fire Authority issued an advisory for the public recently, saying all emergency agencies within Livingston County are using the same procedure. Officials say vehicles that have either been abandoned and/or involved in spinouts during harsh weather conditions will be marked with caution tape. The caution tape is tied from mirror to mirror over the windshield and a small section tied to the antenna, if the vehicle has one.
Marking vehicles in such a way is designed to let others know that the vehicle has been checked for any emergencies and that there is no need to respond back to it. If someone calls 911 to report a vehicle off the road, officials ask citizens keep in mind that a dispatcher may ask if any caution tape is on the vehicle. Facebook photo. (JM)
Through the column of your esteemed Daily, I would like to draw the attention of the concerned authorities to the prevailing street crimes in the city of Karachi. The number of street crimes has increased, especially the snatching of mobile phones. It has become dangerous for the citizens to stay safe in any area.
The robbers have become more active over time, it's like they have no fear, the way they rob with such bravery. People are in fear whether to travel with their expensive mobile phones or not. I think everyone travels with another mobile phone which is less expensive. The authorities which are responsible for the security of the citizens should keep an eye on these culprits and their activities and punish them accordingly.
AIMAN FATIMAH
Karachi
Related
March 20 (UPI) -- Those born on this date are under the sign of Pisces.
They include:
-- Adventurer/writer Edward Judson, originator of the dime novel, writing as Ned Buntline, in 1821
-- Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen in 1828
-- Actor/bandleader Ozzie Nelson in 1906
-- Actor Michael Redgrave in 1908
-- Actor Vera Lynn in 1917 (age 101)
-- Diplomat Pamela Harriman in 1920
-- Actor/producer/director Carl Reiner in 1922 (age 96)
-- Fred Rogers (TV's Mister Rogers) in 1928
-- Actor Hal Linden in 1931 (age 87)
-- Author Lois Lowry in 1937 (age 81)
-- Former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney in 1939 (age 79)
-- Basketball Hall of Fame member Pat Riley in 1945 (age 73)
-- Hockey Hall of Fame member Bobby Orr in 1948 (age 70)
-- Actor William Hurt in 1950 (age 68)
-- Filmmaker Spike Lee in 1957 (age 61)
-- Actor Theresa Russell in 1957 (age 61)
-- Actor Holly Hunter in 1958 (age 60)
-- Actor David Thewlis in 1963 (age 55)
-- Model/actor Kathy Ireland in 1963 (age 55)
-- Singer Chester Bennington (Linkin Park) in 1976
-- Actor Bianca Lawson in 1979 (age 39)
-- Actor Freema Agyeman in 1979 (age 39)
-- Model/actor Ruby Rose in 1986 (age 32)
-- Tennis player Sloane Stephens in 1993 (age 25)
-- Singer Zonnique Pullins in 1996 (age 22)
-- Barron Trump, son of President Donald Trump, in 2006 (age 12)
Live PD Returns, Helps RCSD Build Community Relations
Live and in action! Richland County Sheriff's department is back at it with Season 2 of Live PD premiering Friday night
Columbia, SC (WOLO)– When people rolled up to Bojangles they were probably a little surprised to see Sheriff Lott pop his head out the window.
“Shocked, to begin with,” Lott laughed. “And they go ‘aren't you the sheriff?' ‘Yeah, welcome to Bojangles, your lunch today is compliments of the Sheriff's department and Bojangles.' And then they really get a look of shock because they don't expect that.”
Richland County Sheriff's Department is celebrating their second season of appearing on Live PD by kicking it off by buying lunch for the community.
“Live PD has helped us show transparency in the sheriff's department but also reach out to the community. And they get to know these deputies and they see who they are and see that we do a good job,” Lott said.
“It's pretty awesome again, interacting even some more with the community members. Taking pictures. Kind of saying– yeah we are human, we're not robots, we're flesh and skin, we breathe, we cry, we hurt.' So it's just awesome just trying to get that started and get more people involved with the show,” Mark Laureano said, a master deputy with RCSD and often on Live PD.
Sheriff Lott says the show even impacts the amount of crime in the county.
“Particularly on Friday and Saturday nights. People are at home watching it, and the bad guys know not to go out on Friday and Saturday nights. So, yeah we've actually seen it impact crime a little bit too,” Lott said.
“I've gone to fights, uprisings, you know big things that potentially could go bad and then I show up– hey he's from Live PD, he's from Live PD, and then everything just kind of goes down. And then they want to take pictures or ask for autographs and I go, ‘you know this ain't going to get you nothing right?” Laureano said laughing.
And their celebrity status isn't just here in the county.
“I've received messages from Canada, London, Arab countries. And it's amazing for them to be so motivated to say I appreciate you and what you do, and I'm not even locally there to affect them,” Laureano said.
“So it's not just Richland county that we're impacting. I think we're representing law enforcement across the United States and doing it in a positive way,” Lott said.
You can bet, the RCSD is just as excited about the premiere as you are.
“It's just awesome, I'm motivated, I'm fired up,” Laureano said.
You can watch the premiere Friday at 9 on A&E.
Our Correspondent
Hyderabad
In a matter of alleged encroachment on a graveyard in Latifabad taluka of Hyderabad, the Sindh High Court has issued notices to the respondents here Friday. The Hyderabad Circuit Bench of justice Khadim Hussain M Shaikh and justice Mehmood A Khan summoned the officials along with the relevant record for February 13 hearing.
The officials include Deputy Commissioner Muhammad Saleem Rajput, Municipal Commissioner Shahid Ali Khan of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (HMC), Assistant Commissioner Latifabad and In Charge Anti Encroachment Cell.—APP
Chase Bryant has taken the song “Better Man” that Taylor Swift wrote for Little Big Town
and turned the plot around. Chase, accompanied by Runaway June, takes the Little Big Town cover and sings it from the males perspective. It is rumored that Taylor wrote this song about her ex Calvin Harris, I wonder if he would agree with Chase's perspective?
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Scranton firefighter Kyle Savage exchanged kisses for donations to help raise money for Operation Warm at Electric City Bakehouse on Penn Avenue during Scranton's First Friday celebration. Electric City Bakehouse on Penn Avenue hosted Kiss for a Cause Friday as Vinny Worden puckers up to kiss Scranton Firefighter Kyle Savage for donations to help raise money for Operation Warm. Jason Farmer / Staff Photographer
SCRANTON — Sandra Brown and 27 others had spots at a table at the Century Club in Scranton on Friday night, but no one sat.
Brown and the others represent local domestic violence victims killed over the years as part of An Empty Place at the Table, an exhibit organized by the Women's Resource Center.
The event at the Century Club on Jefferson Avenue was part of Scranton's First Friday art walk. Several downtown venues participated in this month's walk. Among the more creative exhibits: a fundraiser held by Electric City Bakehouse, 314 Penn Ave. The bakery hosted Scranton firefighter Kyle Savage, who gave out kisses to raise money for donations to Operation Warm, which provides coats for local kids in need.
The Women's Resource Center exhibit raised awareness of domestic violence and to memorialize and remember its victims. It's the first time the display has been featured as part of First Friday, because February is Teen Dating Violence Awareness Month, Women's Resource Center Executive Director Peg Ruddy said.
Each place at the table had a setting featuring items such as plates and cups, plus photos of the people they represent and their personal belongings.
Brown's spot included a glass with the logo of the rock band Aerosmith etched on it, a miniature version of Dale Earnhardt's stock car and a framed photo of Brown grinning as she straddled a motorcycle. She once met the rock band's frontman, Steven Tyler, was a fan of the Intimidator and loved Harley-Davidsons, her daughter, Lacey Roxby, said at the event Friday. Her mother always wore a smile, loved life and had a penchant for helping others, she said.
“I feel closest to my mom here,” Roxby said. “These are her things.”
Brown, 47, died of stab wounds suffered at the hands of her boyfriend in July 1999. Her setting has been part of the display for years. Roxby wanted to participate in the exhibit in hopes that someone might learn from her mother's story, to keep her legacy going and because the exhibit teaches a powerful lesson about domestic violence.
“This is reality,” Roxby said. “This is what is happening in our community every minute, every second, every day.”
Victims included 25 people from Lackawanna County and three from Susquehanna County, Ruddy said.
Sadly, the exhibit has grown over the years. The display represents women and children ranging in age from 6 months to 53 years old. Some fled to other states only to be followed and murdered by their abusers. One, an immigrant, lived in the United States only a few days before being killed.
“It can really happen to any of us,” Ruddy said. “We want to honor these individuals for how they lived.”
If anyone deals with domestic violence needs help, they can call the Women's Resource Center's 24-hour confidential and free hotline at 570-346-4671. To learn more about the center or make a donation to the organization, visit wrcnepa.org.
Contact the writer:
cover@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 x5363; @ClaytonOver on Twitter
After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises
U.S. employers added 200,000 jobs to payrolls in January, a big improvement from December. The Labor Department report, released Friday morning, showed unemployment unchanged at 4.1%. But there was one surprise: African-American unemployment shot up after hitting a record low in December.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
And now to the economy, stocks took a sharp dive on Wall Street today. We'll hear about that in a few minutes. Despite that market drop, there was some good news for workers today. The U.S. economy continued to add jobs at a healthy clip in January and, on top of that, provided the strongest wage gains in years. NPR's John Ydstie has more.
JOHN YDSTIE, BYLINE: Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust, says today's employment report shows the U.S. economy continues to have a lot of energy. After all, businesses added 200,000 jobs to their payrolls in January.
CARL TANNENBAUM: And in addition, we saw the strongest rate of wage increase since 2009.
YDSTIE: Wages rose 2.9 percent over the past year. And Tannenbaum says higher wage growth will support more economic activity.
TANNENBAUM: The increases in income that we're seeing will be a boost to consumption going forward.
YDSTIE: The White House suggested the big corporate tax cut might have contributed to the wage gain, but Tannenbaum says it's probably too early to see the tax cut's effects. Economist Heidi Schierholz says some credit should go to minimum wage hikes in 18 states and 20 cities in January.
HEIDI SCHIERHOLZ: So by our estimates, more than 4.5 million workers at the low end of the labor market got a raise.
YDSTIE: There was one disappointing number in today's report - a sharp rise in the unemployment rate for African-Americans. It rose nearly a full percentage point after reaching a historic low in December. But Schierholz, the former chief economist at the Labor Department, is skeptical.
SCHIERHOLZ: I don't actually think the labor market deteriorated for black Americans in January.
YDSTIE: She says that number is volatile because of a small sample size. Better to look at a three-month average, she says, which would put black unemployment at 7.2 percent.
SCHIERHOLZ: That compares to 4.1 percent unemployment overall. So we still have very disparate outcomes by race in the labor market.
YDSTIE: But the tighter the labor market gets, the more progress that can be made on that front. John Ydstie, NPR News, Washington.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
It is a matter of deep concern that the political parties and their leaders including parliamentarians keep mixing politics and economy with each other in unthinking manner and this is not something which can be appreciated and commended in any manner. It is high time that politics and economy are separated from each other and economic matters and issues not politicized in any manner as this hampers the process of economic growth and development. The economic policies should be continuous and consensual in the larger interest of the nation.
After presenting the federal budget for financial year 2017-18, Federal Finance Minister Senator Muhammad Ishaq Dar had made a quite appreciable and frank offer to the opposition parties to sit with the government and chart out through mutual deliberations in a conducive atmosphere, economic plan and budget priorities for next five years period.
The offer was made with quite good intention as there is dire need for keeping politics and economic apart from each other and accordingly economic planning of the country should be done over and above politics by everyone. But somehow even during discussing and criticizing the federal budget from their narrow-minded point of view, opposition parties have not responded to this offer in any manner. As a matter of fact, the political parties should have responded to this offer of the government in a positive manner as this is within the legal and constitutional framework.
There is no time limit for responding to the government offer in this regard. Opposition parties should ponder it keeping their vested political, regional and party interests aside respond in a positive manner for determination of much desired priorities of the economic planning and the budget. This is in the national interest as good, positive and uninterrupted economic planning augurs well for the welfare and wellbeing of the people irrespective of which political party is in the power.
AAMER A NAJMEE
Lahore
Related
NRS Pivot Drysuit; $989 (nrs.com)
Last fall, NRS released the Pivot Drysuit. Though it shares many similarities with its cousin, the Crux, the major change is that, on the Pivot, NRS has placed the zipper on the back across the shoulders. Now, the primary advantage to this system is that less water will enter your boat through the double tunnel than with a front-zip suit.
I paddled exclusively with the Pivot this spring and summer in Colorado and in China, to test out its comfort, durability, and functionality.
Zipper
The plastic TiZIP zipper is flexible and comfortable across my shoulders. It's substantially less noticeable while paddling than the same zipper is when placed across the front of the suit on the Crux. In fact, it doesn't inhibit my movement or range of motion at all.
I was excited to discover that I can unzip the suit by myself, which I was nervous about, especially because I would be traveling with the suit in Western China. There's nothing worse than contracting nasty stomach bacteria in the developing world and not being able to unzip your suit before… well, you know. The rubber-covered zipper pull on the pivot is easy to grab, and makes it restively easy to zip and unzip the suit. But if you really value easy entry and exit, or if you have shoulder problems, consider a front zip suit instead.
Fit and Comfort
I am 5-foot-10 and 165 pounds. I wear a large suit, but could easily size down to the medium. While the large has a generous amount of space for a person of my size, I am impressed that the excess material does not bunch up or feel cumbersome. NRS really nailed the fit with both the Crux and the Pivot and, although I will give the nod to the Sweet Protection and Kokatat suits for long-term durability, this is one area where NRS more than holds their own.
The Eclipse material that NRS uses in lieu of GORE-Tex is lightweight and flexible, which ensures that the suit does not inhibit range of motion.
Dryness and Durability
Of course, one of the most important questions when it comes to dry suits is … does it keep you dry? The answer, no matter which suit you are talking about, is nearly always that, while it will keep you dry at first, it will become less effective over time. Depending on the suit, that period of blissful dryness might be a multiple year, a full season, or only a couple of weeks.
I have used the Pivot for 21 days so far on park-and-play, day trips, and multi-day expeditions, and it is still keeping me bone dry. Given my experience with its cousin, the Crux (I've had three of them), I expect reasonably well-cared-for NRS suits to keep me very dry for 50 days, and reasonable dry for another 50. After 100 days, their effectiveness tends to decrease. In my case, that's 100-days of Class V boating, portaging, hiking, and expedition paddling.
While that might seem short to those of you who are die-hard year-round paddlers, that's a lot of life for someone who uses a drysuit 10-20 days a year.
I have not experienced problems with the TiZIP zipper, which has performed admirably to the end of each suit's life.
Other Features
NRS swapped Velcro cuffs for neoprene cuffs on the Pivot's wrists and neck. I view this as an upgrade. Whereas Velcro cuffs tend to come undone and become an annoyance in rough waters or hole rides, neoprene cuffs stay in place and are, overall, more reliable and durable.
The Pivot comes with a front relief zipper and drysocks, features that you would expect on any suit with a price tag approaching $1000.
Bottom Line
The Pivot is a welcome addition to the NRS lineup. It's a well-designed and solidly built suit that is comfortable to paddle in, and the back zipper will appeal to paddlers who put a premium on range of motion and keeping water out of their boat. I find it to be extraordinarily comfortable.
The Pivot more than holds its own against similarly priced suits like the IR 7-Figure. While it is not as durable as the Kokatat Icon, it is also nearly $200 cheaper. If you aren't planning to use your suit 100+ days a year, then that's probably be a fair trade.
More on C&K:
— Field Tested: NRS Crux Drysuit
— Field Tested: Kokatat's Idol Drysuit with Switch Zip technology
— Three women's drysuits put to the test
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thug who repeatedly kicked a grandmother-of-16 in the face during a violent street robbery for £120 has been jailed.
Jean Smith, 63, was praised by police for her bravery after being attacked by Grant Shipley in an alleyway just yards from her home in Hull.
After pushing her to the floor, Shipley kicked her twice in the face, breaking her cheekbone, before running off with her handbag, which contained £120, the Hull Daily Mail reports.
Speaking after he was jailed for ten years and three months at Hull Crown Court, Mrs Smith said: "He's a nasty piece of work and I'm glad he's off the streets.
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
"I'd want him never to come out but at least he's going to be off the streets for at least seven years."
The grandmother-of-16, of Littleham Close, added: "These people have no idea what the impact they do can have on someone's life.
"They think they can just come up to you, take your money and punch and kick you.
"I work hard for a living and I had just picked up my wages."
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
Following the vicious attack, Mrs Smith, a grandmother-of-16, said she was scared to leave her home of 45 years.
"I'm always looking over my shoulder now," she said.
"Before I was made redundant I worked in town doing clothing alterations, and we had all sorts of people coming in.
"But I'm not sure I'd be able to go back there now."
Shortly after the attack on January 5, Mrs Smith told the paper how she tried to fight off the 25-year-old attacker.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Route grandmother took before attack by 'despicable' Shipley Share this video Watch Next
"He kept shouting, 'Give me your f****** bag' and I kept shouting 'You're not having it'," she said.
"He kicked me in the face and kept shouting at me to give him my bag but I kept saying no and he kicked me in the face again.
"That's when I felt the blood running into my eyes and I let go. I couldn't see anything."
Shipley attacked and robbed Mrs Smith as she walked home from work after stopping to get a Chinese take-away.
Shipley, who was waiting in the tenfoot to buy drugs, said to the woman as she passed: "Cold night, isn't it, love?"
"Yes it is," she replied.
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
He then pulled his hood up and attacked from behind. She suffered two black eyes, a bruised arm and knuckles, and an injury to her nose.
Four days later, Shipley attacked and robbed his 71-year-old grandfather in his home.
After stealing £20 from the pensioner, Shipley got down on his knees, held out his hands "as if he was praying", and said: "I'm sorry grandad. It's not me, it's the drugs.
"I don't know what I'm doing."
Jeremy Evans, prosecuting, told Hull Crown Court the attack on January 9 was the second time Shipley had robbed his grandfather in the home they shared in Bransholme.
Mr Evans said: "As he was going through the rear door, this defendant suddenly grabbed around his neck, squeezing him tightly so that he was struggling to breathe.
"He put his grandfather on the floor, put his knee on his back, saying, 'Don't move, don't move. Stay where you are'."
Madonna has lost her legal bid to keep a 23-year-old breakup letter from the late Tupac Shakur off the auction block.
In the letter, the 24-year-old rapper wrote to Madonna, then 37, that a continued interracial relationship would negatively impact his image.
"For you to be seen with a Black man wouldn't in any way jeopardize your career - if anything it would make you seem that much more open and exciting," Shakur wrote in 1995. "But for me, at least in my previous perception, I felt due to my 'image,' I would be letting down half of the people who made me what I thought I was. I never meant to hurt you."
Shakur was shot to the death the following year.
Bidding on the letter reached $100,000 in July 2017 before Madonna filed an emergency court order over Gotta Have Rock and Roll's auction and 22 contested items, which came from the collection of Madonna's former personal assistant, Darlene Lutz.
In Justice Gerald Lebovitz's decision this week, he wrote that Madonna forfeited her rights to the items as part of a termination agreement between the singer and the personal assistant, The New York Daily News reported.
"(Madonna) knew that throughout her relationship with Lutz, Lutz was in possession of various pieces of (Madonna's) personal property," the judge ruled. "Yet before this action began, the plaintiff did not make any demand to return her possessions."
The singer had said she did not realize the items were no longer in her possession until she saw press coverage of the auction. She had described some of the items as "highly confidential and embarrassing."
"The fact that I have attained celebrity status as a result of success in my career does not obviate my right to maintain my privacy, including with regard to highly personal items," Madonna had told the court.
How The Job Of The U.S. President Has Changed Over Decades NPR's Ari Shapiro talks with contributing editor to The Atlantic, John Dickerson, about his new piece "The Hardest Job in the World," that looks at the job of the country's president.
MONTREAL — To understand the counterintuitive political calculus behind Justin Trudeau's controversial decision to buy the Trans Mountain pipeline, one has to go back to the fundamental equation that has governed this prime minister's energy and climate change policies since his days in opposition. That Trudeau had no choice but to take over the pipeline if he wanted to ensure that the plan for its expansion did not die on the drawing board is not in question. By the time Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the federal decision Tuesday, Kinder Morgan — the pipeline's parent company — was about to pull the plug on the project.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau during a demonstration against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver on Tuesday. The project was always meant to be the central plank of the federal contention that it is possible to balance Canada's energy ambitions with a more aggressive approach to mitigating climate change, Chantal Hébert writes. ( DARRYL DYCK / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
But the real question is why would the Liberal government be willing to put an open-ended amount of political and financial capital on the line to keep it alive. If one connects the dots between most major policies that past governments have deemed to be in the national interest, one almost always finds they conveniently intersected with a ruling party's election prospects. Stephen Harper's decision to bail out the auto industry in 2009 was not unrelated to the fact that his path to a coveted majority government ran through Ontario. His conversion to deficit financing at the time of the global economic crisis was a deathbed one, at least in part dictated by the need to survive confidence votes in the House of Commons.
Article Continued Below
But by that measure, Trudeau's Trans Mountain move is an outlier. The electoral math does not add up. On the face of it, the prime minister has at best shored up half a dozen Liberal seats in the Prairies at the cost of potentially putting in play at least triple that number across the country. Along the way, Trudeau has put himself on a collision course with many Indigenous constituencies, and he has destroyed his international reputation as a climate change crusader. Given the stakes, the prime minister's pipeline gamble has even been compared to Brian Mulroney's decision to roll the dice in his relentless quest for constitutional reconciliation with Quebec in the early 1990s. But Mulroney had a compelling incentive to stick with the constitutional file to the bitter end. After the Meech Lake accord failed, he could not have let it go without risking his governing majority as the result of defections to the nascent Bloc Québécois and without fuelling support for Quebec secession. There is an economic case to be made for ensuring the Trans Mountain pipeline is completed. Of the projects designed to link the Alberta oilfields to tidewater that were on the drawing board when Trudeau became prime minister, it is the only one that is still actively pursued. Until the last B.C. election, it was also considered the most likely to get to completion.
Bill Morneau laid out Tuesday the federal government's plan to buy Trans Mountain and Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets for $4.5 billion. The finance minister says the move will “ensure” the oilsands pipeline expansion gets built. (The Canadian Press)
But the Trans Mountain expansion has also become as politically indispensable to Trudeau's agenda — at least in the mind of its Liberal overseers — as it may be to Canada's oil industry. It was always meant to be the poster project for the federal contention that it is possible to balance Canada's energy ambitions with a more aggressive approach to mitigating climate change.
Article Continued Below
Since Trudeau came to power, the emphasis has been the part of the equation that involves putting a price on carbon pollution as a necessary step to earn a social license for a pipeline projects such as Trans Mountain. But the Liberal government believes the flipside of the equation — that a social license for a carbon tax cannot be sustained if it is earned on the back of Alberta's energy industry — to be just as essential. Allowing the Trans Mountain expansion to die this week would have cost Trudeau the support of Alberta's NDP government for his national climate change framework. Back in March, Premier Rachel Notley tied meeting Ottawa's carbon tax targets to the future of the project. Looking to next year's federal election, the demise of the Trans Mountain expansion would have meant giving opponents of Trudeau's carbon pricing strategy — starting with the federal Conservatives — a prime exhibit in their prosecution of the havoc they argue his policy will wreak on the economy. As so it is that while Trudeau is widely portrayed as having picked the polluters' side in the climate change debate, the Liberals will argue that they have done what they needed to do to continue to advance a pro-environment agenda. Only time will tell whether this government has trapped itself in an intricate web of twisted logic. If so, as of this week's Trans Mountain announcement Trudeau is unlikely to untangle himself from that web in time for next year's election. Chantal Hébert is a columnist based in Ottawa covering politics. Follow her on Twitter: @ChantalHbert
Read more about:
IN recent past, India has been seen resorting to incessant ceasefire violations both on the Line of Control and the Working Boundary. Apart from heavy mortar shelling, Indian troops are deliberately targeting civilians with small arms while they conduct daily chores in vulnerable areas along the LoC. As of May 15, the death toll for 2018 had already reached 21, including 15 males and six females. Another 119 persons have been injured.
In this backdrop, a special hotline contact was established on Tuesday between the Directors General of Military Operations (DGMO) of Pakistan and India in a bid to defusing the volatile situation along the WB and the LoC. According to the statement released by the ISPR, the senior officials agreed to fully implement the ceasefire understanding of 2003 in letter and in spirit forthwith ensuring that both sides will not violate the ceasefire. Indeed the current tension on the borders serve no purpose but will only contribute to further deteriorate the bilateral relations between the two neighbouring countries which are already at the lowest ebb since the installation of Modi as PM in New Delhi. While exercising maximum restraint, both the sides need to utilise the existing mechanisms such as hotline contacts and border flag meetings at the local commanders' level in order to ensure implementation of the ceasefire agreement. At the same time the situation in the occupied Kashmir is also something that cannot be overlooked. In fact deaths of innocent people have become a routine affair in the held valley. At its meeting on Tuesday, the National Security Committee condemned the reign of terror unleashed by Indian forces on innocent Kashmiris but we understand that the country needs to pursue much more proactive diplomacy in order to highlight the plight of Kashmiri people. It is also responsibility of important capitals to rise above their political and economic expediency and pressurise India to stop current bloodshed in the Valley, pushing it to engage with both Pakistan and Kashmiri leadership to find a permanent solution of the decades long dispute which is imperative for overall regional peace and security. Leaving Kashmir dispute unresolved could have far more serious consequences for the region and its people.
Related
Encinitas author Diáne Mandle's book, "Ancient Sounds for a New Age: An Introduction to Instruments," recently won the 2018 International Book Award in the Health: Alternative Medicine category.
The book has also been named a finalist for the 2018 New Generation Indi Award.
"Ancient Sounds for a New Age" is an introduction to and overview of sound healing with Himalayan instruments. It offers a clear idea of what is needed to learn and practice for anyone who decides to enter the field of sound healing, and serves as an instructional tool to that end. Mandle has combined techniques from other fields that have proven very effective for her clients and describes these in the book. As an extra bonus, exclusive access to a digital one-hour instructional video is included to demonstrate Mandle's methods as a practitioner.
The book is organized in five parts. The first, Part I: Fundamentals of Sound Healing, offers an orientation to the work.
Part II: The Sacred Sound Family, teaches about the sound healing instruments—the tingshas, the ganta and dorje, and the Himalayan bowls—and the author takes you through some basic configurations for working with multiple instruments.
Part III: Sound Healing and the Chakras, offers a breakdown of techniques and principles for working with the body's main energy centers, the chakras.
Part IV: Working with Challenging Emotions, offers brief orientations to working with anxiety and depression, dedicating one chapter to each. The last main section of the book, Part V: Enhancing Your Practice, concerns ways to include other modalities in a sound healing session, and the author shares some that have worked well in her own practice. Mandle explores colors and toning, power language, and visualization, reminding the reader, “In learning to practice sound healing, we are aspiring to become more than technicians who can play the instruments—we are developing into healers.”
Additionally, several appendices include: thumbnail profiles of some sound healing pioneers, an interesting case study, some client testimonials, and further resources, including information about Mandle's school and some of the classes and products offered.
For more information, visit www.soundenergyhealing.com and www.tibetanbowlschool.com.
The president of IMANI Ghana, Franklin Cudjoe, has said that it's sad that the NPP government which criticised the number of employees at the then Flagstaff House when they were in opposition are strongly defending the staggering 998 staff at the Jubilee House.
His response comes after a report released showed that the Presidency had 998 staffs for the period January 7, 2017, to December 31, 2017.
The breakdown was as follows 9 Ministers of State, 27 presidential staffers, 256 Junior Political Appointees and 706 civil and public servants.
READ ALSO: Samira Bawumia, Dep Education Minister dance to Funny Face's ‘Cow and Chicken'
This number is some 220 staff more than the 778 employees presented to parliament by the erstwhile John Mahama administration in 2013.
This angered many Ghanaians who called out the Nana Addo administration for their deceit and hypocrisy.
Gabby Asare Otchere Darko, a senior member of the New Patriotic Party and a former Executive Director of policy think tank Danquah Institute (DI) justified the 998 figure, saying that President Akufo-Addo prioritises results over a lean government.
“Akufo-Addo has never put lean government before a government that delivers. I recall in 2006, we were working on a speech and when I mentioned ‘lean government', he told me to point blankly that our situation in Ghana calls more for a well-resourced government machinery that can deliver,” he wrote on his Facebook Wall.
READ ALSO: 998 Presidential staffers justified - Professor Adei
However, President of IMANI Africa Franklin Cudjoe said this position was hypocritical and sad.
“I think the conversation has to be about whether we have efficient denominator to go on with,” he said on Accra-based Starr FM.
“The sad thing though,” he bemoaned, “is that, the same persons who a while back were chastising previous governments for running a bloated bureaucracy are today defending the same bloated number by suggesting he [President Akufo-Addo] didn't promise a lean government.”
“…That's where my disappointed really lies, realizing that we have been double speaking and I don't think it is fair. So anyhow you look at it my worry and disappointment is in the fact that they haven't paid fidelity to the fact and it is of course worrying,” he added.
BEIJING (AP) — Leaders of 28 countries are set to attend a Chinese summit next month showcasing President Xi Jinping's signature foreign policy plan, but few will hail from major Western countries.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Tuesday that Vladimir Putin of Russia, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey and Spain's Mariano Rajoy are among those slated to appear next month in Beijing for a summit to discuss Xi's “One Belt, One Road” infrastructure investment program to stitch together the Eurasian continent.
Wang said leaders from France and Germany will not attend due to their domestic election schedules, not because they snubbed China.
China has sought to frame Xi's vision for the China-led development program as an inclusive project rather than a statement of geopolitical ambitions that should concern the West.
Man Charged After Striking Public Safety Workers With Car, Leading Police On Chase
December 11, 2017
A man found passed out in his vehicle is facing several charges after fleeing, injuring public safety officials and leading police on a chase.
25-year-old Brian Cremeans of Leslie has been arraigned in connection with the incident. It happened shortly after 2am Saturday when members from the Fowlerville Fire Department and Livingston County EMS were dispatched to the Mobil Gas Station on Fowlerville Road in Handy Township for a subject passed out in his vehicle.
Authorities say Cremeans was unresponsive in a 1999 Pontiac Grand Am and when he awoke, he put his vehicle in reverse and accelerated, striking a member of the Fowlerville Fire Department as well as a Livingston County EMS worker. Both sustained minor injuries. The vehicle also struck an ice cooler, a Fowlerville fire truck and a Livingston County EMS ambulance before Cremeans fled on Fowlerville Road into the Village, where Fowlerville Police located his vehicle and attempted to initiate a traffic stop but Cremeans continued to flee east on Grand River.
Deputies from the Livingston County Sheriff's Office pursued the vehicle and stop sticks were successfully deployed by a deputy near Grand River and Burkhart Road, deflating the driver's side front and rear tires. The Sheriff's office says deputies were eventually able to get the vehicle stopped at Highland Road and Cremeans resisted verbal commands, prompting deployment of a taser to take him into custody. He was transported to a local hospital for treatment of minor injuries.
Livingston County Undersheriff Jeff Warder tells WHMI they do not feel any of those injuries were sustained during the incident, adding Cremeans made statements that he was possibly involved in an altercation prior to the Sheriff's Office having contact with him. He remains lodged in the Livingston County Jail on a $50,000 bond and is facing multiple charges including operating while intoxicated, felonious assault with a motor vehicle, malicious destruction of property, fleeing and eluding and resisting/obstructing police.
Warder says they're very proud of the deputies and the way they responded, noting their actions made sure everyone was safe including the individual involved in the incident so they're happy with the resolution. (JM)
End of play for Toys “R” Us in U.S. as chain closes last stores, June 29
When reporting on the U.S. closure, I encourage media to include the message that Toys “R” Us Canada is open for business.
I would like Toronto Star readers to know that Toys “R” Us Canada is now 100 per cent Canadian-owned and employs more than 4,000 Canadians!
I would like to thank our customers for their loyalty. Their support enabled the Canadian business to continue its strong performance and we look forward to serving our customers in innovative and exciting ways in our over 80 stores and online.
Melanie Teed-Murch, President Toys “R” Us and Babies “R” Us Canada
Protection For The Steel Industry Is As Old As America
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hulton Archive/Getty Images Hulton Archive/Getty Images
President Trump's tariffs on imported steel aren't the first time the industry has gotten protection from the U.S. government. Not by a long shot. In fact, tariff protection for the industry — which politicians often say is a vital national interest — goes back to the very beginning of the republic.
In his book, Clashing Over Commerce: A History of U.S. Trade Policy, Dartmouth professor Douglas Irwin writes that protection for the metal producers began in the 1790s.
Iron forges, the forerunners of the modern steel industry, were sprouting in Pennsylvania. Tariffs, or taxes, on imported horseshoes, nails and rifle barrels protected the fledgling industry from foreign competition.
A century later, politicians were still making a name for themselves shielding the industry.
"There was a guy called William 'Pig Iron' Kelley," Irwin says. The Pennsylvania representative was a champion of iron and steel interests "and always was pushing for higher tariffs in the late 19th century after the Civil War," the author says.
Tariffs and other protections for domestic producers have waxed and waned, but World War II made them nearly disappear. The war decimated steel production in Europe and Japan. But U.S. steelmakers thrived, so after the war there was no need for protection.
But the industry faltered in the 1970s. U.S. steel companies failed to invest in modern equipment, while foreign competitors rebuilt with the latest technology. The U.S. lost its technological lead and lower-cost imported steel captured nearly a quarter of the domestic market.
Outdated U.S. plants were shuttered and more than 100,000 steelworkers lost their jobs, devastating their communities.
Irwin says politicians felt their pain. "Just about every president has renewed or extended those special import quotas or voluntary export restraints or various extra, above and beyond the tariff, [ways] of protecting the domestic industry," he says.
In the 1980s, the industry was disrupted by mini-mills; high-tech plants that melt down scrap metal to make steel — but with far fewer workers.
Then in the early 1990s, Irwin says, the first President Bush began to try to phase out protections and the Clinton administration followed suit. After the Asian financial crisis in the late 1990s, steel imports surged.
But the Clinton administration said no to the industry's pleas for protection. Irwin says the administration told the industry: "Those times have passed. You've gotten many years of adjustment assistance and so we're not going to help you."
But in the 2000 election, George W. Bush's campaign went to West Virginia and promised help to steelworkers, and his administration re-instituted special tariffs to help the industry. Irwin says politicians are motivated to protect steel because, historically, it's been concentrated in politically important states like Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia.
"The reason why the steel industry gets protected is not because it's saving jobs, because ultimately it's not," Irwin says. "It's really saving a very politically powerful industry that history has shown has been very much able to get politicians to act on their behalf."
Irwin says, historically, the steelworkers union also held sway over politicians.
But he says there's another factor at play: the aura of steel as an indispensable industry. That's a sentiment President Trump voiced as he authorized the new tariffs. "Absolutely vital," the president said. "Steel is steel. You don't have steel, you don't have a country."
A lot of countries think that way. That's why steel gets protected worldwide. And that's why the new U.S. tariffs are justified, says Roger Newport, the CEO of Ohio-based AK Steel.
"This is not protection," Newport says. "This is ensuring that there's a level playing field. We've been in a trade war with China and other countries for a long time and we've been losing it."
Newport says his company will continue to invest in technology to compete better globally. But, Irwin says that means jobs will likely disappear.
"One thing about competition and technological change," Irwin says, "it's always forcing firms to become more efficient."
He says the steel industry has responded "and as a result, the number of worker hours it takes to produce a ton of steel has really plummeted in the United States."
In 1980, it took 10 worker hours to produce a ton of steel. Today, Irwin says, it takes only two hours and employment in steelmaking has declined by 80 percent from its peak six decades ago. The Trump tariffs won't reverse that trend, he says.
Ex-Kaduna governor Balarabe Musa says the President Muhammadu Buhari administration has nothing but hardship to offer Nigerians. The National Chairman of the Peoples Redemption Party spoke at the 54th National Executive Committee of the party in Kaduna on Monday.
He said the party rode to power on lies and empty promises. According to him, the APC, since taking over power, had not done anything but increased hardship in the country. Musa said the economy had become comatose under the present government. He stated that unemployment has assumed critical proportions.
“As you are all aware, our nation today remains in a very sorry state despite all the lofty promises and flowery speeches made by the ruling government of All Progressive Congress, APC, at the inception of the administration in 2015,” he said.
“The economy remains comatose, and in some sectors, particularly in industry and commerce, it is even getting worse. Monetary and fiscal management has continued to lack coherence and consistency, or even predictability and strategic planning.
“Unemployment, particularly among the youths, who constitute the bulk of our population, has assumed critical proportions and is now, for all practical purposes, a national emergency.”
Continuing, he sad, “this APC administration, which rode to power on the back of false promises to this generation of hapless young men and women, seems to have no answers to this ticking time bomb beyond slogans such as N-Power.
Rawalpindi
About 1,800,000 saplings would be planted in Rawalpindi during current spring tree plantation campaign 2017.
All-out efforts are being made to plant maximum saplings with the help and cooperation of civil society, defence and health deptt as well as educational institutions during the campaign said a Forest official while talking to APP.
He informed efforts were being made to achieve the set target. A comprehensive plan of massive tree plantation has been evolved to bring maximum area under forest cover which was a basic requirement to overcome environmental degradation, he added.—APP
Paris
The French economy notched up its fastest growth in 10 years in 2017, expanding by 1.9 percent, the national statistics institute INSEE calculated on Tuesday. The figure, in line with forecasts by both INSEE and the Bank of France, represented a marked pick-up from 2016, when gross domestic product grew by 1.1 percent.
The economy performed particularly strongly in the fourth quarter of last year when GDP expanded by 0.6 percent, the statisticians calculated. The government had been pencilling in growth of 1.7 percent for last year. But Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire recently hinted that the performance could be better, saying that “growth is solid. It may be close to 2.0 percent in 2017.”
The acceleration in economic activity was driven largely by increased investment, which was up 3.7 percent last year, INSEE said.
Consumer spending increased by 1.3 percent, even if consumption growth slowed in the fourth quarter.—APP
UMBC's K.J. Maura (11) celebrates after a basket against Virginia during the first half of a first-round game in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Charlotte, N.C., Friday, March 16, 2018. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome)
UMBC's K.J. Maura (11) celebrates after a basket against Virginia during the first half of a first-round game in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Charlotte, N.C., Friday, March 16, 2018. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome)
They're now at the top of the Bark Bracket.
Very good dog, you Retrievers!
In a sport full of Bulldogs, Huskies and Terriers, a new breed is suddenly ruling the NCAA basketball tournament - and beyond.
All thanks to those underdogs at UMBC.
"How 'bout those Retrievers?" dog expert David Frei raved. "This is their moment."
'Bout time, too.
Always in the doghouse at America's most prestigious pooch pageant, no retriever has ever won best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club, a competition that began in 1877.
Not a single Chesapeake Bay retriever, the state dog of Maryland and the mascot for the 16th-seeded University of Maryland-Baltimore County team that toppled mighty Virginia on Friday night.
Not a friendly Labrador retriever, the most popular dog in the United States for more than 25 years, according to the American Kennel Club. Nor a sweet golden, another favorite family pet.
And zero wins for the flat-coated, curly-coated or Nova Scotia duck tolling varieties.
"No, it's not fair," JoAnn Colvin lamented.
Colvin, an owner and breeder of fine Chesapeake Bay retrievers for over three decades, lives in upstate New York and has attended Syracuse basketball games.
Colvin also owns the dog that was judged last month as the best Chessie at Westminster and showed at Madison Square Garden.
Her name? Fittingly, in the glow of UMBC's win, it's Hope.
"We, of course, were certainly pleased to hear about what happened," Colvin said.
And Retriever Fever was catching, with hoop fans and dog fanciers alike posting pictures of lovable retrievers on social media as UMBC prepared to play Kansas State on Sunday night.
Known for their webbed feet, and an oily, wavy coat that helps make them extremely agile in the water, Chesapeake Bays "are probably the most intense of the retrievers," Frei said.
"You can tell a golden. You can order a Labrador. But you have to negotiate with a Chessie," he said.
The breed is considered strong, well-balanced and intelligent, and eager to work. Their colors range from a combination of dark brown to a strawberry blonde to yellow - "sedge" and "deadgrass" are the official shades.
Overall, Chesapeake Bay retrievers have recently ranked among the 45 most popular purebred breeds in the country.
Frei, formerly the longtime TV voice of Westminster, host of the National Dog Show on Thanksgiving and currently prepping for the Beverly Hills Dog Show telecast April 1 on the USA Network, said there's no specific reason why Chessies haven't become top dogs in the ring.
"They fall into that retriever mentality," he said. "They're more concerned about the people around them than the judge."
UMBC's first class in 1966 picked the Chesapeake Bay retriever as the school mascot. A 500-pound bronze statue of a Chessie named True Grit is on campus, and students like to rub his nose for good luck during finals week.
The Retrievers next take on the ninth-seeded Wildcats in Charlotte, North Carolina. UMBC is a 10-point underdog in one of the most ancient rivalries on the planet - dogs vs. cats.
Then again, remember this: a month ago, the Lunar New Year began.
Yep, Retriever fans, it's the Year of the Dog.
After 11 years at Dior Homme, Kris Van Assche is exiting his role as artistic director and will be succeeded by Kim Jones, effective immediately.
"I am leaving this beautiful house to pursue new challenges," Van Assche said in a statement from the brand. "I wish to thank Bernard Arnault for the trust he placed in me, Sidney Toledano and Serge Brunschwig for their warm welcome at Dior and their continuous support during all those years."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kris Van Assche takes his final bow at Dior Homme. Getty Images
Jones, who departed his role as artistic director of Louis Vuitton menswear two months ago, will present his first collection for Dior Homme in June at Paris Men's Fashion Week.
"I am deeply honored to join the house of Dior, a symbol of the ultimate elegance. I would like to warmly thank Bernard Arnault and Pietro Beccari for their trust in giving me this incredible opportunity. I am committed to create a modern and innovative male silhouette built upon the unique legacy of the house," Jones said in a statement from the brand.
Though it has yet to be revealed what's next for Kris Van Assche, Jones's addition at Dior Homme will certainly be a shakeup for the French menswear brand. Known for his streetwear-inspired collections (which includes Louis Vuitton's recent collaboration with Supreme), Jones will likely usher in a new chapter of Dior Homme.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kim Jones takes his final bow at Louis Vuitton Men's alongside Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell.
Shashank Bengali, Parth M N
Usha Boinavad, a farmworker in western India who underwent a heart operation as a teenager, began suffering from chest pains this month. A doctor advised the 26-year-old to seek heart valve surgery in the nearest major city, 200 miles away. She immediately ran into another problem: cash. The procedure would cost at least $1,500, far more than what she and her husband had in their bank account. But with India in the grip of a severe currency shortage since the government invalidated 86% of the cash in circulation on Nov. 8, the couple couldn't scrape together even $100 for transportation to the hospital.
Banks in their farming region have been slow to receive new bills, dispensing at most $30 to a few customers before closing their doors, leaving masses to walk away empty-handed. Like most rural Indians, the couple did not possess a cheque book or debit card. Boinavad's father decided to sell his two buffaloes, but the buyer asked him to wait a few days because he couldn't find cash either. It didn't come in time. Boinavad's pain worsened for several days until she died at her parents' home Dec. 13 in Nanded, 300 miles east of Mumbai. “If not for demonetisations” — the name for the government's policy — “she would still be with us,” said Boinavad's cousin, Sanjeev Halde.
Few peacetime episodes in India's 70-year history have proved as contentious or chaotic as the currency ban, which has unleashed tragic consequences across this cash-dependent economy and stained Prime Minister Narendra Modi's reputation as a capable administrator. Nearly two months after Modi cancelled the value of the two biggest bills in circulation — worth about $7.50 and $15 — cash remains scarce and scores of people have reportedly died while waiting in line at banks and ATMs. Modi had said the “pain” would end by Friday, but fewer than half of the country's 200,000 cash machines are working and strict limits remain on how much currency can be withdrawn from bank accounts.
The misery has also taken subtler forms: migrant workers unable to send money home to their families, small businesses forced to close, a slowdown in sales of everything from SUVs to spinach. Foreign banks have slashed their 2017 growth forecasts for India, which has been the world's fastest-expanding major economy. Modi's government has struggled to explain why the policy, crafted in near-total secrecy, has been implemented in such a disorganised way.
The central bank — the Reserve Bank of India, whose well-regarded Gov. Raghuram Rajan resigned amid disagreements with Modi's government in June — has found itself becoming a national punchline as it issues rule upon rule on deposits and withdrawal limits, some conflicting with one another. “It is unfathomable why some of the smartest minds and most competent officials were unable to see that the currency transfusion will be a complex, difficult, painful process full of unintended consequences,” said Nitin Pai, co-founder of the Takshashila Institution, an independent policy research organisation.
Experts say there is a powerful feeling of schadenfreude among the general public: a hope that India's highflying, tax-dodging one-percenters will suffer more if the economy is cleaned up. But that could have limits. “If their inconvenience does not diminish faster than their schadenfreude, the mood will turn against Mr. Modi,” Pai said. “It all depends on how quickly the [cash] transfusion can be completed.”
An analysis by IndiaSpend, a news site, suggested that the earliest that government printing presses could replace all $210 billion that was withdrawn from circulation is April 2017 — five months after the policy was introduced. It could take even longer for sufficient quantities of bills to reach the two-thirds of Indians who live in rural areas and remain tethered to cash. Only 2.5 million rural Indians had enrolled in cashless systems in the six weeks after the announcement, according to a government task force assigned to increase the use of electronic payments.
— Courtesy: Los Angeles Times
Dumpster days
Easthampton - Easthampton Congregational Church, dumpster days concludes on, Saturday, June 2 from 9 a.m. to noon in the rear parking lot, 116 Main St. Cost is $25 for cars, $40 all other vehicles. Items not accepted are tires, computers, TVs, large furniture, large appliances, mattresses and hazardous waste. For details, call 413-527-4790.
Jazz worship service
Springfield - The Springfield Chapter of the American Guild of Organists presents a Jazz worship service on Saturday, June 2, 7 p.m. at Trinity United Methodist Church, 361 Sumner Ave. Saxophonist Willie Sordillo will be joined by musicians and clergy from Old South Church, Boston. There is no admission charge, and more information is available by calling Larry Picard at 413-348-3729 or emailing him at lpicard@sococh.org.
Children's Sunday celebration
West Springfield - All are welcome to Mittineague Congregational Church, UCC, on Sunday, June 3 at 10 a.m. for "Children's Sunday." This day celebrates the Ministry of Christian education within the church. the Order of Worship, themes "I've Got the Joy!" will be led by Christian Education Director, Lauri Osip and Sunday school students. The service will offer communion, as well as special scriptures, prayers, and songs, including music by the Children's Hand Bell Choir. A festive Coffee Hour will follow worship in King Fellowship Hall with activities for children and snacks and beverages, for all. And don't forget to head outside for a tasty treat from the Ice Cream truck.
Beginning on Sunday, June 10, through Aug. 12, Mittineague Congregational Church will offer summer Sunday school. Classes will start at 10 a.m. and end at approximately 11 a.m. Children in preschool, through grade 6 are invited to attend and youth in grade 7 and above are welcome to assist. For more information about worship, Sunday school and events at Mittineague Congregational Church, visit their website at mittcong.org, on Facebook or call 413-734-1290. The church is located at 1840 Westfield St., West Springfield.
Giant tag sale
Springfield - Temple Beth El, 979 Dickinson St. will hold a giant tag sale that will be open to the community on Sunday, June 3, 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. There will be a large assortment of clothing for children and adults, toys and games, miscellaneous household items, furniture, electronics, Judaica and more. All proceeds will benefit educational programming for teens at the Sandi Kupperman learning center at Temple Beth El. For more information about the tag sale, contact Marie at 413-737-0170 or sklc@tbespringfield.org.
Interfaith concert
South Deerfield - Mak'hela: The Jewish Chorus of Western Massachusetts will conclude its 15th season with its first-ever concert in the Holy Family Roman Catholic Church of South Deerfield. The "Building Bridges Through Music: An Interfaith Concert," will take place on Sunday, June 3 at 3 p.m. and will celebrate both diversity and shared values. The concert is free and open to the public, although donations are welcome. Refreshments will be served after the concert.
Crop hunger walk
Southwick - Southwick-Granville Crop Hunger walk will take place on Sunday, June 3, registration begins at noon, walk starts at 1 p.m. at Southwick Congregational Church, 488 College Highway. For more information or to get walking packets, call Clayton Cigal, Jr., 413-531-9269, email cletocigal@yahoo.com or Marie Daniels at 413-575-0074, email mariedaniels1029@gmail.com.
Habitat build fund-raising concert
Northampton - An Interfaith group of religious congregations are launching a campaign to build a Habitat house together, with a kick-off concert at First Churches of Northampton, 129 Main St. on Friday, June 8 at 7 p.m. The concert will feature three local choruses, including Valley Rock Voices, On That Note, and the Amherst Area Gospel Choir. About 15 congregations are sponsoring the project, with a goal of raising $30,000 and providing labor to build the house. Pioneer Valley Habitat for Humanity seeks to build three zero-net energy homes on a common driveway off of Glendale Road. Two of them will be built with modular construction techniques through an innovative partnership with the Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (VEIC), the MA Dept. of Energy resources and Vermod, a modular home builder in Wilder, VT. Any religious congregation is invited to join in the sponsorship of this project. For more information contact Rev. Todd Weir at 413-594-9392, or email at pastortodd@firstchurches.org. More information can be obtained at the Pioneer Valley Habitat website at pvhabitat.org.
Chicken and strawberry festival
Wilbraham - Grace Union Church, Mountain Road and Chapel Street will hold a chicken bbq and strawberry festival on Saturday, June 9. There will be inside or outside seating and take-out will be available from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. featuring open pit bbq chicken halves, homemade potato salad and cole slaw plus fresh strawberries with short cake and real homemade whipped cream. Cost is $14 adults, children 12 and under $7. For reservations call 413-596-3936.
Fresh produce project
Hampden - The Federated Community Church, 590 Main St. is launching "Harvest Gifts," a project to provide fresh produce to community shelters, food pantries, senior centers and local shut-ins. The numbers they are able to serve is limited only by the generosity of participants from the church and local community. To volunteer contact them at 413-566-3711 or email hampdenfederated@gmail.com for more information.
Weekly worship service
Chicopee - Trinity Episcopal Church, 27 Streiber Drive welcomes all to their weekly worship service every Sunday at 9 a.m. Join in for a coffee hour with coffee, tea and desserts in a warm and friendly atmosphere following the service.
Clothing donation box
Chicopee - St. Anthony of Padua, 56 St. Anthony St. in the Willimansett section has a donation box from Planet Aid in it's parking lot. Please donate clean, gently used clothes to distribute to those in need living in the community.
Community Bible study
Westfield - Word of Grace Church, 848 North Road will hold a "Community Bible Study," for women and children (ages infant through teens) from many churches. The group will meet on Wednesdays from 10:15 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. This year, the group is studying the Gospel of Matthew. All are welcome. You can just stop by on any Wednesday or for more information, visit PioneerValley.CBSClass.org or call Sandy at 413-737-6370.
Tag sellers wanted
Springfield - Tag sellers wanted. Holy Cross Church, 221 Plumtree Road is having a huge tag sale on Saturday, June 16 from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. in St. Michael's Academy Gym. Rent a table for $30. Tables are limited. Reserve early. Call Gail at 413-626-9652 for further information.
Crafters wanted
East Longmeadow - St. Paul Lutheran Church, 181 Elm St. is looking for crafters for thier fall festival and craft fair to be held on Oct. 20. Call Connie at 413-525-1290 to apply.
Support group
Agawam - Bethany Assembly of God will be holding support groups on Wednesdays. Grief Share: If you have lost someone close to you, or know someone who might benefit from this seminar, let them know and join in for this weekly support group. The group runs through June 6 (13 weeks). You can join anytime during the 13 weeks. There is a one-time registration fee of $15 for materials (scholarships are available).
Divorce Care and Divorce Care for Kids (DC4k) are special weekly seminars and support groups for families who are separated or divorced. These groups also meets weekly every Wednesday in rooms 104 and 105 respectively from 7 to 8:30 p.m. through June 6. Don't worry if you miss the first few weeks as you can jump in at anytime. There is a one-time registration fee of $15 for materials (scholarships are available). Call 413-789-2930 if you have any questions. The church is located at 580 Main St.
Clothing drop off project
Chicopee - Faith United Methodist Church has teamed up with St. Pauly Textile Inc., to collect used clothing. The company works with non-profit organizations, like Faith United Methodist Church to set up used clothing drop off sheds designed to give community members a clean, attractive, and well-monitored place to donate gently used textile items, which are then distributed both here in the U.S. and worldwide to people who need them. The church receives funding for clothing collected, and additionally has the option to use any of this clothing to serve community needs. Accepted items include clothing, shoes, sneakers, belts, purses, blankets, sheets, drapes, linens, pillowcases and stuffed animals. Donors are asked to donate items in a plastic bag to protect against dirt and the elements. There is a small box on the shed that contains receipts to help donors take a tax deduction. The church is located at 191 Montcalm St.
Upcoming and recurring events
Chicopee - Greater Springfield Church of Christ, 284 Montgomery St. presents the upcoming and recurring events. Every week, "Coffee Time" Fellowship, 9:30 a.m.; Sunday Adult Bible studies, 10 a.m.; Sunday Morning Teen and Young Adult classes, 10 a.m.; Tweens (ages 9-12) Sunday School, 10 a.m.; Children's Sunday School, 10 a.m.; Sunday Worship Service, 11 a.m.; Pre-Study Fellowship, 5:30 p.m.,; Wednesday, Bible study, 6 p.m.; First Friday Movie Night, first Friday of every month (call church at 413-592-3050 for more information), admission is free; Read, Pray, Write ministry, Saturdays, 9 a.m., believers uniting to read the Word of God, pray to our Heavenly Father on behalf of his children and write letters of encouragement to others.
Free weekly Veterans lunch
Holyoke - St. Paul's Episcopal and St. Peter's Lutheran Churches, together with Community Roots Neighborhood Services, 485 Appleton St. offer a free hot lunch for Veterans every Thursday, noon to 1:30 p.m. for Veterans and their immediate family (parents or spouse) are invited. Email Gina Nelson at crnsholyoke@gmail.com with any questions.
Church trip
Springfield - Mary Mother of Hope Parish, Page Boulevard is sponsoring the following trip: Wednesday, June 20, "Strawberry Festival," from 11:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., self drive trip to the Summit View Pavilion, Northampton Street in Holyoke. There will be a Garth Brooks impersonator and a picnic lunch under a huge outdoor covered pavilion, bbq luncheon, bbq chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers, corn on the cob, potato salad, bowtie dill macaroni, strawberry shortcake, iced tea and lemonade. Cost is $50 per person. Call Sylvia at 413-594-2757.
The church is sponsoring a trip to Ogunquit, Maine, on Sunday and Monday, July 29 and 30. Spend one night at Meadowmere Hotel, two meals (one breakfast and one lobster bake at Foster's Restaurant, see live performance of "An American in Paris" at the Ogunquit Playhouse, guided tour with a lighthouse visit, motorcoach, baggage handling, meal, taxes, tips and driver's gratuity. Cost is $325 double occupancy, $315 triple and $425 single. For reservations, call Sylvia at 413-594-2757.
Listings should be mailed two weeks in advance to The Republican, 1860 Main St., Springfield, MA 01103; email pmastriano@repub.com
A Saharawi man holds up a Polisario Front flag in the Al-Mahbes area near Moroccan soldiers guarding the wall separating the Polisario controlled Western Sahara from Morocco on February 3, 2017. By STRINGER (AFP/File)
The United States postponed a vote scheduled on Wednesday at the UN Security Council on preparing talks on Western Sahara to allow for more time for negotiations, diplomats said.
A draft resolution presented by the United States last week would press Morocco and the Algerian-backed Polisario Front to set their sights on a return to the negotiating table to seek a settlement to the decades-old conflict.
Diplomats said Russia and Ethiopia had proposed amendments to the text after complaining that it lacked balance, indicating that Morocco's stance was given more prominence.
The US mission told council members on Tuesday that it "needs a bit more time to consider" the proposed changes and planned to circulate a new draft resolution, according to an email message seen by AFP.
The draft resolution is to renew for one year the mandate of the small UN mission monitoring a ceasefire in Western Sahara but it also lays the groundwork for a return to talks.
Morocco maintains that negotiations on a settlement should focus on its proposal for autonomy for Western Sahara and rejects the Polisario's insistence on an independence referendum.
The draft resolution "emphasizes the importance of the parties' commitment to advancing the political process in preparation for a fifth round of negotiations."
A fourth round of UN-brokered negotiations on a Western Sahara settlement was held in 2008.
The draft resolution sets no timetable for re-launching talks, but stressed "the need to make progress toward a realistic, practicable and enduring political solution to the question of Western Sahara."
Morocco and the Polisario fought for control of Western Sahara from 1975 to 1991, when a ceasefire was reached and the UN mission deployed to monitor the truce.
The Saharan Arab Democratic Republic (SADR), declared by the Polisario in 1976, is a full member of the African Union.
The mostly desert territory has rich fishing grounds off its coast and may have untapped offshore oil deposits.
The Copernicus Sentinel-3A satellite takes us over the Antarctic Peninsula and the adjacent Larsen Ice Shelf, from which a massive iceberg broke off in July.
The image has been manipulated, so clouds appear pink while snow and ice are blue to help us differentiate between them. The only land clearly visible is the tip of the Peninsula in the upper left, while sea ice covers the Weddell Sea to the right.
Captured on 25 September, the image shows the iceberg near the centre. The A68 berg had been jostling back and forth against the ice shelf, but more recent satellite imagery revealed that the gap between the berg and the shelf is widening – possibly drifting out to sea.
An iceberg's progress is difficult to predict. It may remain in the area for decades, but if it breaks up, parts may drift north into warmer waters. Since the ice shelf is already floating, this giant iceberg does not influence sea level.
A68 is about twice the size of Luxembourg and with its calving has changed the outline of the Antarctic Peninsula forever – about 10% of the area of the Larsen C Ice Shelf has been removed.
The loss of such a large piece is of interest because ice shelves along the peninsula play an important role in ‘buttressing' glaciers that feed ice seawards, effectively slowing their flow.
Previous events further north on the Larsen A and B shelves, captured by ESA's ERS and Envisat satellites, indicate the flow of glaciers behind can accelerate when a large portion of an ice shelf is lost, contributing to sea-level rise.
This image is featured on the Earth from Space video programme.
Restoration work will continue in the San Elijo Lagoon, as a new phase in the efforts is set to begin this summer.
Doug Gibson, executive director and principal scientist of the San Elijo Lagoon Conservancy, updated the community about restoration efforts at the lagoon in a recent lecture at MiraCosta College in Cardiff on May 25.
In August, the Conservancy is slated to complete the first phase of lagoon restoration, which began last December and has included:
Over-dredge pit and beach sand placement
Starting Central Basin excavation and dredging
Beginning excavation of the East Basin
Adding water control features
Removing vegetation and salvage from the Central Basin
Removing vegetation started in the East Basin
The second phase, which is slated to begin in August and be completed by next February, includes:
Completing channel excavation in the Central and East Basins
Completing channel dredging in the Central Basin
Initiating channel dredging in the East Basin
Initiating planting and irrigation in the Central and East Basins
Removing vegetation from the West Basin
Installing culvert at the south end of the West Basin
Progressing construction surveys
The conservancy is also planning two additional phases to be completed by April 2020 to maximize restoration efforts at the lagoon.
Gibson said the conservancy's goal is to enhance and restore the functions of the lagoon by promoting a diverse range of native intertidal and transitional habitats. The conservancy also wants to help flourish the number of marine life and bird species at the lagoon and maintain recreational and educational opportunities.
During its restoration efforts, the conservancy is also monitoring surf; marine environments; bird nesting and usage; topography; water quality; bacteria levels; beach sand quantities and profiles; and sediment in the water, inlet and ocean.
Gibson said that added infrastructure has changed the way water moves throughout the lagoon. The Conservancy has opened the inlet to help the water flow. During the first 10 years of the inlet being open, there has been better water quality in the lagoon, Gibson said.
"We have about four miles of crisscrossing," he said. "What that's done to the lagoon is sort of change the way water moves throughout it. We've taken some steps from the conservancy in terms of trying to advance the progress of the lagoon by keeping the inlet open predominantly. Because we can't go back to that natural condition ... we need to get water in and out. What we've realized, after we kept the inlet open, we saw dramatic increases in water quality."
However, there hasn't been any further improvement after those initial 10 years, and now there is a high amount of nutrient sediment. Gibson said secondary treated sewage was dumped into two locations the lagoon for 30 years, and the City of Escondido dumped its sewage down the creek. The Conservancy is now working to remove some of that sediment.
"In order to move forward, we knew we had to remove some of our past sins,” he said. "I try to explain it's not contamination or hazardous waste. Really what we're left with is this high nutrient sediment because the inlet wasn't open... and nutrients were binding to the sediment and settling out. That's great for plants but really bad because... that's where we get these really wide swings of oxygen. If we want to improve above our plateau where we're at now, we need to remove some of that high nutrient sediment and get it out of the interaction with the water column."
On April 13, the Conservancy conducted an unscheduled inlet closure due to a natural build up of sand and decreased tidal velocity, likely due to the railroad berm that was being used to build the new rail bridge. Gibson said water quality tests showed dissolved oxygen levels dropped rapidly, and on the third day of the closure, oxygen levels were at zero for extended periods of time. Fish began moving to the surface for air, and Conservancy staff went out and saved hundreds of fish that had been trapped, Gibson said.
The inlet was re-opened five days later, at which point dissolved oxygen levels return to normal after the first tidal flush.
Gibson said the Conservancy is committed to restoring the lagoon and helping it thrive.
"This is what we're here for," he said. "We want to ensure this lagoon is restored, and when it's done we're going to measure it over the next 40 years to ensure that we did what we said we were going to do."
For more information about the San Elijo Lagoon Conservancy and its restoration efforts, visit www.sanelijo.org.
Independence Day in Kashmir
Altaf Hamid Rao.
Muzzafarabad
AJ&K President Sardar Masood Khan, Prime Minister Raja Farooq Haider Khan and Information Minister Raja Mushtaq Minhas have said that people of Jammu & Kashmir are celebrating our 70th Independence Day with a new zeal and vigor today – August 14.
“We are confident that our determination will pave the way for political, economic and social stability in the coming days”, the AJK leaders said in their separate messages of felicitations to the country-fellows on eve of Pakistan Independence Day being celebrated today – August 14 across the country including AJK with traditional great enthusiasm and devotion.
They said our country Pakistan has been confronted with many challenges since the last few years but the nation has boldly faced them through its unshakeable resolve.
Sardar Masood Khan said the people of Jammu and Kashmir mark the Independence Day of Pakistan with Pakistani nation every year with national spirit .
He said government of Pakistan has supported the freedom movement of the kashmiri people morally and politically.
He said Pakistani government has resolutely decided to take action in order to cleanse various regions and cities of terrorism, extremism and lawlessness under which the Armed Forces and other law enforcement agencies are playing effective role as a result of which peace is being restored in the country.
The Prime Minister Raja Farooq Haider Khan has said that Pakistan is the centre of hopes for the Kashmiri people.
People of Jammu and Kashmir linked their destiny with the Pakistan even before the creation of the Pakistan by passing resolution of accession to Pakistan on July 19,1947,he added.
He said government of Pakistan Muslim League N had highlighted the Kashmir Issue on international fora very effectively. He said Pakistan government has also adopted sound policies to improve the economy which has created better business environment leading to increased opportunities for domestic and international investment.
Islamabad General Hospital will be constructed in rural area of Islamabad with more than Rs. 2.5 billion funding from Saudi Arabia. The official sources within the district administration and Ministry of Capital Administration and Development Division (CADD) said that this hospital is being established to cater the needs of health sector in the Capital whose population has crossed two millions.
The sources said that there are five government hospitals functioning in Islamabad including Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) with 1127 beds, Federal Government Services Hospital (Poly Clinic) with 500, Federal General Hospital in Chak Shehzad with 200 beds, Capital Development Authority (CDA) Hospital with 150 beds and National Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine (NIRM) with 120 beds.
They said that work plan has been finalized to improve the exiting health infrastructure of 33 dispensaries in Islamabad while the government is working to improve health facilities as 25-bed dialysis center would be inaugurated at PIMS within 2-3 months as 50-60 nephrology patients are being treated at present.
Meanwhile, a source in Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT) administration said that it has been also proposed to establish four mini-hospitals in the city to reduce the burden on existing hospitals. The formal proposal has been forwarded to Ministry of Interior which will take up the matter with Planning Commission and National Health Services Department for further assistance.
Islamabad Metropolitan Corporation (IMC) will also assist in these projects at Silaha, Rawat, Bara Kahu and Tarnol to reduce load on existing hospitals. He said health centers in rural areas would also be upgraded and compulsory rotation of doctors from big hospital to rural health centres would be ensured to provide better health services to rural areas.—APP
Related
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
President Trump is shaking farm country to its core with his executive order to build a border wall and ramp up immigration enforcement. The federal government estimates about half of the nation's farmworkers are here illegally. Farm groups say it's actually much more in some states. We're going to hear now from one state - New York - where dairy farmers and their employees fear that a crackdown is coming. North Country Public Radio's David Sommerstein reports.
DAVID SOMMERSTEIN, BYLINE: We're about to meet a man who's worked on a huge dairy farm in rural New York state for nine years. We're not using the name of the farm or his name because he fears being deported. Today's his day off, and he's lounging on a couch in a trailer hidden from the road behind the barns in the manure storage pit. His brothers are frying up chicken wings for lunch.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Speaking Spanish).
SOMMERSTEIN: He's 36 with three kids and a wife back home in Guatemala. He says over and over, he doesn't need citizenship, just legal working papers. He can't understand why President Trump has been calling people like him criminals.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Through interpreter) Sure, some people have committed crimes. But the majority of us came here to work - not to steal, not to kill, nothing like that. We came here to scrape together a living.
SOMMERSTEIN: And dairy farmers need people like him as much as he needs the work. The fact is, many milk parlors at dairy farms around the country sound like this.
(SOUNDBITE OF MEXICAN MUSIC)
UNIDENTIFIED SINGER: (Singing in Spanish).
SOMMERSTEIN: Mexican boleros blaring in rhythm to the hiss of milking equipment. See; dairy farmers don't control the price of their milk. The federal government does that. Cornell University's Thomas Maloney says at the minimum wage they can afford to pay, farmers are resigned to hiring foreign workers to do this dirty, physically demanding work.
THOMAS MALONEY: They are convinced most Americans do not want to do the kinds of jobs that they have available on their farms.
SOMMERSTEIN: But here's the thing. There is no legal agricultural visa for the year-round work of dairy farms. Steve Ammerman, spokesman for the New York Farm Bureau, says President Trump and Congress have to change that.
STEVE AMMERMAN: If it's strictly an enforcement-only, build the wall and deport all of our farmworkers, then we're going to have serious problems when it comes to growing food and providing enough food to feed ourselves in this country.
SOMMERSTEIN: Everyone who drinks milk or eats yogurt or cheese should be worried, says Rebecca Fuentes, an advocate with the Workers' Center of Central New York. She says undocumented farmworkers have always been vulnerable to deportation or wage theft or human trafficking. Now Trump's presidency is telling them they're the criminals.
REBECCA FUENTES: And that sends a message. We are saying, we want your labor, but we don't want you here. I mean what is going to happen?
SOMMERSTEIN: Many Trump supporters say the workers here illegally should be deported. As president-elect in December, Trump himself softened his tough talk when it came to agriculture.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: People are going to come through on worker permits to work the fields. We're going to have people - a lot of people are going to come through, but it's going to be done through a legal process.
SOMMERSTEIN: But so far, he's offered no details, leaving farmers and farmworkers to square that President Trump with the one issuing executive orders this week. One of them makes it a priority to deport non-citizens who have defrauded a government agency, and that could include people who have fake working papers like the farmworker we met from Guatemala. For NPR News, I'm David Sommerstein in upstate New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF JOHN FAHEY SONG, "SLIGO RIVER BLUES") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Kendrick Lamar introduced a kung fu alter ego and Lorde dramatized the awkwardness of dance clubs as the stars presented new music Sunday at the Coachella festival. The two artists, whose last albums each brought Grammy glory, played back-to-back sets to close the first weekend of the premier music festival in the desert of southern California. afp-english 4:28:00 PM CEST
England's Prince Harry, the younger son of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana, says he suffered from an emotional shutdown for 20 years after his mother's death, followed by turbulence and eventual healing through therapy.
In an interview with “Bryony Gordon's Mad World,” a podcast by the UK newspaper The Daily Telegraph, Harry, 32, told host Gordon, “I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well.” He added, “I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
His and Prince William's mother Diana died Aug. 31, 1997, in a car crash in Paris at age 36.
“My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help? \[I thought\] it's only going to make you sad, it's not going to bring her back. So from an emotional side,” he said, “I was, like. ‘Right, don't ever let your emotions be part of anything.'”
The grief eventually resulted in “two years . . . of total chaos. . . I just didn't know what was wrong with me.” he said. He took up boxing “and that really saved me because I was on the verge of punching someone, so being able to punch someone who had pads was certainly easier.”
He eventually “started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was, like, ‘There is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with.'” His brother, he said, told him, “Look, you really need to deal with this. It is not normal to think that nothing has affected you.”
He sought counseling, he revealed, saying, “I've done that a couple of times, more than a couple of times, but it's great.” Now, “Because of the process I have been through over the past two and a half years, I've now been able to take my work seriously, been able to take my private life seriously as well, and been able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference and things that I think will make a difference to everybody else.
Stock Market Sees Its Worst Weekly Performance In 2 Years
The stock market took a big dive on Friday amid growing worries about inflation. The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 666 points, or 2.54 percent. The market saw its worst weekly performance in two years.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
It has been a long time since the stock market has seen a day as bad as this one. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 666 points. That is a 2 and a half percent drop. And it caps off a pretty bad week on Wall Street. NPR's Jim Zarroli is going to explain to us what's happening. Hi, Jim.
JIM ZARROLI, BYLINE: Hi, Ari.
SHAPIRO: The story all year has been record highs in the stock market. What's going on?
ZARROLI: Yeah. The stock market has been on a tear. I mean, the Dow is up 25 percent last year. Then it just kept blowing past, you know, 24,000, 25,000, 26,000. President Trump is bragging about how well the stock market has done. And this week, it just seemed like, you know, this giant bucket of cold water was thrown in everybody's face. And that really intensified today. All these big stocks like ExxonMobil, Goldman Sachs, Apple - they were all down. And it wasn't just stocks. It was bonds. It was commodities like oil. It was just - you know, it was your basic bloodbath.
SHAPIRO: And one of the things that makes it so weird is that the day started with pretty good economic news - employers adding jobs, average hourly earnings rising. So can you explain what accounts for the steep drop-off?
ZARROLI: Yeah. I think the jobs report was actually part of the problem today, not that it was bad. I mean, it was actually solid. But the wage gains were a problem. They have a lot of investors wondering, you know, are we going too fast? Are we going to see more inflation? You know, the Fed is already raising interest rates. Does that mean it's going to raise them even faster?
Then you have these big tax cuts taking effect, which means people could be spending more. The government's going to have to borrow more. What's that going to mean? So I think there's just this more cautious outlook at least about inflation and that the jobs report just poured gasoline on the fire.
SHAPIRO: It's kind of counterintuitive that for a long time people have been saying, yeah, the stock market's great, but wages aren't going up. And now wages go up. And the stock market drops.
ZARROLI: Right.
(LAUGHTER)
SHAPIRO: Could political events have any impact on this, be part of the reason behind it? Of course this memo story is just blowing up Washington today. Could that be one of the factors?
ZARROLI: I don't think so. I mean, the memo was released in the morning. And the real - the drop today in the stocks really intensified later in the day, in the afternoon. So if there's a connection, it's hard to see. In fact, you know, you could say the markets have generally been shrugging off this Russia investigation. The markets are supposed to hate instability. You always hear that. And of course this is nothing if not an unpredictable time. But, you know, this investigation has been going on for months, and stock prices have just been going up and up and up almost regardless of that.
SHAPIRO: Put this in perspective for us. We said it was a 666-point drop. That sounds like a lot - 2 and a half percentage points. How bad is this?
ZARROLI: Well, you know, we need to keep it in perspective. This is one bad week. Stocks are still up for the year. The stock market was really due to come down anyway. I mean, we have these corrections. They're normal. You can't have stocks rising at these levels all the time. The economy is still growing. We have a very tight job market. Companies are reporting good profits.
But we are - you know, as I said, we're starting to see the mood shift a little bit. Interest rates have come up. They rose quite a bit today. The yield on the 10-year bond was up a lot. They're still not high in historic terms, but they are rising, and that does have an effect on the economy. That affects people's mortgages and auto loans. It affects credit cards. So, you know, people have been feeling really optimistic for a long time about where the economy is going, especially in the past year. But I think days like this are just kind of a reminder, you know, the sky is not the limit.
SHAPIRO: A reality check there from NPR's Jim Zarroli. Thanks a lot.
ZARROLI: You're welcome.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
“Quite many a time I felt the pressures of running our family of 12, given the fact that my income as a homeopathic doctor was not very much. Yet, she never complained about money and instead counselled me so as to dissipate my tensions,” he says. “Now, I am waiting for the time when I too will be laid to rest beside my wife.”
Michigan shipwreck hunters have found the remains of a schooner that sank in Lake Michigan in 1873 during a storm.
The Lizzie Throop was found in 280 feet of water along western Michigan's coastline some 15 miles northwest of the city of South Haven, the Michigan Shipwreck Research Association announced this past week.
The vessel set sail from Muskegon, Michigan, on Oct. 16, 1873, on a lumber run to Chicago, but sank after it began leaking during a squall, Craig R. Rich confirmed to TV5. Two of its six crewmen died when the two-masted, 86-foot-long schooner went down.
"We realize now that the deck and the masts floated ashore with the survivors, while the hull went to the bottom," Valerie van Heest, the shipwreck association's director told WZZM-TV.
Side scan sonar images show the sunken vessel on the lake bottom and other footage obtained by divers reveal the devastation the ship suffered when its deck separated from its hull, she said.
The Lizzie Throop was built in 1849 from wood milled at one of the Grand Haven area's earliest sawmills and was owned by prominent city resident Nathan Throop. It was named after Caroline Elizabeth Throop, who died in 1869.
The ruins are the 10th shipwreck the association has found during its ongoing search for a passenger plane that crashed into Lake Michigan nearly 68 years ago. Northwest Orient Flight 2501 crashed on June 23, 1950, killing all 58 aboard the DC-4 propliner.
The association partnered 14 years ago with author Clive Cussler and his National Underwater Marine Agency to search for the aircraft. That search will resume this spring with the help of oceanographer Gregory Busch, who will bring to the quest the latest sonar equipment and a unique search methodology, van Heest said.
"We feel more confident than ever that the discovery of Flight 2501 could happen in 2018," she said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press/WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ITM Power, the Sheffield-based energy storage and clean fuel company, today revealed that its services have attracted interest from multi-national companies.
In a trading update, ITM Power revealed that it has £22.64m of projects under contract, and a further £1.72m of contracts in the final stages of negotiation.
Projects under contract have increased by £5.66m in the last 11 weeks.
ITM Power said it was increasingly receiving enquiries from multinational entities for “significantly larger platforms and for a broader range of applications”.
Dr Graham Cooley, the chief executive of ITM Power, commented: “The increase in contracted projects over the last few months is testimony to the performance and cost reduction of ITM Power's technology and to our vastly experienced sales team.”
ITM Power is helping to meet the need for clean fuel in the transport, renewable heat and chemicals sectors.
The company was admitted to the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange in 2004.
Bishop Selected To Join House Ways & Means Committee
February 15, 2017
Congressman Mike Bishop has been selected to serve on a powerful congressional committee that on Tuesday found itself in the center of the debate over the President's tax returns.
The Rochester Hills Republican was chosen by the House Republican Steering Committee to serve on the Ways and Means Committee, filling a seat left open by newly-confirmed Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. Ways and Means is the chief tax-writing committee in the House of Representatives and has jurisdiction over issues including health care, trade, Medicare and Medicaid, Social Security and welfare. Bishop said he was “grateful for this opportunity to fight for Michigan,” noting that the state “is home to one of the most diverse economies in the nation” with a “pivotal role in international trade.” He said he was, “ready to get to work with…the Committee to simplify our tax code, create more jobs and replace Obamacare with a health care law that works for more hardworking Americans.” But during Tuesday's organizational meeting of the committee, Democratic lawmakers attempted to use the committee's power to probe the links between Russia and President Trump by forcing the release of the president's tax returns. That measure failed on a party line vote. Democrats argued that reviewing Trump's tax returns is important for national security, in light of national security adviser Michael Flynn resigning following reports that he misled White House officials about conversations he had with the Russian ambassador. But committee chair Kevin Brady of Texas declined to do so, saying it would weaken taxpayers' privacy rights.
Food Lion is looking to hire 400 full- and part-time associates during four job fairs in Norfolk, Chesapeake, Williamsburg and Suffolk, Virginia, on April 25 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
The grocer is hiring for various positions including cashiers, produce managers, produce associates, meat managers, meat cutters, deli managers, deli associates, grocery managers, front end/sales associates, stockers, frozen food and dairy associates, pricing coordinators, specialty merchandisers, customer service managers, quality assurance and DSD receivers.
Anyone interested in applying for these jobs is being encouraged to attend the job fair and bring a resume. Interviews will be held on-site at: 1446 Crossways Blvd. in Chesapeake, 6350 Newtown Road in Norfolk, 157 N. Main Street in Suffolk, and 50 Kingsmill Road in Williamsburg.
Food Lion, based in Salisbury, North Carolina, since 1957, has more than 1,000 stores in 10 southeastern and Mid-Atlantic states and employs more than 63,000 associates.
Keep reading:
KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 10:52 am |
A man hangs a picture of Russian dissident journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was (supposedly) shot dead in the Ukrainian capital on Tuesday, on a fence of the Russian embassy in Kiev, Ukraine. (Reuters/Gleb Garanich)
A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about his own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at his apartment and that his wife had found him dead.
His reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying he had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life and said he was fine.
“I would like to apologize for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters.
“I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologize to my wife for [w]hat she has been through.”
He went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving his life and said the most important thing was that what he called other big acts of terror had been thwarted. He did not specify what those planned acts were.
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying he did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday he was convinced what he called “the Russian totalitarian machine” had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called his honesty.
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
“This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for his comments in a 2016 online post on a Russian military plane crash. He said his comments had resulted in thousands of threats, his home address being published online and calls for him to be deported.
The plane, carrying 92 people, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
LIBERAL DEMOCRAT leader Tim Farron moved quickly to frame the snap General Election as fresh Brexit referendum.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: "This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
"Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said: "“I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
“In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
Caroline Lucas, co-leader of the Green Party, said: "Britain is at a crossroads – and today's announcement means that people are rightly given a say over the direction this country is going to take.
"Only the Green Party offers a bold, positive vision for a different kind of Britain. At this election we will stand for an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few; a Britain that's open to the world and the protection of our precious environment.
"We will stand up to the politics of hatred and division that is scarring our communities and give people across the country a chance to vote for a better Britain.”
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall: "We welcome the opportunity to take UKIP's positive message to the country.
"However, we believe that the Prime Minister's decision to call this election is a cynical decision driven more by the weakness of Corbyn's Labour Party rather than the good of the country. There is also the prospect of a slew of Tory held by-elections caused by the seeming systematic breach of electoral law at the last election, predominantly in places where UKIP were pressing the Conservatives hard.
"We are in the midst of Brexit negotiations so this election will provide a perfect opportunity for the 52% to vote for UKIP the only party wholeheartedly committed to a clean quick and efficient Brexit."
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Plans are being developed by Stornoway Port Authority, CalMac and Comhairle nan Eilean Siar to reduce congestion on Shell Street at the entrance to Stornoway ferry terminal.
The introduction of the Loch Seaforth on the route has seen an increase in traffic around the island terminal and this, together with later arriving vehicles, has seen particular traffic issues during the early morning and lunchtime check-in period.
Councillor Uisdean Robertson, chairman of the Comhairle's Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, said: ‘We are, of course, very pleased that the reduction in fares and the provision of additional capacity on the route mean that more people want to travel to, from and within the Outer Hebrides.
‘However, it is apparent that this additional traffic has created a number of consequences in ports such as Stornoway and, in this case, we are keen to work with CalMac and the Port Authority to ensure that any congestion or disruption to road traffic on the public highway is kept to an absolute minimum.
‘It is clear that there is a growing incidence of traffic backing up onto Shell Street and causing congestion on Newton Street and even as far as the junction with James Street.
‘Whilst we are currently reviewing road-markings and signage on Shell Street and, in particular, the roundabout at the junction with the entrance to Pier number three, we are working with CalMac and the Port Authority to review their respective operational management and marshalling arrangements to provide a more efficient check-in process.'
Finlay MacRae, CalMac's area operations manager, said: ‘There are a number of factors which are contributing to the congestion on Shell Street.
‘Firstly, we are seeing a large number of vehicles arriving to check in at the port in a relatively short period of time immediately prior to the deadline.
‘This leads to a build-up of traffic in the 10-15 minute period prior to the check-in close and, whilst we would not wish to have to consider extending the check-in period, we would ask passengers to give themselves a bit more time prior to that deadline and have all travel documentation to hand at check-in.'
He continued: ‘The efficient loading of the car-deck is particularly important when there are high levels of traffic on the vessel and the large range of vehicles in terms of weight and size now travelling on the route presents us with particular challenges in terms of marshalling and loading whilst adhering to the route timetable.
‘We have allocated additional staffing to the check-in arrangements during the summer months but recognise that improvements could also be made in terms of our use of better technology as part of the booking, ticketing and check-in processes.
‘We are working with our suppliers to develop and implement the necessary changes and are currently seeking to have improved processes and equipment in place for early in 2018 and certainly in advance of the peak period, which appears to be starting earlier every year.'
The solution to the congestion on Shell Street will also include changes and improvements to the marshalling infrastructure and Stornoway Port Authority has already begun investigations into alternative options.
Alex Macleod, the Port Authority's Chief Executive, said: ‘Stornoway Port Authority recognise that there is a need for further improvements to the Stornoway Ferry terminal marshalling and parking arrangements, to reduce congestion on the public road and within the ferry terminal area.
‘The Port Authority will work with CalMac and the Comhairle to reduce the likelihood of congestion and disruption on Shell Street.'
In conclusion, Mr Robertson said: ‘We have agreed that a number of interim measures will continue to be put in place by CalMac and would reiterate their request that the travelling public give themselves more time prior to the check-in deadline for the rest of this summer period.
‘In the longer term, we are hopeful that, following the implementation of the necessary improvements prior to next summer, there should be little likelihood of a repeat of the congestion seen over the last couple of years and that people continue to see the Outer Hebrides as an attractive and welcoming place to visit.'
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Kentucky-Miami Box
MIAMI 65, NO. 20 KENTUCKY 54
KENTUCKY (8-3)
Wyatt 2-8 0-0 6, Rice 4-8 3-4 11, Cann 0-6 1-2 1, Morris 7-22 2-2 18, Murray 3-8 1-2 8, McKinney 0-1 0-0 0, Harrison 1-3 0-0 2, Hardin 0-0 0-0 0, Paschal 1-3 2-2 4, Roach 2-4 0-0 4, Totals 20-63 9-12 54.
MIAMI (6-3)
Hof 3-7 2-4 8, Davenport 5-7 2-4 12, Bailey 4-8 2-5 11, Banks 5-9 3-6 13, Gray 3-12 6-8 12, Harris 0-1 0-0 0, Geldof 0-0 0-0 0, Marshall 4-11 0-1 9, Mason 0-4 0-0 0, Petithomme 0-1 0-0 0, Totals 24-60 15-28 65.
Kentucky 18 12 18 6 —54 Miami 14 9 28 14 —65
3-Point Goals_Kentucky 5-19 (Wyatt 2-4, Cann 0-4, Morris 2-8, Murray 1-1, Paschal 0-1, Roach 0-1), Miami 2-15 (Bailey 1-2, Banks 0-1, Gray 0-4, Marshall 1-6, Mason 0-1, Petithomme 0-1). Assists_Kentucky 6 (Cann 2), Miami 15 (Banks 8). Fouled Out_Kentucky Rice, Cann, Rebounds_Kentucky 41 (Rice 12), Miami 43 (Davenport 12). Total Fouls_Kentucky 25, Miami 17. A_868.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SGL Carbon SE (Wiesbaden, Germany) has agreed to sell its cathodes, furnace linings, and carbon electrodes (CFL/CE) business to private equity investment firm Triton Partners (Frankfurt, Germany). The August 8 announcement means that SGL Group has signed a sale and purchase agreement to sell its cathodes, furnace linings, and carbon electrodes (CFL/CE) business for an agreed-on enterprise value (cash and debt free) of €250 million, which, after deduction of standard debt-like items (mainly pension provisions) as well as other customary adjustments, results in cash proceeds of more than €230 million. The final proceeds will be determined based on the balance sheet at closing. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, mainly relating to antitrust approvals. Closing is expected in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Ricky Gervais has called for a ban on wild animals in circuses.
The 56-year-old comedian is backing Animal Defenders International (ADI) and has urged the UK to ban nationwide the use of wild animals in circus acts.
Ricky, who is an outspoken supporter of animal rights, said: "Using and abusing animals is not what I call entertainment.
"A ban on wild animal circus acts needs to happen without delay. Please support ADI and help secure a UK-wide ban, ending this madness once and for all."
The plea comes after legislation was blocked in England by a single MP.
Ricky isn't the first celebrity to urge the UK to stop the use of animals in circuses.
The late Sir Roger Moore previously joined People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) in fighting for tigers and lions and urged the Prime Minister to bring in the ban on the circuses.
The likes of prolific film and theatre star Brian Blessed also backed the campaign and said: "It cannot come soon enough for the animals, who must endure an utterly unnatural and miserable life in the circus."
And 'Absolutely Fabulous' star Joanna Lumley said it is "haunting and horrifying" that the animals are forced to perform and are "caged and confined".
She said: "Forced to perform, caged and confined, it is haunting and horrifying to see animals being used in circuses... We must end these pitiful acts across the UK."
The Wentworth Woodhouse site near Rotherham has been occupied by many important and colourful characters over many centuries, from the Wentworth, Watson and Fitzwilliam families. The present building itself has also been involved in a number of skirmishes.
The Wentworths lived there from the 13th century and the first family member to achieve national fame was Sir Thomas Wentworth (b. 1593) He lived in a Jacobean house on the site and later became Earl of Strafford. He was an administrator for Charles I, President of the Council of the North and Lord Deputy of Ireland. After making a number of enemies, Sir Thomas was beheaded for treason in 1641. Charles I signed his death warrant. His remains are buried under the old church in Wentworth.
Earl Fitzwilliam of Wentworth eight from left Died 1948 (air crash) Left to right: T. Naylor, C.A.S. Fielding, N. Wilkinson, Hedley, Wilcox, T. Tummey, H. Tinker, Lord Milton (later Earl Fitzwilliam), A. Varty, Percy-Wright, H. Walker (Manager, and Tom Pearson
Sir Thomas was succeeded by the second Earl of Strafford and then the estate passed to his nephew Thomas Watson (1626-1695). His son, also named Thomas (Watson-Wentworth) replaced the Jacobean house with the enormous Wentworth Woodhouse – known as ‘England's greatest semi.'
Henry Flitcroft (1697–1769) was the architect for the Palladian east front; the west front is in the Baroque style and incorporates four giant Corinthian pilasters.
Thomas Watson-Wentworth, Lord Malton and later first Marquis of Rockingham, died in 1750, before the house was completed. Thomas's youngest son Charles, who outlived his four brothers, became the next Marquis of Rockingham. He was also Prime Minister twice and financed the manufacture of Rockingham pottery at the works in Swinton, near Rotherham.
He died in 1782, about the same time that the house's wings – originally only one and a half storeys high – were altered by celebrated architect John Carr of York.
Wentworth first meet for Peter Fitzwilliam
On completion Wentworth Woodhouse boasted 250,000 sq ft of floor space, 365 rooms and covered an area of over 2.5 acres (1.0 ha). It is surrounded by a 180-acre (73 ha) park and by an estate of 15,000 acres.
The most prominent landscape gardener of the time, Humphry Repton (1752–1818), was assigned to lay out the grounds.
Within the Wentworth Woodhouse estate are a number of follies and monuments, built during the 18th century. These include: Hoober Stand; Keppel's Column; and The Needle's Eye.
Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham died in 1782 and his estates, but not his marquisate, passed to his nephew William Fitzwilliam, 4th Earl Fitzwilliam (b. 1748). He became one of the greatest landowners in the country with his estate being made up around 14,000 acres of farmland, woods and mines raising almost £20,000 annually in rents.
Kathleen Cavendish née Kennedy
During the early 20th century Wentworth welcomed King George V and Queen Mary on their four-day visit to parts of Yorkshire in July 1912.
The house was occupied by the military during the Second World War and, shortly afterwards, the 8th Earl, Peter Wentworth-Fitzwilliam was romantically linked with the widowed Kathleen Cavendish, sister of future US President John F. Kennedy. On June 12, 1946, Kathleen Cavendish had met Peter Fitzwilliam at a fundraising event ball at the Dorchester Hotel, London.
Fitzwilliam was still married (separated from his wife Olive Dorothea ‘Obby' Plunket) with an 11-year-old daughter. He served with the Commandos during the war and later for the Special Operations Executive, gaining a Distinguished Service Order. Yet, he was known to be a hard-drinking, hard-gambling wealthy playboy.
Inviting Kathleen to dance, Fitzwilliam spun her round the ballroom. ‘It was overnight and it was the real thing,' Charlotte Harris recalled in Catherine Bailey's Black Diamonds (2007), ‘One got the impression that she'd discovered something she didn't really plan to experience in life.'
Wentworth Woodhouse Hoober Stand
Tragically when the couple were on their way to the South of France on May 13, 1948 (before planning to meet Joseph Kennedy in Paris to discuss their intention to marry), their private jet crashed in stormy weather, killing all on-board.
At Wentworth, the 1940s were marked with the controversial open cast mining scheme. The decision was seen as an act of class war against the coal-owning aristocracy. The Minister of Fuel, Manny Shinwell, had carried out a threat to the Fitzwilliams to bring mining ‘right up to your bloody front door'.
The scheme was not supported by local miners as the Fitzwilliams were respected employers.
At the end of the 1940s, the estate was greatly affected by the nationalisation of the coal industry and death duties. Many of the fine items making up the contents were sold in 1948, 1986 and 1998.
Between 1949-1979, part of Wentworth Woodhouse was leased to the West Riding County Council for the Lady Mabel College of Physical Education, training female teachers. The college later merged with Sheffield City Polytechnic (now Sheffield Hallam University). By 1988, the Polytechnic no longer required the premises and eventually the family trustees sold them.
Clifford Newbold, an architect who helped design London's Millbank Tower, acquired the grade 1 property in 1999 and embarked on restoration. On his death in 2015 it was acquired by Wentworth Woodhouse Preservation Trust.
Former students of Lady Mable college as they celebrate an annual reunion.
During the November 2016 budget Conservative Chancellor Philip Hammond announced that the Trust was to receive a grant of £7.6 million.
William Thomas George Wentworth-Fitzwilliam (1904-1979), was the 10th and last Earl Fitzwilliam.
Wentworth Woodhouse Long Room YP 4 Feb 1971
MOSCOW — Stalwart defense Friday night carried North Pocono to a 21-12 win over previously unbeaten Western Wayne.
But the foundation for the Lackawanna Football Conference Division II win was built earlier in the week.
“We had one of the best weeks of preparation that we've had,” said North Pocono two-way lineman Matt Caputo, who had a dozen tackles. “(Western Wayne) was a great team that came back from a tough season last year and really rebuilt their program. We just had to play. I think after a great week of preparation we were all ready to play, including me.”
The Trojans' effort included a strip sack that set up their first touchdown, a blocked kick at the end of the first half that swiped the momentum from the Wildcats, and two other forced turnovers that stifled the No. 8-ranked team.
“We've been talking about it all week,” said North Pocono defensive end Jeremiah Acker, whose sack and strip on the first play of the second quarter led to the game's first score. “We have to create turnovers. That's our motto. Tuesday is turnover Tuesday. When we make turnovers, we know big things can happen.”
Joe Ianni recovered at the Wildcats 47 and Donny Blaine fired a strike that Dale Moore ran under for a touchdown on the next play.
“Obviously, you have mistakes in some crucial situations,” Western Wayne head coach Randy Wolff said. “But I thought we weathered the storm, for the most part. We gave up the big play there, but I thought our kids fought back and put the ball in the end zone before the half.”
Cole Fuller did that with a powerful 7-yard run, but Mike Kowalski blocked the extra point.
“Coach says it all the time, guys have to step up and make plays against good football teams like this in tight games like this,” said Kowalski, who also had a fourth-quarter interception and broke up a two-point conversion pass with 3:01 remaining. “I was just lucky to be in the right place at the right time.
“I've been trying for weeks for that, but I got lucky this time.”
North Pocono (5-2 overall, 2-0 Division II) jumped offside twice before the conversion, but Wolff opted to leave his kicker on the field and on his normal mark.
“I didn't want to put our kicker in a position where by moving the ball, all of a sudden he's thinking about it,” Wolff said. “Great play by a great athlete.”
It was the first blocked extra point against the Wildcats (6-1, 1-1), and North Pocono used it to take charge in the third quarter.
JC Gaughan returned the kickoff to the Western Wayne 46, and four plays later, Blaine hit Dan Walsh on a 22-yard fade route to make it 14-6 two minutes into the third.
“We had to make some halftime adjustments, but it just came down to will,” Caputo said.
Gaughan ripped off a 21-yard touchdown with 5:20 left in the game to make it 21-6, and Kowalski intercepted at the 1 on Western Wayne's next drive, seemingly sealing the win.
But quarterback Matt Valanda scored on a 1-yard bootleg after a fumble with 3:01 left, and Kowalski batted down the conversion to keep it a two-possession game.
“We played them last year and their program wasn't anything like this,” Caputo said. “They're a great football team despite what happened here tonight.”
Contact the writer:
mmyers@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100, ext. 5437;
@mmyersTT on Twitter
WILKES-BARRE TWP. — Nothing cures the flu like a couple goals.
Oskar Sundqvist — who spent Monday in bed with a fever, muscle aches, cough, and runny nose — skated off the ice Tuesday night feeling cool as a cucumber after netting two goals in the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins' 5-1 win over the Lehigh Valley Phantoms in front of 4,088 at Mohegan Sun Arena.
“You know you're going to be a little bit more tired when you come into a game after being sick,” Sundqvist said. “You have to try to fight through that in the beginning (of the game), but to have a (goal) really helped with that.”
The win —- which featured 27 saves from Tristan Jarry, who was stellar in net — came just 10 days after the Penguins ran all over Lehigh Valley in a 7-1 victory at home Feb. 4.
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton (37-11-3-0, 77 points) struck within the first 5:37 of all three periods and used that momentum to climb 11 points ahead of the Phantoms (32-15-2-0, 66 points) in the race for the Atlantic Division title and home ice throughout the playoffs.
“That's a good hockey club over there,” said Penguins coach Clark Donatelli, whose team has outscored the Phantoms, 12-2, at home. “It didn't feel like a 5-1 hockey game. They're pretty dynamic. You've got to keep playing for the full 60 (minutes) because they can come back pretty quick. Once we got up, we protected the lead.”
The Penguins won the first period, 2-0, but lost Garrett Wilson to an upper-body injury following a dangerous crosscheck from Sam Morin that sent the forward crashing into the boards, left-shoulder first.
“He'll get X-rays (today),” Donatelli said. “He's going to be week to week.”
The Penguins snaped an 0-for-12 skid on the power play against the Phantoms when Derrick Pouliot connected on a shot from just inside the blue line at 5:37 that was more seeing-eye than rocket. The goal, which whizzed through a Tom Kostopoulos screen, was the fourth of the season for the former first-round pick.
Sahir Gill helped the Penguins double their lead when he delivered a big hit in the corner that led to a defensive-zone turnover. The puck was quickly scooped up by Jean-Sebastien Dea and centered to Dominik Simon, who was alone in front.
The goal was Simon's eighth of the season and second in as many games.
Wilkes-Barre began the second on the penalty kill, but still managed to extend its lead when Sundqvist pounced on a loose puck and took it the length of the ice with a defender on his back for the shorthanded goal 57 seconds in.
The tally snapped a 16-game scoring drought for Sundqvist, who is just starting to find his game after being sidelined with a concussion.
“I was going out there to block a shot, and I saw (the puck) bounce over his stick and I had my speed going forward and he had his going the other direction,” Sundqvist said. “I was lucky there to have it bounce over his stick.”
At 9:10, the Phantoms finally slipped one past Jarry, but Nicolas Aube-Kubel needed to bank his wraparound attempt off a Penguins defenseman to do so.
Jean-Sebastien Dea made sure the Penguins carried a three-goal edge into the final frame with a laser from the sideboards at 16:43.
Kostopoulos went to the box twice in the second and, in doing so, moved passed Darcy Verot (830) on the Penguins' list of all-time penalty minute leaders. He now trails only AHL all-time PIMs leader Dennis Bonvie.
Sundqvist continued the Penguins' trend of starting each period strong with his second of the night at 4:30 in the third. The goal came on an attempted pass to Kevin Porter that got caught in Anthony Stolarz' (38 saves) pads.
“That one ended up well,” Sundqvist said with a laugh and a sniffle. “I think the goals were a little bit lucky tonight. But I think I kind of deserved them after all the chances I've been missing lately. I'm happy that I finally got to score again.”
Contact the writer:
slakso@citizensvoice.com
@CVSethLakso on Twitter
WBS PENGUINS GAME REPORT
Penguins 5, Lehigh Valley 1
Lehigh Valley 0 1 0 — 1
W-B/Scranton 2 2 1 — 5
First Period - 1, W-B/Scranton, Pouliot 4 (Gill, Blueger), 5:37 (PP). 2, W-B/Scranton, Simon 8 (Dea, Gill), 17:03. Penalties - Morin Lv (cross-checking), 4:21; Burton Wbs (holding), 6:00; Knight Lv (hooking), 11:56; McDonald Lv (fighting), 14:23; Burton Wbs (boarding, fighting), 14:23; Dea Wbs (goaltender interference), 19:32.
Second Period - 3, W-B/Scranton, Sundqvist 15 0:57 (SH). 4, Lehigh Valley, Aube-Kubel 7 (Alt, Knight), 9:10. 5, W-B/Scranton, Dea 13 (Simon, Blueger), 16:43. Penalties - Gaunce Wbs (bench minor - interference from bench), 2:17; Sanheim Lv (interference), 3:03; Kostopoulos Wbs (tripping), 5:22; Hagg Lv (slashing), 10:52; Bardreau Lv (diving/embellishment), 17:44; Kostopoulos Wbs (tripping), 17:44.
Third Period - 6, W-B/Scranton, Sundqvist 16 (Porter, Gaunce), 4:20. Penalties - Sundqvist Wbs (holding), 1:53; Carey Lv (slashing), 2:18; O'Neill Lv (tripping), 8:29; Morin Lv (delay of game), 16:14.
Shots on Goal - Lehigh Valley 7-14-7-28. W-B/Scranton 15-18-10-43.
Power Play Opportunities - Lehigh Valley 0 / 6; W-B/Scranton 1 / 7.
Goalies - Lehigh Valley, Stolarz 11-5-0 (43 shots-38 saves). W-B/Scranton, Jarry 21-8-1 (28 shots-27 saves).
A - 4,088
Referees - Tyler Puddifant (9), Evgenii Romasko (39).
Linesmen - Francois Dussureault (60), Jud Ritter (34).
Three stars
1. Penguins C Oskar Sundqvist — two goals
2. Penguins LW Dominik Simon — goal, assist
3. Penguins G Tristan Jarry — 27 saves
By the numbers
11 — days, the most the Penguins and Phantoms will go without seeing each other for the remainder of the season. They'll meet eight more times over Wilkes-Barre/Scranton's final 25 games.
Penguins lineup
F — Tom Sestito-Kevin Porter-Tom Kostopoulos
Garrett Wilson-Oskar Sundqvist-Danny Kristo
Dominik Simon-Teddy Blueger-Jean-Sebastien Dea
Ryan Haggerty-Sahir Gill-Jarrett Burton
D — Derrick Pouliot-Steve Oleksy
Stuart Percy-David Warsofsky
Cameron Gaunce-Ethan Prow
G — Tristan Jarry
Casey DeSmith
Healthy scratches — Tim Erixon (vet), Barry Goers, Pat McGrath
Injury report
Thomas Di Pauli (upper-body, out until late Feb.) and Lukas Bengtsson (illness; week-to-week) did not play.
Up next
The Penguins are off until Friday, when they head to Albany to take on the Devils for the second and final time this season at the Times Union Center. Puck drop is scheduled for 7 p.m.
— SETH LAKSO, STAFF WRITER
1:47 This is Topgolf Pause
1:36 Southwest Airlines Pilots Picket For A New Contract
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
It might take a few tries, but saving as much as 30 per cent on your television bill is certainly possible. ( THE ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE PHOTO )
Do you love the options cable television offers you, but hate paying a small fortune for it? The Star asked Stephen Weyman, founder of HowToSaveMoney.ca, a site dedicated to helping Canadians maximize their dollars, for his thoughts on the cable dilemma. Here are his top tips on reducing – or even eliminating – your cable bill. • Know your options: There are plenty of TV and cable providers out there, and doing your research on the best one for you can really pay off. Don't limit yourself to just cable companies either, Weyman notes, as there are plenty of satellite providers and internet companies that also offer television service – and don't be afraid to swap providers if you feel you're currently paying too much. “Do a package comparison with numerous companies and look for long-term new customer promotions that give you heavily discounted prices for up to three years,” Weyman suggest. “Switching providers once every three years isn't that hard.”
Article Continued Below
• Play your cards right: If you don't want the hassle of switching companies, Weyman recommends playing the loyalty card. “Keep your eyes and ears open for new customer promotions from competitors, and call up customer service [in your current provider] to tell them about it,” he says. “Be pleasant, and emphasize how you've been a loyal customer and try to get them to match or beat the competitor's offer.” Saving up to 30 per cent or even more off your bill isn't unheard of – it just might take a few tries, and you may have to call back annually to renew the discount.
• Cut down: Do you have a lot of extras you subscribe too? Are you really using them all? Periodically review your package and see if you're still making use of the extra $15 to $25 a month you're paying to watch just one show or channel. “Deciding if you can live without that one channel, or if you can subscribe to that channel online or by itself for less money,” says Weyman. “You could even just purchase that one show on demand and get rid of the [pricier] monthly cost.” • Bundle up: Cable prices can be quite marked up, and Weyman says companies are often willing to toss in internet and a home phone service for just a little bit more. Be extra savvy and use this as a negotiating tactic when dealing with customer service reps – and remember, providers ultimately want your business. • Cut the chord: Believe it or not, there are (legal) options to stream television shows for free on the internet – provided you have high-speed internet. More than 30 different Canadian networks such as CityTV, CBC, and HGTV, stream full episodes of their shows online – something you may not know unless you go looking for it. Weyman has compiled a full list on his website, or you can do some searching on your own. Just make sure your internet is high-speed to get the best possible quality streaming before you cancel your current cable subscription. Invest in an HDMI cable that will connect your computer to your television and watch your (free) TV on the big screen. • Pick 'n' pay: If internet TV doesn't provide enough free content for you, Weyman suggests purchasing the extra television shows and movies on demand through iTunes, Google Play, or the Cineplex Store to watch on your device - or subscribe to Netflix for $10 a month. “If you're a sports nut, most of the major leagues also have annual internet subscriptions now where you get access to way more games and content for much less than the cost of cable,” he adds, noting this may also eliminate mindlessly channel surfing as you are choosing what you want to watch.
TOP UP: Improvements are coming to Macksville Park and other Nambucca community venues.
TOP UP: Improvements are coming to Macksville Park and other Nambucca community venues. Leigh Jensen
AN upgrade of Allan Gillet Oval in Macksville is coming with money allocated to three projects under the NSW Regional Growth Fund.
The home of the Macksville Gift and Macksville Sea Eagles rugby league team will receive new lighting, have the security fence replaced and the kiosk kitchen renovated with funding of $213,050 announced by Member for Oxley, Melinda Pavey.
"The investment will provide Shire residents with improved facilities the region can enjoy and is fantastic news for the Nambucca,” she said.
"Our community has been calling out for upgrades to local facilities and I'm thrilled these can now begin.”
Mrs Pavey guided the application made by Nambucca Shire Council which will also see $130,950 spent on behalf of Bowraville Connections to upgrade amenities including the construction of a barbecue area and connecting path.
However, the big ticket item is $500,000 dedicated to Coronation Park at Nambucca Heads.
New lighting will make the iconic venue very attractive to sporting groups wishing to conduct night time fixtures while improving safety for team training.
Round two of funding opens in March 2018.
Details at www.nsw.gov.au/strongercountrycommunities
The National Grocers Association (NGA) has named this year's category winners in its Creative Choice Awards contest, sponsored by Kellogg's and Unilever. The competition honors the “best marketing and merchandising programs in the grocery industry that have increased item or department sales, positively impacted overall store sales, or provided a unique benefit to the community.”
The contest featured 10 different categories with two winners for each—one entry from a store operator with one to 15 stores and one entry from an operator with 15 or more stores. Marketing campaigns and merchandising events or promotions held between Dec. 1, 2016, and Dec. 1, 2017, were eligible for this year's contest.
More than 450 entries were judged based on the criteria of creativity, clarity and effectiveness by a panel of industry experts.
Voting is open for the highest awards of the Creative Choice Awards contest, the “Outstanding Merchandiser” and “Outstanding Marketer” titles, through Friday, Feb. 9, here. The winners will be presented at The NGA Show, taking place Feb. 11-14 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The 2018 Creative Choice Awards category winners are:
Marketing
Category 1: Connections Through Social Media and Digital Marketing
1-15 Store Winner: Mobile Opt-In Campaign, Nutrition Smart
15+ Store Winner: What's For Dinner, Lowe's Market
Category 2: Connections Through TV Radio
1-15 Store Winner: Macey's Moments, Macey's
15+ Store Winner: Toddler Taste Test Videos, Quincy County Market
Category 3: Connections Through Print
1-15 Store Winner: Newport Avenue Market “Experts” Campaign, Newport Avenue Market
15+ Store Winner: Cub Quick & Easy Meals, Cub
Category 4: Integrated Marketing Campaign
1-15 Store Winner: Daily Harvest Values!, Walla Walla's Harvest Foods
15+ Store Winner: MORE Rewards 2.0 Launch, Coborn's Inc.
Category 5: Grand Opening or Remodel
1-15 Store Winner: Macey's Murray Grand Opening, Macey's
15+ Store Winner: 10Box Springdale Grand Opening, Harp's Food Stores Inc.
Merchandising
Category 6: Single Manufacturer Event
1-15 Store Winner: Acquistapace's Wisconsin Cheese Extravaganza, Acquistapace's Covinton Supermarket
15+ Store Winner: Purina – Pet Photo Contest & Buy a Bag Give a Bag program, Houchens Industries
Category 7: Store Event
1-15 Store Winner: Chocolate-Covered Strawberry Dipping, Dorothy Lane Market
15+ Store Winner: Produce Sidewalk Sales, McKay's Foods and Pharmacy
Category 8: Public Service or Charitable Cause Event
1-15 Store Winner: Bags for Bees, Honey Bee Produce Co.
15+ Store Winner: American Flag Made of 2,028 Cupcakes, County Market
Category 9: Center Store/GM/HBC
1-15 Store Winner: One Day Case Sale Event – Introduction of Our Family, a new Private Brand, Leppink's Food Centers
15+ Store Winner: Miner's Inc. Letter Carrier's Food Drive, Burning Tree Rd Super One
Category 10: Perimeter Departments
1-15 Store Winner: Newport Avenue Market What's for Dinner Tuesday, Newport Avenue Market
15+ Store Winner: Misfit Produce, Coborn's Inc.
Keep reading:
Supercapacitors (also known as ultracapacitors), a type of capacitor, are energy storing components which have advanced features in comparison to conventional capacitors (electrolytic and ceramic capacitors), such as high energy density, faster charging and discharging, high power density, etc. A supercapacitor is made of electrodes, covered with a layer of activated carbon for increasing its surface area, and an electrolyte which acts as the separator or the dielectric, when compared to a convectional supercapacitor. Technological advancements have led to the introduction of two more types of supercapacitors, i.e. pseudo-capacitors and hybrid capacitors. Since their inception, due to the mixed features of a Li-ion battery and a supercapacitor, a high demand for hybrid capacitors is being witnessed in the market. Supercapacitors have applications across various industry verticals, especially in electronics, automotive and transportation, and energy and power. In addition to this, continuous research and development is under process for further enhancing the features of the product. Owing to this, graphene-based supercapacitors have also been launched in the market, which possess higher charge holding capacity when compared to hybrid capacitors. The market has witnessed considerable traction in the past, and is further expected to witness a boom during the forecast period.
Request Sample: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1293
The global supercapacitors market is expected to grow from US$ 908.1 Mn in 2018 to US$ 5,529.2 Mn by 2028, expanding at a CAGR of 19.8% in terms of revenue during the forecast period (2018-2028). In this report, the global supercapacitors market is tracked in terms of value, and is calibrated to obtain the market revenue estimates.
However, the high costs associated with the product and lack of awareness and resources in some countries, globally, and a higher preference for Li-ion batteries across some industry verticals are some of the major challenges that hamper the growth of the supercapacitors market.
To understand and assess the demand and opportunities in this market, the report is categorically split into four major sections, namely, market analysis – by type, by application, by vertical, and by region.
On the basis of type, the market is segmented into electrical double layer capacitors (EDLC), pseudo-capacitors, and hybrid capacitors. The EDLC segment is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, and enjoy a market share of 74.9% and 67.0% in 2018 and 2028, respectively.
On the basis of application, the market is segmented into consumer electronic devices, automobiles, grid stabilization, trains, locomotive systems (cranes and elevators), aircraft, and others. Consumer electronics is expected to dominate the market in the majority duration of the forecast period. The automobiles segment is expected to overtake the consumer electronics segment in the latter half of the forecast period, owing to the high CAGR associated with it. The automobiles segment is expected to grow from US$ 199.4 Mn in 2018 to US$ 1,673.2 in 2028.
Request TOC: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1293
On the basis of vertical, the market is segmented into automotive and transportation, industrial, electronics, energy and power, military and defense, aerospace and aviation, and others. The automotive and transportation segment is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, and enjoy a market share of 29.0% and 39.1% in 2018 and 2028, respectively.
The section – market analysis by region, includes an in-depth country level analysis of all global regions, namely, North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, SEA and Others in Asia Pacific, Japan, China, and MEA, by product type, by printing technology, by industry, and by country; and provides market data in terms of value for 2018-2028. In 2017, the market in North America dominated the overall global supercapacitors market (given Asia Pacific is considered separately as three regions, i.e. China, Japan, and SEA and Others of APAC), while the fastest growing region in the market is China. North America is further expected to hold a majority of the market share in 2028 as well.
The key players reported in this study on the global supercapacitors market are Maxwell Technologies, KEMET Corporation, Eaton, AVX Corporation, CAP-XX, Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Nippon Chemi-Con, Ioxus Inc, Panasonic Corporation, Blue Solutions, YUNASKO, VINATech Co., Ltd., FastCAP, LS Mtron, and Tecate Group
In January 2017, Maxwell Technologies signed an agreement with CRRC-SRI for localizing its ultracapacitor manufacturing in China, for the energy bus market. This partnership enabled the company to compete more effectively in the Chinese bus market.
In April 2017, KEMET Corporation acquired NEC TOKIN Corporation, to add two additional manufacturing sites in Thailand and Japan, and a production center in Japan. In addition to this, the company added an additional product in its product portfolio, i.e. electric double layer capacitors (supercapacitors).
In April 2018, CAP-XX launched thin 3V supercapacitors for enhancing the data collection and transmission process, and for replacing batteries facing issues in delivering the power required for the same.
Zombie Taco
Pink Taco
Kite String Cantina
Gorditas Loli's
Octavio Cantina & Kitchen
AROUND 4.30pm this Saturday, the 2017 Startup Coffs Coast Pitch competition winner will be announced at C.ex Coffs.
Everybody is invited to attend the biggest startup event in the region with Mayor Denise Knight getting the show on the road at 9am.
Presented by Coffs Harbour's Telstra Business Centre, the free entry event has already proved a smash hit in a short period by setting out to educate, inspire and connect entrepreneurs and innovators.
Seven finalists will be pitching their innovative business solution on the day and vying for the chance to win the $33,000 in prize money and all the support they need to make their great ideas happen.
Each finalist has just five minutes to convince the judges of their winning business idea, so the pressure will be on Goblin Surf, The Pacific Collective, Formulater, Fibre Network Choices, Afterliife.com, Stitch Films and Keepsake App.
All these great ideas in technology and innovation will be presented in Startup Alley and the Innovation Lab where the pitchers will be available to those interested in their concepts.
FAA Investigating After Harrison Ford Flies Over Jetliner Awaiting Takeoff
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
What is Apple's responsibility when it comes to phone addiction? Picture: Eric Thayer
What is Apple's responsibility when it comes to phone addiction? Picture: Eric Thayer
FACEBOOK should be regulated like the cigarette industry.
Too much screen time is like digital heroin to kids.
Internet addiction changes your brain similar to cocaine.
These are all headlines from recent articles in The Guardian, NBC and CBS News that cite preliminary studies looking at the addictive and potentially harmful effects of too much tech in our daily lives.
The issue of how constant connectivity and screen time is affecting our behaviour and mental wellbeing has become increasingly pertinent in recent times. Rightly or wrongly, a growing section of the population are concerned about
Earlier this month, Google announced a suite of tools (coming soon) to help people achieve balance in their digital lives, citing that 70 per cent of users wanted help with regulating their digital wellbeing.
"We're creating tools and features that help people better understand their tech usage, focus on what matters most, disconnect when needed, and create healthy habits," the company said.
It might sound a bit ridiculous because let's be honest, adults should be able to self-regulate such things, and the cynical among us might point out that one of Google's "solutions" simply involves steering people toward speaking to its AI-powered home speaker.
But nonetheless a group called Digital Wellness Warriors thinks it's a step in the right direction and is calling on Apple to follow suit and put a greater emphasis on allowing users to pursue healthy digital habits.
The group, which claims to represent a community of app developers and non-profit organisations, has started a petition asking Apple to open its software development kit to let developers help users with mental wellbeing.
"We can assume that the majority of iPhone owners also need support to manage their smartphone habits, but as yet there are limited tools available to them," the petition states.
"Unfortunately, as digital wellness developers, we are restricted in our ability to help the iOS user base, due to the nature of Apple's operating systems."
There are a handful of apps in the Apple app store that you can buy to help you monitor your screen time and social media use. But one of the very few free and easy hacks to help you tackle your mindless desire to reach for your phone is something known as the "greyscale trick". It involves turning your iPhone screen monochrome in settings and judging by the number of people who share the hack on social media, there's plenty who find it useful.
Simple, but effective.
The petition to Apple is the latest in a string of calls for the world's richest tech company to address issues around phone addiction, particularly in kids and teens.
An article in the New York Times earlier this year ran the headline: "It's Time for Apple to Build a Less Addictive iPhone."
"It's not Apple's fault that you feel enslaved by your phone," the article began. "But the company that gave the world the modern smartphone has a perfect opportunity this year to create a brave and groundbreaking new take on that device: a phone that encourages you to use it more thoughtfully, more deliberately - and a lot less."
Centre for Humane Technology founder Tristan Harris has been described by The Atlantic magazine as the "closest thing Silicon Valley has to a conscience".
He spent three years as a Google design ethicist developing a framework for how technology should ethically steer the thoughts and actions of billions of people. He believes Apple is perhaps the only company that could make a genuine effort to tackle the issue.
"I do think this is (Apple's) time to step up," Mr Harris told the Times. "In fact, they may be our only hope."
Unlike the other big tech giants like Facebook and Google, Apple doesn't depend on tech addiction to keep serving you ads. They mainly just want to sell you a new laptop and iPhone every few years.
The Times article came after two large Apple shareholders penned open letters to the company urging a stronger stance on iPhone "addiction" among children.
New York-based Jana Partners and the California State Teachers' Retirement System (CalSTRS) said the firm must do more to help children fight addiction on its devices.
"There is a developing consensus around the world including Silicon Valley that the potential long-term consequences of new technologies need to be factored in at the outset, and no company can outsource that responsibility," the investors who control $US2 billion of Apple stock wrote.
"Apple can play a defining role in signalling to the industry that paying special attention to the health and development of the next generation is both good business and the right thing to do."
Apple's annual developers conference, WWDC, will be held early next week.
Matt Gilebbi scored an unassisted goal in the third period to lead coach Sal Follo's Milford Indians co-op boys hockey team to a 2-1 victory over BCR (Bolton/Coventry/Rockville) at the Milford Ice Pavilion on Saturday.
Milford is now 4-7. NCR is 1-9-1.
Milford's Ryan Ahearn, assisted by Joe Sacy, scored at the 10:04 mark of the first period.
Kyle Johnson second-period goal at 6:29 tied the game.
A.J. Bolduc made 15 saves for Milford.
BCR's Liam Keleher made 22 stops.
Staff Reporter
Rawalpindi
A two-member medical team from PIMS hospital on Saturday found no evidence of any heart problems in imprisoned former senator Nehal Hashmi.
Hashmi, a PML-N politician, was on Thursday sentenced to a month in prison and barred from holding public office for the next five years by the Supreme Court as punishment for a contemptuous speech he made.
The now incarcerated lawmaker was formally denotified from his Senate seat on Friday by the Election Commission of Pakistan.
As soon as he was sent to Adiala Jail, the lawmaker had complained of chest pains, after which some of his fellow party workers had pushed for his transfer to Pims.
A Pims medical team visited the jail on Saturday and, after a checkup, found that Hashmi only had cold, flu and seemed to be suffering from stress.
Published:
Justice Hammada Isa Dashen of the Federal High sitting in Damaturu, Yobe State, on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 granted bail to a former Ex Minister Dr. Audu Bulama, Hon. Mohammed Kadai, Abba Gana Tata, Muhammad Mamu and Hassan Ibn Jaks, for criminal conspiracy to commit Money Laundering to the tune of over N229, 000, 000 (Two Hundred and Twenty Nine Million Naira) only.
Bulama apart from being him Ex Minister, was also the Coordinator, Goodluck Jonathan Campaign Organization. He was arraigned alongside Hon. Muhammad Kadai, a former Commissioner for Integrated and Rural Development in Yobe State and Deputy Coordinator of Goodluck Jonathan campaign Organization, Yobe State; Abba Gana Tata; Muhammad Mamu and Hassan Ibn Jaks.
The Commission is prosecuting the defendants on a-7 count charge for the offence of criminal conspiracy to commit Money Laundering. The defendants conspired to make cash transactions above threshold without going through financial institution. Investigation was conducted by the Commission and facts were established against them.
While ruling on the bail application today, Justice Dashen admitted the defendants to bail in the sum of N 50, 000, 000.00 (Fifty Million Naira) only with two sureties in the sum of N25, 000, 000(Twenty Five Million Naira) in like sum. The sureties who must be Civil Servants not below the rank of a Director are to be residents of Damaturu with landed properties.
All the defendants must submit their International passport to the Registrar and properties of the sureties be verified by the registrar of the court. The case has been adjourned to September 24, 2018 for trial.
Share This
Iranian government says it is ready to establish universities in Nigeria to meet the demands of students seeking higher education in the West African country. Iranian Ambassador to Nigeria, Morteza Rahimi Zarchi said through signing of new deals, the country would be able to open some branches of Iranian universities in Nigeria.
The envoy stated this Thursday while speaking to newsmen in Abuja on the occasion of the 39th anniversary of Islamic Revolution victory in Iran.
His words, “Iranian universities have advanced both qualitatively and quantitatively, and the cost is competitive. These are some of the reasons Iran is targeted by some Nigerians seeking higher education.
“We are very hopeful and confident that through signing of new agreement in the field of developing scientific and educational activities, we are going to expand our cooperation in this field toNigeria very soon.
“In that aspect, we will be able to meet with the demands of Nigerian graduates who are seeking advanced level of education in Iran. If we succeed in signing the agreement, we will be able to open and inaugurate some branches of Iranian universities in Nigeria either in Abuja or other states,” he said.
Zarchi also said Iran is ready to expand bilateral relations with Nigeria in the areas in the areas of oil and gas, construction and housing, saying that negotiations are ongoing in that regard.
“Iran has got plans to expand cooperation with Nigeria. Very recently, there were numerous meeting headed by the Vice President of Iran to expand cooperation with Africa, particularly Nigeria, the biggest economy in the continent. A number of decisions had been taken and this will soon translate from rhetoric to action,” the envoy said.
Lahore
Trade Development Authority of Pakistan (TDAP) will continue to support women entrepreneurs business activities in the country and abroad. Director General TDAP Lahore Mian Riaz Ahmed stated this while talking to a delegation of the Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry (WCCI) Lahore division who called on him at TDAP here on Friday. Falahat Imran, President Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry (WCCI), requested the TDAP to support the WCCI for holding an exhibition in Lahore in future and also requested to organise a delegation of women entrepreneurs to China to give them the business exposure and to help enhance their contribution in the trade development of the country. The DG assured the delegation about the TDAP support and appreciated proactive role they were playing in the economic development of the country. The other delegation members Qaisra Sheikh and Fakhra Hasan apprised the DG about various business issues being faced by women entrepreneurs. With mutual consent of the women entrepreneurs (WEs), the TDAP will support the trade promotional activities of women entrepreneurs, the DG said and hoped that the WEs would successfully excel in domestic and international business markets by exhibiting value added products.—APP
THE jobless 30-year-old American who still lives in his parents' home is scrambling to pack up his mess of a room as eviction day looms.
Michael Rotondo is coming off a whirlwind week of media interviews and a trip to Texas to appear on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones' radio show for $3,000 ($A3960) after the story of his parents suing to evict him went viral.
But now, Rotondo has only two days - Friday at noon - to leave his parents' place in Camillus, New York, which he's called home for the past eight years.
"Looking around my room and stuff, how much more is all this going to take to pack?" Rotondo told Syracuse.com after schlepping to a Lowe's store to buy $30 ($A40) worth of boxes and tape.
He'll keep his belongings - piles of books, crumpled clothing, a computer and a bed, according to a photo of his dishevelled room - in a self-storage unit until he finds a new place to stay.
"There's no more urgency after that," he added. "Everything else is just finding a long-term place."
Rotondo said he's looking for "someplace inexpensive, with internet."
Rotondo's parents' home in Camillus, New York. Picture: WSTM TV
The unemployed father of one has been mooching off his parents, Mark and Christina, for the past eight years and showed no signs of moving out until they sued him earlier this month.
The familial spat garnered international headlines and Rotondo shot to overnight infamy, appearing on Fox News, CNN and even earning a paycheck from Jones last Friday.
A Home Depot employee also offered to pay for Rotondo's moving expenses after he complained he was too broke to fly the coop, but he declined.
"Alex Jones makes money for having me on his show," Rotondo explained.
The woman "does not," he told Syracuse.com.
But with his new-found celebrity have come "harassing" phone calls, Rotondo claimed.
On Monday, someone with a blocked phone number called his cell and muttered, "Loser," before hanging up. Rotondo called 911.
"I can't have my phone getting jammed up with nonsense like that," he said. "I can't have that happen."
Police responded to his complaint that afternoon, but it's unclear what, if any, action was taken.
This article was originally published by the New York Post and is republished with permission.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of coach passengers were horrified when they saw their driver using his mobile phone while on busy motorway.
The driver for a North Wales firm was filmed operating the device during a trip to Croatia.
The vehicle was driving in heavy traffic along an autobahn - a German equivalent of a motorway that has no speed limit on some sections - when the passengers saw what was going on.
It was one of a number of incidents which concerned passenger William Jones - who filmed the driver's actions - during the 10-day trip.
A manager for the Caernarfon-based firm, Arvonia Coaches, said a "thorough internal investigation" had taken place and disciplinary action had been taken.
In one sequence, the coach is seen being driven along a two-lane motorway somewhere in Germany at speeds of over 60mph.
It was raining and the driver, Sean Davies, is seen doing something on the phone.
(Image: DailyPost WS)
Another clip was filmed in the driver's rear view mirror which shows him again using the phone and only glancing up at the road ahead, the Daily Post reports.
Mr Jones, from Llangefni, told the Daily Post: “My wife and I were in the front seats of the coach and on the journey to the Channel Tunnel he was driving very close to other vehicles.
"So close in fact he clipped one small lorry and this was enough to misalign the coach wing mirrors on the driver's side.
“He had to pull off the motorway to reset them and explained to the passengers on the coach, there were 28 of us in all, that it had been the other driver's fault.
(Image: DailyPost WS)
“On the return journey through Germany the coach was in heavy traffic and he used the satnav to find another route. This took us along narrow, country roads and at one point came to a low bridge. The clearance was just four metres and he lowered the bus suspension to get through.
“Other drivers flashed their lights and pointed at the coach and it later became obvious this was because there was a bridge with a weight restriction further on. This was about three tons and the coach was at least 15 tons. That's when I decided to keep a closer eye on him and the manner of his driving.
(Image: DailyPost WS)
“After the channel he appeared to become exasperated by the heavy traffic and was continually raising his hands in frustration.”
Mr Jones said he spoke with the driver about the alleged incidents and showed him some of the footage.
“He said 'I'll have you thrown off the coach'. He was very angry and after returning home I contacted the company and later visited to show then the footage and to voice my concerns about the other incidents.
“I asked for a letter of apology be sent to all those on the trip but we've received nothing,” he said.
Sion Stokes, general manager of Caernarfon-based Arvonia Coaches, said: “I can confirm that Mr Jones did contact us shortly after he returned from his holiday to Croatia in July.
“We immediately conducted a thorough internal investigation utilising all information available to us and subsequently following the results of this investigation appropriate action was taken to address this matter accordingly through our company disciplinary procedures.”
The company said driver Mr Davies was not available for comment.
UP until now, the Prime Minister has been a politician constrained. Left to clean up her predecessor's mess on Brexit and hemmed in by her tiny majority, Theresa May has been quietly plotting a way out of this political straitjacket. By calling a General Election on June 8, she has with one bound, broken free of these constraints and now holds nearly all the aces in comparison with her political opponents.
For a start, May's Conservatives currently enjoy an opinion poll lead of more than 20 points over that of the Labour Party. Moreover, the Prime Minister boasts leadership approval ratings which are miles ahead of the embattled Jeremy Corbyn. Despite promising not to hold an election until 2020, the temptation to smash a disunited Labour Party has proved too great for May to resist. On current projections, Labour could be so routed at the next election that it might even surpass Michael Foot's miserable showing in 1983.
By promising to deliver on Brexit, the Prime Minister is also hoping to destroy the United Kingdom Independence Party (Ukip), which attracted nearly four million voters at the 2015 General Election. Ukip, in turn will be trying to win seats in Labour heartlands in the North, further adding to Labour's woes.
May's early poll decision also has the potential to spike Nicola Sturgeon's guns in Scotland. Sturgeon's call for a second Scottish independence referendum has, up until now, threatened to derail the Government's Brexit strategy. The Prime Minister has gambled that the SNP has peaked north of the Border and that the Scottish Conservatives, under the energising leadership of Ruth Davidson, are capable of winning a handful of seats in the North East of Scotland, in Edinburgh and the Borders. If such a result could be achieved, it might take the sting out of demands for independence.
The only major British political party which may gain out of May's move is the Liberal Democrats. Their great hope is that by identifying strongly as the natural home for ‘Remain' voters, they can improve on the disastrous eight seats which they won at the last election. However, while such a distinctive strategy might win votes, thanks to the cruel, ‘winner-takes-all' nature of the first-past-the-post electoral system, it may not yield many seats, serving only to split the Labour vote.
However, there are two more hidden motivations behind May's decision to call an early election, both of which are ultimately more revealing of the challenges which she faces and which provide a unique insight into how the Prime Minister operates.
Firstly, the police have been investigating alleged over-spending by the Conservative candidates at the last general election in several highly marginal seats. Faced with the potential prospect of having to fight these by-elections, the loss of which might have eaten away at her Government's already fragile majority, May has brushed aside this difficulty by going to the country straight away.
Secondly, the Prime Minister was mindful of the 140 Eurosceptics on her own backbenches, who were pressing her to deliver a so-called ‘hard' Brexit. Theresa May knows that, short of no deal at all, she will never satisfy the demands of her hard-line MPs. However, by calling an early general election, and by winning what she hopes will be a personal mandate from the British people, May hopes to carry enough political authority into the negotiations with the European Union to be able to strike a pragmatic deal with our continental partners.
This episode has also revealed the Prime Minister's love of careful planning in secret. Her method of operating is to consult widely, taking time to mull over decisions, and then to pounce, catching her political opponents off guard. Having adopted this technique during her extended spell at the Home Office, she ruthlessly and unexpectedly dispatched nearly all of David Cameron's allies on becoming Prime Minister last June. It remains to be seen, however, whether May will enjoy the same luxury of time for careful deliberation during the likely pell-mell of the Brexit negotiations.
So what happens now? Today, there will be a long debate and then vote in the House of Commons on a Government motion calling for an early general election. Under the Fixed Term Parliaments Act of 2011, this vote will require a two-thirds majority. If such a margin of victory cannot be obtained, then a motion of no confidence will then have to be called, which May would have to lose deliberately.
However, given that Jeremy Corbyn has already indicated that he supports an early election, it won't come to that. To have turned down the chance to take on the Prime Minister at a general election would have appeared cowardly. Had he done so, Conservative volunteers would have followed Corbyn around dressed as chickens.
The Labour leader is no chicken, but he does lead a party of hapless red hens. The sly Conservative fox is about to be let loose in the Labour hen house. While it is for the voters to decide which way this story ends, for now it seems as if Theresa May's cunning is going to wreak havoc.
Mark Stuart is a political academic from York who has written biographies of John Smith and Douglas Hurd.
The Bank of Montreal joined its peers in delivering second-quarter profits that beat expectations as Canada's Big Five banks earned a collective $10.6 billion — up nearly 11 per cent from a year ago. Canada's biggest banks also handily beat analyst estimates for adjusted profits, brushing off concern about the impact of a cooling real-estate market amid tighter mortgage lending guidelines.
“The market is in various stages of worry about the outlook for the mortgage market in particular, but the results themselves seem to indicate that a lot of that worry is misplaced,” said Meny Grauman, an analyst with Cormark Securities in Toronto. BMO was the last of the biggest banks to report its earnings for three-month period ended April 30 on Wednesday. Its second-quarter net profit of $1.25 billion was relatively flat compared with a year ago, but included a $192-million after-tax restructuring charge primarily related to severance costs. Canada's fourth-largest lender also raised its quarterly dividend to 96 cents per share, up three cents from 93 cents in its previous quarter.
Article Continued Below
BMO said it earned $2.20 per share on an adjusted basis for the quarter, up from $1.92 per share a year ago. Analysts on average had expected the bank to earn $2.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters Eikon. Like its rivals, BMO benefited from strong earnings on both sides of the border. Its Canadian banking arm saw net income rise 11 per cent to $590 million. And although home sales activity across the country in April hit a monthly low not seen in years, due to factors including a new stress test for uninsured mortgages as of Jan. 1 and higher interest rates, BMO's total Canadian residential mortgage portfolio grew by 2.2 per cent to $106.4 billion in the latest quarter. “BMO's results this quarter demonstrate strong performance and momentum in our U.S. and Canadian (personal and commercial) banking and wealth businesses,” said Darryl White, BMO's chief executive officer, in a statement. The other Big Five banks generated strong earnings at home as well. TD's Canadian retail division net income was up 17 per cent compared with last year. RBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a seven per cent increase in net income, while Scotiabank's domestic banking division saw a five per cent increase and CIBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a 16 per cent increase in net income. International growth was a bright spot for the Canadian lenders as well, and a big contributor to the $10.6 billion in net income attributable to shareholders amongst them during the quarter.
BMO on Wednesday said its U.S. personal and commercial banking division saw net income increase 46 per cent to $348 million for the quarter. The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce saw an even bigger increase of 431 per cent, helped by its acquisition of Chicago-based PrivateBancorp in June last year. Profits at TD Bank's U.S. retail arm's rose 16 per cent, while Royal Bank's U.S. Wealth Management unit, which includes Los Angeles-based City National, saw a 25 per cent jump. Scotiabank, which has focused its international expansion in Mexico, Peru, Chile and Colombia, saw net income at its international banking arm increase 14 per cent to $675 million.
Article Continued Below
Canada's sixth-largest bank, National Bank of Canada, also reported better-than-expected results and raised its dividend Wednesday. It earned $547 million or $1.44 per diluted share for the quarter ended April 30, up from $484 million or $1.28 per diluted share in the same quarter last year. “We're seeing a lot of good contribution from their U.S. and international businesses,” said Robert Colangelo, senior vice president of Canadian banking and financial institutions at ratings agency DBRS. “Those seem to be the platforms that are taking off.”
Read more about:
The Spice Girls got back together on Friday for the first time since 2012 and announced plans to explore "incredible new opportunities" in the future.
The British 1990s pop phenomenon -- Victoria Beckham, Melanie Brown, Emma Bunton, Melanie Chisholm and Geri Horner -- reunited at Horner's house north of London, along with their former manager Simon Fuller.
The best-selling female group ever released photographs of the gathering.
"We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together," they said in a statement via their publicist.
"We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls.
"The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.
"We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of feminine empowerment for future generations."
On their social media accounts, Bunton promised the "future is looking spicy", while Horner said Girl Power was "alive and well".
The girl group have sold 85 million albums worldwide.
Only two of their 11 singles failed to reach number one on the British charts, while their first three singles all hit the US top five.
The Sun newspaper reported that they were considering television projects in China, a new TV talent show, endorsement deals and a compilation album celebrating their greatest hits.
The five-piece, which formed in 1994, split in 2000 but reunited for a world tour in 2007-2008.
They got together again to perform at the London 2012 Olympics closing ceremony and were last all in the same room later that year for the launch of the Spice Girls musical "Viva Forever!".
An expected comeback in 2016 with Brown, Bunton and Horner failed to materialise.
A dramatic finish offered Ajax Cape Town a lifeline in their battle against potential relegation from the Absa Premiership as captain Musa Lebusa scored four minutes into stoppage time to see them beat Baroka FC 1-0 at the Athlone Stadium on Wednesday night.
Ajax missed a myriad of late chances after coming alive in the final 10 minutes of a generally limp affair but a series of horrid misses and some sparkling saves from goalkeeper Ayanda Dlamini kept Ajax at bay.
It was not until there were just 60 seconds left that Sirgio Kammies drove forward to set up a chance with Dlamini making an error as he palmed the cross onto the head of Lebusa and effectively handed Ajax three valuable points.
Coach Muhsin Ertugral's troops are now out of the relegation zone although SuperSport United, who are directly below them, play on Wednesday at home to Free State Stars and could yet dump Ajax back down to 15th place if they win.
Ajax were desperate for a victory in their penultimate home game but it looked to be a heartbreaking night for the home side as the goals just did not come.
“I have to say how proud I am of the way we kept fighting,” said coach Ertugral afterwards.
Ajax had plenty of first half possession but for all their passing and prodding, they were not able to conjour up a decent chance in the opening stanza.
Only Yannick Zakri's looping header tested Ayanda Dlamini, who dealt with it by tipping it over the top in the 13th minute.
Zakri always looked dangerous but tried to dribble his way through every situation, avoiding any passing as best he could.
Baroka buzzed, as they always do, and took three long-range shots but never tested Jody February.
Baroka had their first real chance after 70th minutes through Mduduzi Mdantsane and another shot from Talent Chawaphiwa but Ertugral threw on the attackers and in the end laid siege to the Baroka goal.
Lebusa and Zakri missed two sitters but in the end the captain rescued the situation to leave Ajax believing they might yet avoid dropping out of the top flight.
By Justina Paaga, GNA
Sefwi–Amoayo (WR), April 24, GNA - Mr Ignatius Akrawsi Amankwah, District Chief Executive of Bodi in the Western Region has been enstooled as the "Sumpahene" of Sefwi-Amoayo Traditional Area.
The DCE was enstooled last Thursday by Nana Kwasi Bukure II, Chief of Amoayo and Akyeampimhene of Sefwi- Wiawso Traditional Council, during the celebration of the Eluo/ Yam Festival of the chiefs and people of Sefwi-Amoayo.
Nana Bukure II said the DCE was enstooled as Sumpahene due to his commitment to duty and hard work which had gone a long way to enhance the development of the District.
He pledged their support to help the DCE to further develop the District and the Traditional Area.
Mr Amankwah in his acceptance speech thanked the chiefs for the honour done him and promised to continue with the good work he had already started which had brought development to the District.
He urged the youth in the area to lead disciplined and dignified lifestyles since they were the future leaders of the area.
GNA
© Associated Press
Friday on Fox News Channel's Tucker Carlson Tonight, host Tucker Carlson offered his theory as to why the "abolish ICE" movement was picking up steam on the left.According to Carlson, for some Democrats, it is seen as a political winner."Well, with shocking speed, it has become normal on the left to demand the abolition of ICE and the 20,000 agents that work there and enforce the immigration laws," he said."Just a few weeks ago it was only a few activists on the far left calling for this. And then this week on Tuesday, congressional candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez won a Democratic primary against Joe Crowley in New York. She ran on abolishing ICE, and now in a flash, ambitious Democrats are scrambling aboard the bandwagon.""Last night, for example, senator and career opportunist Kirsten Gillibrand in New York says she favors abolishing ICE, the opposite of the opinion from a few years ago," Carlson continued. "Kamala Harris is open to that. Bill de Blasio, the mayor of New York, has also called to abolish ICE as is seven Democrats in the house. This is gaining steam. And yet, no one advocating for this is not thinking even for a moment about the effect of abolishing ICE."Carlson warned such a move would have repercussions. However, he said that many Democrats see the effects of abolishing ICE as a way to introduce new Democratic Party voters into the electorate."What will happen when word gets out that nobody in any country on the globe has anything to fear from our immigration authorities?" Carlson asked. "If you can make it past our Border Patrol and get a tourist visa, you overstay and never be deported. Once people know that, how many people will move here illegally every year? A million? Five million? Ten million? Who knows? How many might be criminals or extremists or future welfare dependents? We don't know that either. But we know it won't be long if that happens for dozens of U.S. cities to look like what Tijuana looks like right now.""None of these anti-ICE lawmakers are not asking any of these questions," he added. "They don't care about the answers because they're irrelevant.The people demanding the abolition of ICE are not looking out for those. Ordinary Americans don't want ICE abolished. Even 60 percent of the Democrats don't want ICE abolished. It's a radical position, but it's the new normal on the left."
Karachi
The 6th UBL Literary Awards 2016 were held at the Beach Luxury Hotel in Karachi on Saturday, 11 February 2017. The awards were held in conjunction with the 8th Karachi Literature Festival. Celebrating the literary efforts of Pakistani writers, UBL, Pakistan's Best Bank 2016, held these awards for the sixth year running.
Acclaimed Urdu writer, Mushtaq Ahmad Yousufi graced the event with his presence. Mr. Yousufi is recipient of the ‘Sitara-e-Imtiaz' (1999) and ‘Hilal-e-Imtiaz' (2002), the highest literary honours, by the Government of Pakistan, for his celebrated literary works. He has also been a former President of UBL, (1974-76) and has been awarded the ‘Quaid-e-Azam Memorial Medal' for his distinguished services in Banking. Over 160 entries were received as nominations for the seven categories of the awards.
The books, which were written by Pakistani authors and published in Pakistan in 2015, were shortlisted by an esteemed panel of judges which included the likes of Dr. Asghar Nadeem Syed, Dr. Asif Farrukhi, Ghazi Salahuddin, Dr. Arfa Syeda, Kishwar Naheed, Dr. Anwaar Ahmad and Masood Ashar.—PR
In Ontario, former PC leader Patrick Brown morphed from premier-in-waiting to a political pariah over sexual misconduct allegations faster than it usually took him to down a Red Bull.
Ontario Progressive Conservatives are likely looking west to Saskatchewan and wishing they could run a leadership transition half so well.
Until, that is, the last week or so.
Not a jurisdiction to envy much, really.
For many Ontarians, Saskatchewan is — if they think of it at all — that stretch to drive through or fly over. Territorially linear. Historically insular. Billiard-table flat.
“Cringe-worthy doesn't even describe it. It's almost gut-wrenching to watch.”
“Gosh, I cringe at watching what's going on in your part of the world,” Prof. Greg Poelzer, a professor at the University of Saskatchewan, told the Star.
The ensuing gong show has lured blustering Doug Ford into the fray, and the weeks between now and the Ontario election in June promise shambolic politics in a party once synonymous with sure-handed competence.
Out west, for its part, the governing Saskatchewan Party managed last weekend to choose a new premier to succeed outgoing leader Brad Wall with a five-ballot vote so decorous the rest of the country hardly noticed and is likely hard-pressed to remember the new chap's name.
It's Scott Moe.
Not that it mattered a great deal, perhaps, which of those battling to succeed Wall won the leadership, said Ken Rasmussen, a public policy professor at the University of Regina.
“It was made abundantly clear by all the candidates that they were all going to be mini-Brad,” he said in an interview.
“It's Brad Wall-lite, none of them ever dared say they were going to break with any of his policies, including the policy of austerity and budget cuts.”
Wall, much like Brown in Ontario (who first held elected office at 22), had political ambitions early, announcing to university roommates at age 18 that he intended to be premier.
Unlike Brown, Wall was able to leave on his own timetable, under his own terms, having enjoyed a decade-long run in which, for much of it, he was the most popular provincial leader in Canada.
“Remember the questions we used to ask?” he said in announcing his resignation in August 2017.
Could Saskatchewan's population top — and stay above — one million? Could young people find a future at home? Could the province become a job creator?
“We don't ask those questions anymore,” he said.
Poelzer said he'd give Wall a grade of “A or an A-” for his decade in power.
A few controversies in recent years tarnished him a bit, Poelzer said, and he created an unnecessarily hostile relationship with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's federal Liberal government.
“I anticipate we'll have a better one with the new premier,” he said.
But for all that, Saskatchewan “got to enjoy a premier that was a once-in-a-generation politician. Unbelievably charismatic and he commanded a presence on the national stage far greater than the 3 per cent of Canada's population that Saskatchewan constitutes.”
Above all, Poelzer said, Wall transformed a provincial inferiority complex as a perpetual “have-not province that felt like the poor cousin of Alberta.
“That's changed. We think of ourselves as a have province. We think of ourselves as a player in Confederation.”
Whether the boom decade in Saskatchewan was due to anything Wall did by way of police, or just the booming market for the province's oil and potash resources, remains, however, a subject for debate.
“He claims credit for it,” said Rasmussen. “But it was all due to international markets and nothing to do with anything that he had control over.”
And the bump in provincial population to almost 1.2 million is not necessary permanent, Rasmussen said.
Over the last decade, “Saskatchewan was getting its fair share of immigrants,” he said. “But people don't stay here unless there are jobs. It's not a destination where people say, ‘Wow, what a great opportunity to live in Saskatchewan!'
“It's more like, ‘Well, there are jobs there, I'll go there.' As soon as that evaporates, they leave for another part of Canada.”
Wall, Rasmussen agreed, was able to leave while “still quite popular in the province.” But his austerity budget last year and “some mean-spirited decisions” had begun to dim the glow.
Without French, there wasn't much prospect that Wall harboured serious federal ambitions, Rasmussen said. “And he's a pretty regional guy. Frankly, I don't think his act would travel.”
Still, there's no question that, in an era of fairly drab and fleeting personalities as provincial leaders, Wall had personality and staying power.
At federal-provincial gatherings, he was a happy-to-talk, Green Rider-lovin' rock 'n' roll buff from Swift Current disinclined to hide his light under a bushel.
When Ontario was struggling through recession and the deep dive in the auto sector, Wall showed up at job fairs recruiting workers to the west. He'd do the same in Calgary, after the election of an NDP government in Alberta, to ask oil companies to relocate.
“It was partly his trademark, the plucky underdog kind of thing,” Rasmussen said. “He liked to tweak the nose of the bigger provinces, let them know we're not just a flyover province, you better take us seriously, that kind of thing.”
To be sure, Wall didn't shy from a political scrap, even if, in his later years, he seemed to pick fights merely to amuse himself — some gratuitous (such as a banning of Alberta licence plates at Saskatchewan job sites); some uncharitable (as in his inhospitality to Syrian refugees).
After reaching the premier's office in Regina in 2007, Wall frequently called himself “the luckiest guy in Canada.” In announcing his resignation, he said he always figured the 10-year mark as premier would be the right time to leave.
And so he has, his aims safely handed on to a like-minded and dutiful successor.
In Ontario, boggling Tory minds must marvel at the smooth western wonder of it all.
A Leeds community has launched a fundraising campaign to pay for life-changing surgery to give a brave little girl the chance to be able to walk unaided.
Coopa Ellis-Adams was diagnosed with cerebral palsy when she was 18-months old and requires the use of a wheelchair or walking frame as the condition mainly affects her legs.
27 December 2016....... Coopa Ellis-Adams, 5, with parents Wayne and Louisa at home in Hunslet. The family is hoping to raise �35,000 for an operation at the LGI for her to be able to walk unaided after she was diagnosed with cerebral palsy. Presently she requires the use of a wheelchair or walking frame as the condition mainly affects her legs. Picture Tony Johnson.
Medics at Leeds General Infirmary have assessed her as suitable for an operation which could change her life forever.
However, funding for the surgery is not available on the NHS.
Coopa's family and friends have begun a campaign to raise the £35,000 needed to pay for the operation and cover the cost of intensive physiotherapy which she will then need.
Her mum Louisa told the Yorkshire Evening Post: “This operation would change her whole world.
If the operation is successful and Coopa works hard at the physiotherapy afterwards there is nothing to say that she won't be able to walk on her own. Coopa's mother Louisa
“Coopa is a very clever girl and is developing well at school. She doesn't let her condition stop her from doing most things other children do.
“At the moment she has to use the walking frame or wheelchair and it sometimes gets to her because she just wants to run around and play with all her other friends.”
For the past three years Coopa's treatment has involved physiotherapy, medication and Botox injections to try and relax her muscles in her legs but without much success.
Louisa and dad Wayne took Coopa for a four-hour assessment at Leeds General Infirmary where they were told their daughter could benefit from the operation, called selective dorsal rhizotomy.
27 December 2016....... Coopa Ellis-Adams, 5, at home in Hunslet. The family is hoping to raise �35,000 for an operation at the LGI for her to be able to walk unaided after she was diagnosed with cerebral palsy. Presently she requires the use of a wheelchair or walking frame as the condition mainly affects her legs. Picture Tony Johnson.
The procedure helps children with stiffness in their legs due to cerebral palsy.
It involves cutting a number of sensory nerves in the lower spine.
Paediatric neurosurgeon Mr John Goodden is set to carry out the operation, having studied the technique in the USA, subject to Coopa's family raising the required funding.
Louisa added: “If the operation is successful and Coopa works hard at the physiotherapy afterwards there is nothing to say that she won't be able to walk on her own. We have had a lot of support and donations already and hope to have raised enough so Coopa can have the operation by autumn next year.”
Around £6,000 has so far been raised in the three weeks since the appeal to help Coopa was launched.
Louisa added: “The generosity and support people have shown so far has been fantastic and there are plenty more events planned.”
Hunslet Old Boys are to stage a charity match at the Hunslet Club to raise funds for the appeal on February 25.
Coopa's family welcome any donations or other fundraising ideas.
Visit https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/louisa-ellis
Selective dorsal rhizotomy (SDR) is a surgical procedure that can help children with severe muscle spasticity in their legs to improve their walking.
It's usually only recommended if other treatments for muscle stiffness have failed.
The operation involves cutting some of the nerves in the lower spinal column, which can help relieve leg stiffness.
However, extensive physiotherapy lasting several months will be needed after the operation.
The operation is not currently available on the NHS.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with president of the European Council Donald Tusk. Photo: AP/Manish Swarup
New Delhi: The European Union (EU) on Friday urged India to conclude a broad-based bilateral free trade pact but data protection issues remain one of the main stumbling blocks on the road to finalising the deal.
The EU stressed that New Delhi's standards of data protection have to be compliant with European levels before India could be certified as data-secure.
In New Delhi at their 14th annual summit, India and the EU pledged closer cooperation in areas ranging from counter-terrorism—i.e. cutting flows of funds to terrorists and terrorist organisations—to maritime security and piracy as well as clean energy and climate change. There was also convergence on increasing cooperation in developing smart cities and upgrading urban infrastructure besides science and technology.
The European Investment Bank (EIB) announced funding for two projects.
The EIB said it would provide €500 million to the Bangalore Metro Rail Corp. Ltd for the purchase of train cars and the construction of metro stations—one of the largest EIB loans to India as well as “the largest-ever support to sustainable transport outside of Europe,” an EIB statement said.
A second EIB statement said the lending institution had also agreed to a new partnership with the India-proposed International Solar Alliance “to mobilise finance to develop and deploy affordable solar energy in solar rich countries”.
“The EIB also confirmed plans to provide a record €800 million for renewable energy investment across India,” the second EIB statement said.
But the differences between the two sides came to the fore on issues of trade and investment.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his comments, acknowledged the EU as India's “largest trade partner for a long time” and as one of its “largest sources of foreign direct investment”.
Though he referred to the EU and India as “the world's largest democracies” who shared “the vision of a multi-polar, rules-based international order,” he did not refer to the free trade pact under negotiation since 2007. The pact is known as the Bilateral Trade and Investment Agreement (BTIA).
However Donald Tusk, president of the European Council, in his remarks to reporters at the end of the summit level talks stressed that “free and fair trade agreements were not only economically important” for common citizens' prosperity, “they strengthen and defend the rules-based international order and our way of life.”
“Democracies of the world can be the ones to set ambitious global standards but only if we cooperate,” Tusk said adding that he was confident India and the EU could come together for “this ambitious and strategic cause.”
In his remarks, Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, noted that India and the EU represent the “loudest voices for free and fair trade.”
“With this in mind, I believe it is time for a free trade agreement between India and the EU.. today's summit is an important step in the right direction and our chief negotiators will sit down for talks in the coming days to chart a way forward.”
On India's demand that it be declared a data-secure country as part of the BTIA, Juncker said he had stressed the need for both sides to agree to high standards of data protection. Indian software service providers have specialised in offering back office and information technology (IT) services to European companies. The jobs that go with this depend on the exchange of data, he said —referring to Indian companies accessing data from Europe as part of IT services rendered to European firms.
“If India's standards of data protection are converging with that of the European Union, the European Union will be able to recognise adequacy of India's goods. This is a precondition to exchange personal data surely and securely,” he said—an allusion to Europe demanding a firm assurance from the Indian government that any data accessed by Indian firms would be secure and not exposed in public.
Negotiations on the India-EU free trade agreement started back in 2007, with 16 rounds of talks held since then. The last round was held in 2013, after which negotiations were suspended. Both sides have explored restarting negotiations after the Narendra Modi government assumed power in May 2014 but Brexit uncertainties and inflexibility on both sides have prevented resumption of formal talks.
An area resident checks out a Naloxone anti-overdose kit he was given Monday at a pop-up safe-injection site opened by harm reduction workers in Moss Park over the weekend. Toronto Public Health plans to open an interim safe-injection site within days. Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo A man prepares heroin he bought on the street to be injected at the Insite safe injection clinic in Vancouver. Toronto is set to open an interim safe injection site in the city later this week. ( Darryl Dyck / ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE PHOTO )
After an unsanctioned safe injection site opened in a downtown park over the weekend, Toronto Public Health has announced it will open an interim site where people can shoot their drugs in a safe environment. “What we're looking at is interim supervised injection sites located at the sites in the city for which (federal) exemptions have already been provided,” Dr. Eileen de Villa, the city's Medical Officer of Health, said Monday. “We want to make sure that we're providing these interim supervised injection services in a manner that's safe for the clients and of course for our staff.” She suggested the interim site could be operating in “several days” and will not be as “sizeable or substantive” as the permanent sites. The interim site will be at Toronto Public Health's downtown office. Future permanent sites are planned for South Riverdale Community Health Centre and Parkdale Queen West Community Health Centre. The federal health minister granted exemptions for these locations from the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act, allowing them to operate legally.
Article Continued Below
Supervised injection services provide a safe and hygienic environment for people to inject pre-obtained drugs under the supervision of qualified staff. The permanent sites aren't scheduled to open until the fall. That wasn't good enough for harm reduction workers, weary of what they believe is government inaction in the face of an epidemic of opioid overdoses.
Over the weekend, the workers set up a tent in Moss Park, between Jarvis and Sherbourne Sts., stocked with overdose prevention kits and staffed with a registered nurse, outreach workers and overdose prevention trainers. Zoe Dodd, a frontline harm reduction worker, was back at Moss Park on Monday afternoon while fellow volunteers helped erect two new white tents. She applauded Toronto Public Health's announcement, but said members of the Harm Reduction Alliance will continue to operate the makeshift site at least until Monday. She said the three proposed permanent sites will not be enough. “This is a massive city. Drug use is all over the city.” Twenty four people used the site on Sunday and workers saved the life of one person who overdosed in the tent, Dodd said. “He went down very fast and if we were not here by the time paramedics might have arrived ... he may not have had vital signs.” Funds for supplies are being raised in a GoFundMe campaign, that has so far raised $11,000. Toronto police made a decision not to arrest anyone at the site after acting Supt. Henry Kuck met with the site's organizers, Toronto Police spokesman Mark Pugash said Monday. The harm reduction workers agreed the site would only operate between 4 and 10 p.m. and the tent would remain fully enclosed and private, he said. The workers also assured Kuck a registered nurse or nurse practitioner would be inside the tent when drugs were being injected and that 911 would be called if anyone overdosed. A police uniform presence was maintained in the general park for regular patrols. “We have no plans to change our position, which I think people saw over the weekend,” Pugash said. Toronto Public Health's website says research has shown that supervised injection services reduce drug overdoses and limit the spread of blood-borne infections such as HIV and hepatitis C. In July 2016, Toronto Board of Health and city council approved the three sites for Toronto.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage former contestant on Britain's Got Talent will be among the performers at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, it was confirmed.
Cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason today revealed Meghan had called him personally to ask him to play on the couple's big day.
The 19-year-old competed alongside his siblings on the show in 2015, and the following year was named the BBC Young Musician of the Year.
He posted on Twitter after the news broke: "I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding.
"I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes!!! What a privilege. I can't wait!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: PA)
Sheku will be joined by Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, who have been performing all over the world for 20 years.
Karen is a judge on Gareth Malone show The Choir.
(Image: PA)
She said: "The Kingdom Choir is truly honoured to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms. Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment. It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union."
Music will be overseen by James Vivian, Director of Music at St George's Chapel, where the ceremony will be held.
Welsh soprano Elin Manahan Thomas will also perform, as will trumpet player David Blackadder.
The musicians were announced on the Kensington Palace Twitter feed today.
The couple will marry on May 19 at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle.
“Just out of nowhere, the defendant and his friend came there and beat me. The 24-year-old Emirati took out a baseball bat and hit me on my face. I fell unconscious and only regained consciousness in the ambulance when I was being taken to hospital. I reported the matter to the police and informed them that them about the accused, his absconding friend [one who assaulted me] and the fight which I had three years ago,” the officer told prosecutors.
SAN ANTONIO — Freshman Jhivvan Jackson came off the bench to hit four 3-pointers and score 22, Keaton Wallace added 11 points, eight rebounds and four assists and UT San Antonio shocked Western Kentucky 74-63 on Saturday.
The Roadrunners (13-11, 6-5 Conference USA) knocked down 8 of 23 shots from 3-point range (35 per cent), while holding the Hilltoppers (16-7, 8-2) to 2 of 20 from distance. UT San Antonio made 16 of 20 from the foul line, while Western Kentucky connected on just 17 of 30 attempts (57 per cent). The Roadrunners have won three straight.
Taveion Hollingsworth scored 21 on 8-of-13 shooting for the Hilltoppers, while Justin Johnson had 13 points and 13 rebounds for his eighth double-double of the season.
Jackson had three 3-pointers in a game-opening 17-5 run and the Roadrunners never looked back in the wire-to-wire win.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fresh from being an awful human being in 2016, Katie Hopkins seems to be striving to even greater lengths to ensure she goes down in history as one of the most despicable TV personalities ever.
Because the Apprentice loser caused even more jaws to drop today by publicly endorsing a message tweeted by what appears to be a Nazi account.
The Twitter account – literally called AntiJuden with two little SS symbols and a swastika in its profile picture – had tweeted a link to Katie's earlier interview on LBC radio, in which she'd said racial profiling was a "good thing".
Along with the link, it had written: "Now that is the way it should be told."
(Photo: Twitter/@KTHopkins)
Katie promptly retweeted the message and left it on her account, despite a flood of shocked replies from people wondering if she'd done it accidentally.
It comes as the 41-year-old ruled herself out of Celebrity Big Brother 2017 after rumours circulated about the line-up.
She tweeted: "Go into no star CBB ...when a 5-star President is about to take control of the White House? I don't think so my little furry friends."
(Photo: Twitter/@KTHopkins)
Some speculated that it was because Channel 5 bosses hadn't asked her back, rather than because she had taken the decision herself, after an unsuccessful stint in January 2016.
Meanwhile, Katie was recently forced to apologise to a Muslim family after implying two brothers had links to Al Qaeda in her newspaper column.
She buried the apology - which came with £150,000 in libel damages - in a 2am tweet, which lots of her followers then retweeted later that same day to spread the message.
Later, Katie deleted the retweet, telling her followers: "To be fair, I didn't look at the Twitter handle. I have pulled the retweet."
She did not apologise for the message.
A senior Japanese government spokesman said Abe and Trump did not discuss currency issues and that Trump did not request a bilateral trade deal.
The US currency also found broad support from comments by Trump on Thursday that he planned to announce an ambitious tax reform plan in the next few weeks, rekindling hopes for big tax cuts. The dollar index was firm at 100.820.
Is the 4-4-2 formation becoming extinct?
The 4-4-2 formation has travelled across continents and is now nearing its expiry date.
Arrigo Sacchi's 4-4-2 was wildly successful
The history of 4-4-2
Just like life, football evolves and develops over the years. Futile systems are overcome by better versions which exploit their predecessors' weaknesses. Something similar in nature is happening to the 4-4-2 formation.
Arguably originating in the 1960s in Hungary, this formation was a mainstay in European football in the late 20th century. It was particularly in vogue in England as Liverpool, Nottingham Forest and Aston Villa all used it to prevail in Europe. However, the 4-4-2 stood out the most in Milan under Arrigo Sacchi.
Sacchi's version of 4-4-2 was unprecedented, an attacking version he used to great effect at AC Milan in the late 1980s. He was the pioneer of zonal marking which he integrated into his system. He demanded a maximum gap of 25 metres between the centre-back and the centre-forward which required a tremendously high defensive line.
Such intense pressing was perhaps possible due to the old offside rule, which makes it less feasible in the current scenario. However, the 4-4-2 was popular nonetheless until the turn of the century spurred a change of ideology.
Substituting the 4-4-2
Especially in Spain, the classical 4-4-2 was ditched in favour of a more flexible 4-2-3-1. One of the centre-forwards dropped deeper, enabling the two wingers to push further ahead. This change enabled more men in midfield and negated the problem where the second forward was rendered useless when not in possession.
Juanma Lillo who was at Real Sociedad at the time is credited as the proponent of the formation. It gained traction soon after. Javier Irureta won the league with it at Deportivo la Coruna. Then John Toshack implemented it at Real Madrid.
Juanmo Lillo initiated the deviation from the 4-4-2
Subsequently, it surfaced in England as well. Now obviously the process did not have a definite turning point but Real Madrid's visit to Manchester United in 2000 can be qualified as one.
Both the teams lined up in a 4-2-3-1 with Dwight Yorke dropping as a 'number 10' and Andy Cole as the main striker. Raul and Fernando Morientes were in the corresponding positions for Real Madrid.
Another blow to the 4-4-2 was the 2010 World Cup. One match, in particular, demonstrated the weakness of the formation adeptly. England used Wayne Rooney and Jermaine Defoe in a front duo whereas Germany lined up with a more fluid quartet of Lukas Podolski, Thomas Muller, Mesut Ozil and Miroslav Klose.
Germany emphatically won the game and the tournament, in particular, was brutal to the 4-4-2. Champions Spain played with no striker at times, let alone two and their midfield dominance paid off spectacularly.
In hindsight, the question arises that how did the 4-4-2 manager to remain relevant for such a long time? Well, aside from Sacchi's version it has always been regarded as a defensive formation. The two men in midfield are easily dominated and more often than not possession is conceded.
As the team retreats, the gap between the strikers and the midfield four lengthens and as a result, their impact ceases. So one of them was pulled inside to keep the balance. Furthermore, both the central midfielders in the 4-4-2 needed to be all-action players, heavily contributing on both sides of the pitch. Like the Steven Gerrards and the Yaya Toures.
However, those players are rare and currently two types of midfielders form the duo/trio; one is a defensive linchpin and the other is a creative player who provides the balance. The 4-3-3 is yet another variation, but one which is closer to the 4-2-3-1 in the sense that the midfield dominance is maintained.
Pass to the flanks, cross, repeat. This approach, once commonplace, has definitely waned in favour of more buildup play. As a result, the need of two strikers diminished further, taking the gloss off the 4-4-2.
Now a pressing 4-4-2 with a high line has been implemented, but that needs specific players for the roles and the new offside rule does not help the cause. So, more often than not the two banks of four stick closely and as a result retreat towards their goal. The gap between the lines cannot be increased, as it can be exploited ruthlessly by opposing attackers.
The three-man defence has also accelerated the decline of the 4-4-2. Marking the two strikers is relatively comfortable for the three centre-backs and they gain an extra man in midfield, particularly in the 3-5-2.
Conclusion
Zidane has used a diamond in a 4-4-2 at Real Madrid
The 4-4-2 is not totally defunct as of now. Numerous variations come to mind. Lionel Messi's genius has enabled Barcelona to reap rewards while Zinedine Zidane's diamond midfield at Real Madrid has not been bad either. Leicester City mastered the counter-attacking 4-4-2 in their shock league win, not unlike Bayern Munich in 2013 when they destroyed Barcelona.
However, these examples are far and few in between and they are variations to suit the personnel. The rigid 4-4-2 has receded into the background in recent times. Formations which are more fluid and flexible have developed which have capitalized on the flaws in the 4-4-2.
It is still seen, especially in the lower leagues, however, its surrender is clear. There used to be something aesthetically pleasing about how the coordinated banks of four operated. How one striker could subconsciously know where his partner was. How the relentless crossing was devoured by the big men. Alas.
Come on you managers! Make the 4-4-2 great again.
What's your take on 4-4-2? Do you think it should be boycotted completely? Or do you think it still has some scope in modern football? Tell us in your comments below!
Brigadier Khalid Nasser Al Razooqi, General Director of Smart Services at Dubai Police, said the Dubai Police app is proving to be popular among users. “The total numer of transactions processed through the smart app in 2016 were 415,276 compared to 339,227 in 2015. Motorists and other users paid Dh57.8 million through the application last year compared to Dh34.6 million in 2015,” Brigadier Al Razooqi said.
He said a total of 14,663 minor accidents were reported by the residents through the smart app last year. Brigadier Al Razoooqi said a new service called a smart camera for blind people has been added to the app. “The camera records the environment around the blind person and after analysing the pictures the blind person is guided through the voice over." He said the built-in map in the app can guide a person to the nearest hospitals and police stations. Dubai Police called on the public to take advantage of these services which saves time and efforts. Pay fines at post offices Emirates Post on Monday announced that all post offices are accepting payment for traffic fines issued by Dubai Police, following the signing of an agreement between Dubai Police and Wall Street Exchange. “The launch of this service is in line with the group's strategy of delivering multiple services under one roof through the postal network, thus saving the time and effort of individuals as well as business customers,” said Abdulla Mohammed Alashram, Acting CEO of Emirates Post Group. Sultan Al Mahmoud, Acting Managing Director of Wall Street Exchange, expressed his pleasure over the introduction of the traffic fines payment service through Emirates Post Offices, thus offering an additional channel of payment for customers. More from Government Mohammad launches 10x pro-innovation initiative
Mohammad launches new accelerator initiative
Mohammad honours Togo
Winners of SDG workshops announced
Honesdale scored
14 straight points in the second half to pull ahead for a 50-39 win over No. 7 Carbondale Area in the championship game of the Jerry Finan Memorial Tournament on Monday.
Tournament MVP Anthony DeGori scored
16 points for the fifth-ranked Hornets and Colin Rickard had 11.
Bobby Salitsky and Mike Zazzera each scored 13 points for the Chargers.
Honesdale (2-1) — A. DeGori 7 0-0 16, C. Rickard 5 0-1 11, J. Scarfalloto 5 0-2 10, G. Barnes 2 0-0 4, W. Howell 1 1-2 3, C. Cespedes 1 0-0 2, J. LoBasso 1 0-0 2, N. Pender 1 0-0 2. Totals: 23 1-5 50.
Carbondale Area (2-1) — B. Salitsky 6 0-0 13, M. Zazzera 4 5-5 13, K. Durkin 2 0-0 5, P. Durkin 0 4-4 4, B. Rumford 1 0-2 2, A. Manarchuck 1 0-0 2, A. Rossetti 0 0-0 0, A. Bucklaw 0 0-0 0, A. Larson 0 0-0 0, J. Herbert 0 0-0 0. Totals: 14 9-11 39.
Honesdale 15 9 14 12 — 50
Carbondale Area 12 14 9 4 — 39
3-point goals: A. DeGori (HON) 2, C. Rickard (HON), K. Durkin (CAR), B. Salitsky (CAR).
West Scranton 76
Forest City 36
At Carbondale, Josh Hart scored 20 points to lead West Scranton in the consolation game of the Jerry Finan Memorial Tournament.
Shayne Merrifield added 14 points for the Invaders.
Jordan Non scored 10 points for Forest City.
West Scranton (1-1) — J. Hart 9 2-4 20, S. Merrifield 5 4-4 14, J. Gregory 5 2-3 12, R. Mangan 4 0-0 9, P. Davis 2 0-0 4, G. Salmond 2 0-0 4, J. Medici 1 1-2 3, J. Fendrick 1 0-0 2, C. Merrifield 1 0-0 2, N. Forsette 1 0-0 2, L. Fernandez 1 0-0 2, F. Liggins 1 0-0 2. Totals: 33 9-13 76.
Forest City (0-3) — Jo. Non 3 4-6 10, B. Keller 2 0-0 6, J. D'Antuno 2 0-0 6, C. Daniels 1 0-0 3, T. Clift 1 1-2 3, Je. Non 1 0-2 2, W. Burleigh 0 2-2 2, J. Lipko 1 0-0 2, Zuhosky 1 0-0 2, R. Sassani 0 0-0 0, E. Paulin 0 0-0 0. Totals: 12 7-12 36.
West Scranton 16 26 20 14 — 76
Forest City 11 7 10 8 — 36
3-point goals: R. Mangan (WS), B. Keller (FC) 2, J. D'Antuno (FC) 2, C. Daniels (FC). All tournament team: Jordan Non (FC), Shayne Merrifield (WS), Bobby Salitsky (CAR), Mike Zazzera (CAR), Colin Rickard (HON). MVP: Anthony DeGori (HON).
Valley View 37, Mid Valley 30
At Valley View, Marc Kudrich scored 13 points and Dixon Black had 10 points and 10 rebounds to lead the eighth-ranked Cougars.
Colin Hazelton scored 14 points for Mid Valley.
Mid Valley (1-1) — C. Hazelton 6 1-2 14, S. Rosencrans 3 1-2 9, C. Scherer 2 0-0 4, V. Talluto 1 0-0 3, M. Miller 0 0-2 0, T. O'Connor 0 0-0 0, J. Glinsky 0 0-0 0, B. Kucharski 0 0-0 0. Totals: 12 2-6 30.
Valley View (2-0) — M. Kudrich 6 0-0 13, D. Black 4 2-3 10, D. Howanitz 3 0-1 7, J. Duplessis 1 0-0 3, B. Craig 1 0-1 2, C. Combs 1 0-0 2, N. Smith 0 0-0 0, N. Tomassoni 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 2-5 37.
Mid Valley 9 4 4 13 — 30
Valley View 6 12 9 10 — 37
3-point goals: S. Rosencrans (MV) 2, C. Hazelton (MV), V. Talluto (MV), D. Howanitz (VV), J. Duplessis (VV), M. Kudrich (VV).
North Pocono 63
Blue Ridge 42
At North Pocono, the Trojans opened the game on a 20-0 run to cruise to a win.
Joe Thiel and Anthony Kosiba each scored 16 points for the winners.
Sam Cosmello had
17 points for Blue Ridge.
Blue Ridge (0-3) — S. Cosmello 7 1-2 17, C. Randall 2 0-0 5, K. Folk 2 0-1 4, B. Gumaer 2 0-1 4, C. Koehler 1 0-0 3, M. Velez 1 1-1 3, G. Waldowski 1 0-0 2, T. Hillard 1 0-0 2, A. Stilloe 1 0-0 2, B. Bleck 0 0-0 0, G. Bradley 0 0-0 0. Totals: 18 2-5 42.
North Pocono (1-1) — J. Thiel 8 0-3 16, A. Kosiba 6 2-3 16, Z. Walsh 3 0-0 7, R. Deom 2 2-2 6, C. McLafferty 2 0-0 5, R. VanBrunt 2 1-2 5, D. Maglio 0 2-2 2, E. Olenchak 0 2-2 2, A. Ciaglia 1 0-1 2, K. Betti 1 0-0 2, M. Scutt 0 0-0 0, S. Perna 0 0-0 0, M. Domanish 0 0-0 0. Totals: 25 9-15 63.
Blue Ridge 3 14 13 12 — 42
North Pocono 21 15 15 12 — 63
3-point goals: S. Cosmello (BR) 2, C. Randall (BR), C. Koehler (BR), A. Kosiba (NP) 2, Z. Walsh (NP), C. McLafferty (NP). JV: North Pocono, 52-50 (NP: Domanish 14; BR: Hillard 14).
Riverside 51, Susquehanna 47
At Susquehanna, Evan Carrubba scored 20 points to lead Riverside.
Mason Deakin had
17 points for Susquehanna.
Riverside (1-1) — E. Carrubba 4 11-18 20, M. Antoniacci 2 5-6 9, M. Rickert 3 0-0 7, M. Echeverria 3 1-1 7, J. Holman 2 0-0 4, R. Reyes 2 0-0 4, B. Thiel 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 17-25 51.
Susquehanna (1-2) — M. Deakin 5 6-8 17, B. Baldwin 4 0-0 9, E. Lee 4 0-0 8, A. Rockwell 3 0-0 6, C. Stone 1 2-2 5, B. Blodgett 1 0-0 2, T. Craig 0 0-0 0, A. McHugh 0 0-0 0. Totals: 18 8-10 47.
Riverside 12 4 18 17 — 51
Susquehanna 7 11 14 15 — 47
3-point goals: E. Carrubba (RIV), M. Rickert (RIV), C. Stone (SUS), M. Deakin (SUS), B. Baldwin (SUS). JV: Riverside, 48-32 (RIV: Meredick 13; SUS: Baker 14).
Abington Heights 77
Wyoming Valley West 55
At Kingston, George Tinsley scored 25 points to lead No. 1 Abington Heights.
Jackson Danzig had 20 points for the Comets and Trey Koehler added 19.
Abington Heights (2-0) — G. Tinsley 11 3-5 25, J. Danzig 8 0-1 20, T. Koehler 7 4-4 19, H. Johnson 2 2-2 6, C. Perkins 1 0-0 3, M. Malone 1 0-0 2, J. Nealon 1 0-0 2, D. Nealon 0 0-0 0, A. Demkowich 0 0-0 0, T. Schimelfenig 0 0-0 0, A. Keris 0 0-0 0, A. Derry 0 0-0 0, G. Plantz 0 0-0 0. Totals: 31 9-12 77.
Wyoming Valley West (1-1) — D. Ruff 11 5-6 29, J. Simpson 5 1-1 14, M. Mendygral 3 0-0 9, R. Hamad 1 0-0 2, I. Sosa 0 1-2 1, A. Sinkewicz 0 0-0 0, M. Stoodly 0 0-0 0, B. Kennedy 0 0-1 0, D. Gonzalez 0 0-0 0, D. Davis 0 0-0 0, S. Solomon 0 0-0 0, C. Adams 0 0-0 0. Totals: 20 7-10 55.
Abington Heights 14 24 26 13 — 77
Wyoming Valley West 15 8 14 18 — 55
3-point goals: J. Danzig (AH) 4, T. Koehler (AH), C. Perkins (AH), M. Mendygral (WVW) 3, J. Simpson (WVW) 3, D. Ruff (WVW) 2.
Holy Cross 65
Pittston Area 59
At Holy Cross, Tyler Mozeleski scored 10 points in the second quarter as the fourth-ranked Crusaders erased a 10-point deficit.
Patrick Galvin led Holy Cross with 17 points and Caleb Callejas and Mozeleski each scored 16.
Alex McAndrew scored 14 points for Pittston Area.
Pittston Area (0-2) — A. McAndrew 3 8-10 14, M. McGlynn 3 0-1 9, K. Woodruff 4 1-2 9, B. Miller 4 0-0 8, A. Krawczyk 2 2-3 7, N. Guillauame 2 2-2 7, B. Higgins 1 3-6 5, K. Zaffuto 0 0-0 0, T. Tigue 0 0-0 0, S. Leak 0 0-0 0, L. Booth 0 0-0 0, S. Stevens 0 0-0 0. Totals: 19 16-24 59.
Holy Cross (1-1) — P. Galvin 6 5-7 17, C. Callejas 2 10-12 16, T. Mozeleski 5 5-7 16, K. Burrier 2 7-8 11, T. Montefour 1 1-2 3, L. O'Connor 0 2-2 2, A. Norella 0 0-0 0, D. Dougherty 0 0-0 0, A. Calciano 0 0-0 0, D. Tokash 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 30-38 65.
Pittston Area 17 16 12 14 — 59
Holy Cross 7 25 16 17 — 65
3-point goals: M. McGlynn (PA) 3, N. Guillauame (PA), A. Krawczyk (PA), C. Callejas (HC) 2, T. Mozeleski (HC).
Delaware Valley 54
Crestwood 52
At Delaware Valley, Blake Gearhart scored a game-high 28 points to lead the sixth-ranked Warriors.
Crestwood's Mike Palmiero scored 16 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter to pace the Comets.
Crestwood (1-1) — M. Palmiero 9 3-4 26, C. Boris 4 2-4 12, S. Murphy 2 2-2 8, K. Klusewitz 1 2-4 4, J. Curry 1 0-0 2, A. Gegaris 0 0-0 0, F. Casarella 0 0-0 0, D. Shaw 0 0-0 0, E. Knapp 0 0-0 0, R. Petrosky 0 0-0 0. Totals: 17 9-14 52.
Delaware Valley (1-1) — B. Gearhart 8 7-8 28, H. Keys 1 7-8 9, M. Campbell 2 2-3 6, J. Shafer 3 0-0 6, Z. Klapak 1 1-1 3, D. Kelly 1 0-0 2, T. Raniero 0 0-0 0, G. Berrios 0 0-0 0, T. Magee 0 0-0 0, C. Chelak 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 17-20 54.
Crestwood 4 10 16 22 — 52
Delaware Valley 12 10 16 16 — 54
3-point goals: M. Palmiero (CRE) 5, S. Murphy (CRE) 2, C. Boris (CRE) 2, B. Gearhart (DV) 5.
Hazleton Area 59
Scranton Prep 50
At Hazleton, Damir Faison scored 19 points and Joe Grula scored 18 to lead Hazleton Area.
Leo O'Boyle had 19 points for No. 2 Scranton Prep and Greyson Schermerhorn had 12.
Scranton Prep (1-1) — L. O'Boyle 7 3-4 19, G. Schermerhorn 4 1-2 12, W. Simons 4 0-3 9, B. Boland 1 4-5 7, A. D'Elia 1 1-2 3, S. Bednarz 0 0-0 0, M. Rotell 0 0-0 0. Totals: 17 9-16 50.
Hazleton Area (1-0) — D. Faison 5 6-6 19, J. Grula 6 4-4 18, J. Samec 3 3-4 11, J. Planutis 3 3-4 9, S. Shamany 1 0-3 2, A. Vayda 0 0-0 0, R. Wolk 0 0-1 0, A. Otero 0 0-0 0. Totals: 18 16-22 59.
Scranton Prep 8 15 16 11 — 50
Hazleton Area 11 11 18 19 — 59
3-point goals: G. Schermerhorn (SP) 3, L. O'Boyle (SP) 2, B. Boland (SP), D. Faison (HAZ) 3, J. Samec (HAZ) 2, J. Grula (HAZ) 2.
Nanticoke 73, Old Forge 53
At Nanticoke Area, Trahjan Krupinski scored 17 of his game-high 21 points in the second half as the Trojans pulled away for a win.
Brandon Née led No. 9 Old Forge with 13 points.
Old Forge (0-1) — B. Née 5 0-0 13, K. Welsh 5 0-0 12, M. DiGregorio 5 0-0 10, P. Banks 4 0-1 8, J. Verespey 2 2-3 7, D. Lucarelli 1 0-0 3, S. Donovan 0 0-0 0, B. Wargo 0 0-0 0, C. Jeffers 0 0-0 0. Totals: 22 2-4 53.
Nanticoke (2-0) — T. Krupinski 8 3-6 21, N. Kreitzer 6 0-0 15, C. Butczynski 6 1-1 14, A. Kozlofski 4 0-0 8, J. Krupinski 4 0-0 8, J. Bielecki 1 0-0 3, T. Rushton 1 0-0 2, L. Myers 1 0-0 2, S. Shiloh 0 0-0 0, J. Chernowsky 0 0-0 0, J. Fox III 0 0-0 0, B. Fontaine 0 0-0 0, C. Brown 0 0-0 0. Totals: 31 4-7 73.
Old Forge 10 15 19 9 — 53
Nanticoke 20 8 24 21 — 73
3-point goals: B. Née (OF) 3, K. Welsh (OF) 2, J. Verespey (OF), D. Lucarelli (OF), N. Kreitzer (NA) 3, T. Krupinski (NA) 2, J. Bielecki (NA), C. Butczynski (NA).
Tunkhannock 64, Elk Lake 41
At Tunkhannock, Sean Harder scored 21 points to lead the Tigers.
Drew Arnold scored
12 points for Elk Lake and Rierdan Reyan had 10.
Elk Lake (0-2) — D. Arnold 5 2-3 12, R. Reyan 3 2-4 10, H. Bomboy 2 3-6 9, K. Valvano 2 2-2 8, N. Preston 1 0-1 2, K. Jayne 0 0-2 0, A. Hunsinger 0 0-0 0, A. Anderson 0 0-0 0, K. Vanderfeltz 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 9-18 41.
Tunkhannock (1-0) — S. Harder 8 5-8 21, E. Turner 6 2-2 14, T. Faux 4 3-4 13, M. Goodwin 3 0-0 7, J. Chilson 1 1-2 3, L. Bucciarelli 1 0-0 2, N. Reposa 0 2-2 2, A. Billings 0 2-2 2, R. Harder 0 0-0 0, E. Bennett 0 0-0 0, P. DeMarco 0 0-2 0. Totals: 23 15-22 64.
Elk Lake 12 12 5 12 — 41
Tunkhannock 16 12 21 15 — 64
3-point goals: R. Reyan (EL) 2, H. Bomboy (EL) 2, K. Valvano (EL) 2, T. Faux (TUN) 2, M. Goodwin (TUN).
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
If you've ever played offense for the Minnesota Vikings, the Carolina Panthers just might be interested.
According to a report by Scott Fowler at the Charlotte Observer, former Minnesota wide receiver Jarius Wright is expected to sign with Carolina, via Jourdan Rodrigue.
This from @scott_fowler – who is currently on the road but called in the scoop citing a source – Panthers are expected to soon sign WR Jarius Wright to play in the slot. Most recently with the Vikings. Has experience in Norv Turner's offense. — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) March 19, 2018
The Panthers were already reported to be hosting former Vikings guard Jeremiah Sirles today. There's no word on his status as of yet.
As for Wright, he was a fourth-round pick by Minnesota in 2012. He's played in 79 career NFL games, totaling 153 catches, 2,039 yards and 10 touchdowns.
Wright won't radically transform or upgrade Carolina's passing offense, but he knows the system and the Panthers were in need of a sure thing at slot receiver with a lot of question marks surrounding last year's second-round draft pick, Curtis Samuel.
Depending on how much they get Wright for, this could turn out to be a good deal for Marty Hurney and company.
Related Panthers hosting former Vikings OL next week
Energy Efficiency Services Ltd, or EESL, has again postponed the procurement of 10,000 units of electric vehicles to 2019 because of lack of car charging infrastructure. Photo:
New Delhi: The Union government has set a target of increasing the number of electric cars to 4% of the overall new vehicle sales in the next five years starting from 2018-19.
The target, which takes into consideration the impediments on the road to successful adoption of electric mobility, has been set for the next stage of the Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles (FAME) scheme, according to the documents sent by the department of heavy industries (DHI) to the executive finance committee (EFC), which have been reviewed by Mint.
In the National Electric Mobility Mission Plan (NEMMP) unveiled in 2013 by then prime minister Manmohan Singh, the target was to achieve sales of 5-6 million electric and hybrid vehicles by 2020 which is much higher than the current number of these vehicles and the target being set by the government in the FAME scheme.
“The Union government has now realized that it will not be easy to adopt electric mobility or any other form of future technology unless we have the proper infrastructure for it. There are also other challenges such as that regarding development of local manufacturing of components which will take some time. As of now we are way behind the target set by NEMMP,” said a person directly aware of the development.
According to the documents, DHI has estimated that Rs9,381 crore will need to be spent in the next five fiscal years to 2022-2023. In the first year, the funds required will be Rs629 crore, while in the subsequent years it will Rs1,215 crore, Rs2,304 crore, Rs2,604 crore, and Rs2,629 crore.
DHI also wants to earmark Rs1,000 crore for promoting the manufacture of electric vehicle components, Rs5,250 crore for demand incentives and Rs1,000 crore for setting up charging infrastructure in the next five years.
FAME, launched in fiscal 2015, was meant to run for two years until March 2017. The scheme was extended twice till March 2018.
In April, the Union government decided to extend the FAME scheme by six months until 30 September 2018, or till the time the second phase of the scheme is approved by it.
“We will get the scheme approved by September and are hopeful that there will be no further extension after September. We have already sent the draft to the finance ministry,” said a senior official of DHI.
According to the EFC memorandum on 26 April, DHI has written to the ministry of electronics and information technology (MEITY) to subsume the rest of the electric vehicle components within their scheme MSIPs. If this is found acceptable, MEITY may include electric vehicle (EV) components in their scheme subject to suitable increment in the budget for it.
“However, if for some reason that is not found possible then capital subsidy is proposed to be extended to the entire EV manufacturing ecosystem through the FAME scheme,” DHI added in the document.
Suvranil Majumder, operations officer, International Finance Corporation, a part of the World Bank Group, said that both fiscal and non-fiscal incentives are needed initially and the government should focus on improving charging and other infrastructure related to electric vehicles. Unless it plays an active role in educating consumers, adoption of electric vehicles will take time, Majumder said.
The procurement of the first set of 500 electric vehicles by Energy Efficiency Services Ltd (EESL) from Tata Motors and Mahindra and Mahindra was delayed because of the lack of charging infrastructure.
“These vehicles take a bit of time to get registered and that is usual. Otherwise there is no delay,” said a senior official of EESL.
According to a report by news agency Bloomberg, EESL has again postponed the procurement of 10,000 units of electric vehicles to 2019 because of lack of charging infrastructure.
DORVAL, QUE.—Maggie Putulik has vivid memories of boarding a small airplane in the Inuit village of Kangirsuk in northern Quebec. It was the beginning of a 1,500-kilometre journey south to have her tonsils surgically removed. She remembers the coloured ribbons hung at the arrival gate in the Quebec City airport, the French-language instructions that she did not understand, waking after surgery to the taste of blood-tinged saliva and the post-operation vanilla ice cream, which she ate with a wooden spoon. It was 1984. Putulik was 8 years old and she was all alone. The village nurses told her mother that she could only go along if she paid for her own plane ticket. “It was traumatizing,” Putulik said. “How dare they make an 8-year-old, unilingual, little Inuk girl travel alone to a very foreign region for a surgical procedure? It's beyond my comprehension.” Three decades later, Inuit living in the Arctic must still travel south to big cities for cancer treatments, cataracts procedures, psychiatric care, high-risk childbirths as well as a host of other ailments.
Article Continued Below
The governments of Nunavut, Yukon and the Northwest Territories send patients to privately run boarding houses in Yellowknife, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Edmonton, Ottawa and Iqaluit.
Maggie Putulik, director of Ullivik, has vivid memories of having to travel to Quebec City alone at 8 years old to have her tonsils surgically removed. "It was traumatizing," she says. ( Allan Woods / Toronto Star )
For patients in the Nunavik region of northern Quebec, which consists of 14 Inuit villages along the coasts of the Hudson and Ungava bays, the destination is Ullivik, a 91-room residence in an industrial area near the Montreal airport. Here, Putulik, the former patient, is the facility's director, tasked with making a difficult experience a little less bewildering for patients.
Ullivik, which opened in December 2016, may not be home for patients whose stays can last from a few days to a few months. But it has the feel of an Arctic-inspired boutique hotel. There is a stone Inukshuk out front; French, English and Inuktitut signs throughout; and bright, spacious rooms spread out over three floors, each of which has its own natural theme: water, earth and sky. An Anglican priest, Rev. Annie Ittoshat, an Inuk from the northern Quebec village of Kuujjuarapik, leads two services every Sunday for patients. There is even a country food room — a separate kitchen next to the cafeteria — with a long chest freezer filled with cardboard boxes. Each is marked with patient's names and filled with fish, whale, moose and bird carcasses that have been harvested in the north and carefully packed for the trip. During a recent visit one afternoon, several bloody and feathered ptarmigan, a softball-sized hunk of moose meat and two severed fish heads were laid out on pieces of cardboard to thaw. On an orange tray nearby lay an assortment of tools, including hammers, saws, files, axes, a pizza cutter and a wood-handled ulu, a traditional all-purpose Inuit cutting tool.
Ullivik is a 91-room facility located near the Montreal airport that caters to Inuit from the Nunavik region of northern Quebec who must travel from their communities to Quebec's largest city in order to receive medical treatment. ( Allan Woods / Toronto Star )
Mary Sakiagak, a patient from Kangiqsujuaq, or Wakeham Bay, rushed into the kitchen and sliced open a cardboard box, pulling out a long, thin Arctic char that was wrapped in a plastic bag, a meal that she would prepare and share with others as all country food is at Ullivik. He smiles faded slightly when asked how long she had been staying at the residence: three weeks. “I miss my home,” she said. The history of such medical travel programs stretches back to the 1950s when the federal government, responsible for the delivery of Indigenous health services, responded to a tuberculosis epidemic in the Arctic by forcibly evacuating Inuit for treatment in southern hospitals rather than building the necessary facilities up north. The experience, captured in the 2009 Genie award-winning film The Necessities of Life, is a distressing period in modern Inuit history. Families were forcibly separated for years. Some returned having lost their language or the necessary skills to live in the Arctic. Still other patients died and were buried without their families being informed. Cultural sensitivities have greatly improved. Today, the territorial and provincial governments will pay for escorts — often family members — to accompany children, the elderly, new mothers and those who don't speak English or French on their medical travel.
Ullivik has a separate room and freezer for patients to store and prepare country food while they stay at the facility near the Montreal airport. ( Allan Woods / Toronto Star )
But there are staggering costs. In the last fiscal year, Ullivik had 8,000 patients and escorts come through its doors. On any given day, Putulik said, she is obligated to reserve about 20 rooms at nearby hotels to handle the overflow. It cost nearly $12-million last year to run Ullivik. Another $25-million went toward paying airplane tickets. It is a similar situation across the Arctic. The authors of a Nunavut government report on the costs of its medical travel program in 2007/08 classified the territory's medical travel program as “not so much a health care expenditure as a subsidy to the airline industry.” A decade later, the program is estimated to account for about one-fifth of the territory's total health budget. There are no signs of those costs diminishing, or even coming under control. For Nunavik, Putulik said that the annual patient load grows by about 1,200, whether due to a fast-growing population, an aging population or a sicker population in need of complex care. Like any growing market, there are those who would take advantage of those Inuit patients and their escorts during their stays in Montreal, and local police are often brought in to speak to residents about the risks and the help available if people find themselves in trouble.
Ullivik has a stone Inukshuk out front; French, English and Inuktitut signs throughout; and bright, spacious rooms spread out over three floors, each of which has its own natural theme: water, earth and sky. ( Allan Woods / Toronto Star )
Access to alcohol and drugs is one problem so present that security guards at the door search returning residents' bags. There are two rooms set aside for people to sober up if they return to Ullivik intoxicated. A recent report by Nunatsiaq News said there had been 1,400 incidents involving intoxicated patients and escorts at Ullivik and that officials were considering hiring Montreal-based staff to assist patients rather than paying for escorts to travel with patients. Putulik also said that there have been several patients and escorts to became involved in “undesirable activities” in Montreal and missed their return flights. Her staff intentionally book open airplane tickets so that people do not get trapped in the city and can easily return home if or when they decide that the time is right. Other people, she said, are targeted by local “predators,” in search of an easy sale, a buyer for drugs, someone to transport drugs or people who can be otherwise exploited. Putulik mentioned one Montreal bar owner who operates an establishment near the downtown YMCA residence where Inuit medical patients used to be housed. The bar is set to move to a new location just 500 metres from Ullivik. “He's migrating to Dorval, following our clients, because he knows there's a guaranteed profit to be made from Inuit,” she said.
Read more about:
EMBED >More News Videos A neighbor captured cell-phone video of the moments after a 30-year-old man was shot to death in Chicago's Printer's Row neighborhood.
A popular Chicago videographer was shot and killed early Wednesday morning while driving in Chicago's Printer's Row neighborhood.The victim was identified by relatives as 30-year-old Zachary Stoner.He was driving a Jeep in the 700-block of South Clark Street around 1:30 a.m. when another vehicle pulled up alongside him and someone inside opened fire, police said. Two bullet holes shattered the Jeep's windshield.Stoner was shot in the head."I went to the window immediately with my cell phone because I could hear people screaming and I thought, 'Oh God, what happened?'" said Reyna, a witness who called 911.Witnesses said they saw several people pile into a car and speed away from the scene after shots were fired. A neighbor captured cell-phone video of that moment.Stoner crashed into a light pole. He was taken in critical condition to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.Stoner lived in south suburban Harvey. His neighbor, Kenjuana Motes, said he was very well-known in the community and always took time to talk to kids in the neighborhood."He was always a good person. To hear that something like that happened is heartbreaking," Motes said. "A lot of the kids that's on this block, even my kids, they look up to him."Willie Jones, Stoner's uncle, told ABC7 Eyewitness News over the phone that the family doesn't know who would have targeted him. He also said his nephew was a very passionate person."He felt that everybody should have a voice, so he tried to be the voice for everybody who didn't have a voice," Jones said.Stoner had a YouTube page called "zacktv1" that had more than 174,000 subscribers and more than 1,700 videos. His uncle said he covered gangs, crime and rap artists in Chicago and tried to tell stories that no one else would."I'm hoping that they get through this and find out whatever happened and find out who did it," Motes said.Area Central detectives are investigating. They did not provide a suspect description. No one is in custody.
Observer Report
Islamabad
At least 68 per cent of journalists in the country have faced “online insecurity” in various ways including blackmail, hacking, threats, sexual harassment, data theft and stalking, read a report issued by Digital Rights Foundation (DRF) on Friday.
The report titled “Digital (In) Security of Journalists in Pakistan” is based on a nationwide survey “on the state of security of journalists to shed light on the threats and concerns journalists face online”.
The survey was divided into two parts; the ?rst part inquired journalists' understanding of digital security. The second part was addressed to journalists who had experienced online threats or harassment — 68% of total respondents said they had faced online threats or harassment, hence proving that the majority is exposed to online insecurity.
This report seeks to give recommendations to lawmakers with reference to the under-consideration Journalist Protection Bill.“The first draft of the Bill did not include provisions for the digital security of journalists, thus the aim of this report is to advocate for lawmakers to also consider that journalists be protected online to keep censorship at bay, and to safeguard their mental health, quality of work, physical security of journalists and freedom of the press,” read a statement issued by the Digital Rights Foundation.
The Blue Jackets also lost at home on Friday to San Jose and have dropped six of their last eight. They are one point ahead of the Islanders in the closely bunched Metropolitan Division race.
Nick Leddy and Josh Bailey also scored for the Islanders, who won for the first time in three games since the All-Star break. They lost the first two by combined 9-1 margin against Florida and Toronto.
Josh Anderson and Cam Atkinson also scored for Columbus. Korpisalo finished with 34 saves.
Late in the second, Foligno swooped down on Halak after Oliver Bjorkstrand sent him a perfect pass from the defensive zone and slid a backhand along the ice past Halak with 1:57 left for his 10th goal of the season.
Foligno was frustrated by the outcome especially considering his team's strong beginning.
"We have lapses that don't allow us to take over games," he said. "I loved our first. We were aggressive and dictated the pace. But we allowed them back in the third and we didn't have an answer."
Bailey had put the Islanders up 2-1 at 11:14 of the second with his 13th goal.
Atkinson quickly tied it at 12:36 when he rifled the puck by Halak after linemate Artemi Panarin intercepted the puck from Islanders defenceman Scott Mayfield. Panarin, acquired from Chicago last June, leads the Blue Jackets in assists with 29 and points with 42.
Atkinson's eighth goal of the season extended his points streak to four games.
Anderson opened the scoring for Columbus at 6:12 of the first period with his 16th of the season on the power play. Dubois and Jussi Jokinen had assists on the first career power-play goal for the 23-year-old Anderson who has 34 career goals.
Leddy's point shot with 2:22 left in the first eluded Korpisalo to knot the score at 1. John Tavares and Mathew Barzal recorded assists on Leddy's seventh goal and his first in 30 games. Leddy's previous tally came Nov. 24 against Philadelphia.
But the hero of the night was clearly Halak, who has faced barrage most nights in recent weeks. The Islanders have allowed more than 40 shots five times in their last nine games and more than 30 shots in 19 straight contests.
"I'm tired," the 32-year-old goalie said. "I need to get some sleep."
Columbus won the previous two meetings between the teams in Ohio by a combined score of 11-4. The teams meet once more on Feb. 13 at Barclays Center.
NOTES: The Islanders are 12-1-0 on Saturdays and they are 24-6-2 when scoring at least three goals. ... The Islanders scratched forwards Alan Quine and Ross Johnston plus defenceman Sebastian Aho. ... Columbus scratched forward Markus Hannikainen and defencemen Scott Harrington and Cameron Gaunce.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host Nashville on Monday night.
Blue Jackets: Host Washington on Tuesday night.
By Allan Kreda, The Associated Press
Which bits of Game of Thrones get your pulse racing? According to a new study of viewer heart rates, there's a certain dramatic tension that tends to get the audience's blood pumping more than epic bouts of violence.
That's based on 2.3 million measurements from 300 viewers taken by the developers of the Cardiogram app for Apple Watch, which invited its users to enrol in a special experiment called "What Game of Thrones does to your Heart Rate".
Of the top five heart-racing moments, four largely involved dialogue, drama and tension between characters rather than sword-on-sword or dragon-on-army clashes.
Cardiogram has actually been tracking the link between Game of Thrones and heart rate for a number of years. In 2015, it showed how a particularly intense bout of White Walker zombie action was able to sharply increase heart rate beats-per-minute (BPM).
Individual readings for one anonymous participant. Credit: Cardiogram
"It's almost like a Nielsen ratings on a second-by-second basis," Cardiogram developer and data scientist Brandon Ballinger told the Wall Street Journal at the time.
For the 2017 follow-up, Cardiogram tracked heart rates across the first four episodes of season 7 before crunching the data to see which bits got viewers most excited.
Participants were asked to use the app to log their heart rate every five seconds, starting from a quarter of an hour before each episode started (the default on the Apple Watch is to take a measurement every five minutes).
WARNING! Spoilers below for those first four episodes of season 7.
You've been warned. We have warned you.
In reverse order, Daenerys interrogation of Varys about some of his previous skullduggery got the audience's heart rate up to 76 bpm on average, the fifth highest rate across the first four episodes of season 7.
Then there's a tie for third and fourth place: Euron Greyjoy's dramatic proposal to Cersei in episode 1, and Davos and Jon's plea for help to Daenerys in episode 3 both saw a spike to 83 bpm on average.
Second in the list was the opening scene of the whole season, when Arya Stark takes her revenge on House Frey in disguise. That had viewers' heart rates racing all the way up to 83.2 beats per minute, but again it was mostly a dialogue-driven scene.
Top of the pile though was a moment that did involve some physical action – with 91 bpm on average, it was Jaime Lannister's charge against Daenerys and her dragon Drogon, as seen at the end of episode 4.
"This is the one action scene in the top five," says Ballinger, though it did rely on the character conflicts that had already been established.
"True to principle, it focuses on a conflict between two main characters on opposite sides of a battle: Jaime Lannister and Daenerys Targaryen, immediately preceded by a scene showing Tyrion Lannister's internal conflict at seeing his family's army set aflame."
No room in the top five for the Unsullied army capturing Casterly Rock then, or Euron Greyjoy ambushing his family's naval fleet, or any of the other big action sequences we've seen so far in season 7.
There is some serious science behind Cardiogram: in May, the developers of the app and researchers from the University of California, San Francisco, showed how it could be used to detect atrial fibrillation, which is an issue with an irregular heartbeat.
As wearables like the Apple Watch become more common, they could be invaluable in flagging up health issues that would otherwise require an appointment with the doctor.
At the same time there's plenty of scope for fun projects like this Game of Thrones one. Maybe you could test yourself the next time an episode airs.
"The data confirms that drama rather than action is what makes Game of Thrones viewers' heart rate race," says Ballinger.
James Brightman Editor, North America Wednesday 14th June 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Ubisoft
Coming off one of Ubisoft's best E3 showings in years (which for some was the highlight of E3), CEO Yves Guillemot decided to give some time back to the community by taking questions during an AMA on Reddit. Aside from his personal preferences for cheese, chocolate or his love of motorcycle rides, Guillemot talked a bit about the publishing business, his favorite Ubisoft IP and what the future holds.
Interestingly, when asked what he felt the next big leap in gaming technology would be, the chief executive pointed not to VR, AR or 4K, but to game streaming. There's been plenty of talk about the cloud and numerous services have attempted to make a true "Netflix for games," but it's yet to take off. "I think streaming will be the next big thing, but it will take time before it is ready," Guillemot commented. "Streaming will totally change the way we create and play games, and will again positively disrupt how we think about gaming."
Speaking of technological advancements, while Ubisoft is currently working on Far Cry 5, set in Montana, Guillemot actually revealed that he would love to see Far Cry 3 given some new life for the Xbox One X. "Far Cry 3 [remastered] on the Xbox One X would be amazing," he commented. Whether that actually happens, though, is anybody's guess.
And as much as he loves Far Cry, Splinter Cell and Assassin's Creed hold a special place in his heart. When asked about the proudest moments in his career, Guillemot answered: "I would say the launch of the first Splinter Cell and the first Assassin's Creed were both amazing. They were the culmination of a lot of work and were both great successes. These were both fantastic moments for me as they represent turning points for Ubisoft and a great pay off for big risks that we took. And of course yesterday with Miyamoto was pretty special as well."
As for regrets, Guillemot would have liked to see Ubisoft gain a better foothold in the MMO sector. "I would say we were very strongly investing in MMOs in the late 90's/early 2000s and we stopped that side of the business because it wasn't performing well enough and we should have continued on with that," he acknowledged.
Looking at the industry from the 30,000-foot perspective, Guillemot also noted that he's amazed at just how massive the actual games business has become over the last 30 years. "I thought it would be big, but not this big," he reflected. "What is amazing with this industry is that technology is always giving us fantastic new opportunities to disrupt different genres and segments of games and to create new ones. I believe interactive entertainment is the future of entertainment, and we still have huge opportunities in front of us."
Guillemot also reiterated the importance of fighting for independence and freedom with the threat of a Vivendi takeover still looming. You can read more here.
I'm somewhere near Hawker when the FM stations begin to dissolve into bursts of static. The small town 400 kilometres from Adelaide are best known as the gateway to the Flinders Ranges , but instead of turning off I continue north. The jagged crown of mountains that forms Wilpena Pound emerges and soon disappears on my right, and I note with pleasure that the school holiday traffic quickly thins out.
I'm trying to escape the modern world for a few days, and what better way than on a mode of transport that became outdated almost a century ago? My destination is Beltana Station, a large property that helped to open up Australia's interior as the first camel breeding centre in the country.
When I arrive at the homestead, I'm surprised to discover that my phone still has a weak signal (thanks, Telstra). It's not the ideal start to a digital detox, but I fire off a few quick emails as I wait for the other guests to assemble and soon we're all headed down to a campsite not far from the station.
If the way to a traveller's heart is through the stomach, then surely this must be the ... READ MORE
The last vestige of mobile reception disappears and though I suspect I could re-enter the modern world by climbing back up the hill, I'm more interested in getting a quick lesson on how to set up my home for the next four nights. It takes approximately two minutes to learn all there is to know about swags, and soon I have a cup of tea in hand as I get to know my fellow camel trekkers.
Among our group we have a retired teacher who breeds horses in Gippsland, an actress from a prominent Australian television series and a couple from New South Wales' Southern Highlands, a lawyer and a nurse. If you're ever in need of an icebreaker, go straight to the nurse – over the next four days she proves to be an endless font of stories that combine equal measures of hilarity and horror. For entertainment value, they put my Facebook feed to shame.
In the morning we meet Karen Ellis, who runs Camel Treks Australia with her husband Paul, and she introduces us to our mounts. She insists that each of the dozen camels has a distinct personality but all I can make out is a white one, another that emits startlingly loud belches and gurgles as I approach, and ten other similar looking animals.
I decide it's best to let Karen choose my mount and she pairs me up with Ava, a no-nonsense beast who waits until I'm ready before lurching abruptly upwards. That's when I notice for the first time just how much taller camels are than horses. Perched on her hump, I have an excellent view of the hills at the far northern extreme of the Flinders Ranges around me. Gentle slopes dotted with pincushions of saltbush lead up to exposed ridges glowing a gentle red in the morning sun. Our path lies lower down, along the sandy creek beds that cut a swathe through the hills and support more substantial greenery. There, the boughs of ancient red gums protect us from the unseasonably warm autumn sun, their ghostly white trunks peeling like old paint to reveal shades of deep earthy brown and vibrant red.
Over the next few days I settle into an easy routine, watching the sunrise bring the landscape to life from my swag before joining the others for a camp breakfast. Instead of checking a weather app and looking through my emails, I scan the duck egg blue sky for clouds and ask how everyone slept. We alternate between riding the camels and walking alongside them for two hour stretches, drifting in and out of conversations and listening to snatches of birdsong as wedge-tailed eagles wheel overhead. Beyond the creek bed, the landscape turns into barren looking gibber plains and far off in the distance, the hulking mass of Mount Deception slowly turns from blue to purple and finally a warm orange as it catches the afternoon sun.
When several of us spot what looks like a plastic bag high up in the branches of a gum one morning, there's no Google to help us identify it. Instead, outlandish theories are proposed throughout the day before Paul informs us around the evening campfire that it was a mass cocoon containing hundreds of processionary caterpillars.
Dinners are communal affairs and the conversation meanders in unexpected directions. The campfire's warm glow replaces the soft blue light of the screens I'm usually tethered to and instead of digital interruptions, we cry out when shooting stars arc across the veil of the Milky Way.
It's a life I quickly get used to, and I soon find myself wishing I'd booked one of the longer trips. But soon it's over and as our group prepares to part ways, we fire up our phones once again to swap details and exchange photos. We talk about how much we're looking forward to the luxury of showers and real beds. But as everyone leaves and I watch the sun set from the station, I'm happy to turn my phone back off and have just one more night away from the modern world.
Details:
Camel Treks Australia runs three to 15 day-camel treks departing from Beltana Station between April and October. A four-day/four-night trek costs $1680 including a swag, all meals and wine in the evenings. Beltana Station is 530 kilometres north of Adelaide, accessible via a six kilometres dirt road from the highway that is suitable for 2WD vehicles.
A bus runs between Adelaide and the Beltana turn-off twice a week, charging $135 one way/$340 return for camel trekking guests. Trips are timed to coincide with this schedule and Camel Treks Australia will pick up and drop off guests.
Terming it as the world's largest government funded healthcare programme, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday announced the National Health Protection Scheme under which Rs 5 lakh (500,000) cover will be provided a year to 10 crore (100 million) poor and vulnerable families in the country.
"We are now launching a flagship national health protection scheme to cover 10 crore poor and vulnerable families. This is approximately 50 crore beneficiaries, by providing them up to Rs 5 lakh per family per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation," Jaitley said presenting the 2018-19 Union Budget.
Emphasising that the initiative would take healthcare protection to a new aspirational level, Jaitley said the initiative was part of Ayushman Bharat and adequate funds will be provided for its smooth implementation.
"This was aimed at making path breaking interventions to address health holistically, in primary, secondary and tertiary care systems, covering both prevention and health promotion," said Jaitley.
Under the Ayushman Bharat, the government has also decided to fund Rs 1,200 crore for 1.5 lakh health wellness centres across the nation. The decision to convert the Primary Health Centres into wellness centres was taken in last fiscal budget (2017-18). However, the money was not allocated for it.
The healthcare industry termed the government's National Health Protection Scheme as an out of the box idea, saying that it will emerge a boon for the beneficiaries.
BJP president Amit Shah tweeted: "Ayushman Bharat' is an unparalleled initiative to ensure health insurance as well as health assurance. Protecting 10 crore families i.e about 40% of India's population with a health insurance cover of Rs. 5 lakh per family is a global first."
"My heartiest congratulations to this government for investing in creating a swasth bharat by launching the Ayushman Bharat programme. Such ambitious out of the box thinking was a burning need of the hour and the government has not disappointed. The initiative to cover 10 crore families with 5 lakh per family/per year with Insurance Cover for Secondary and Tertiary healthcare will be a game changer," said Prathap Reddy, Chairman of Apollo Hospitals in a statement.
Jaitley stated that the two schemes will also generate lakhs of jobs, particularly for women.
According to Healthcare Foundation of India (NATHEALTH), a body focused to develop and optimize healthcare infrastructure, the National Health Protection Scheme will go a long way to achieve the goals of Universal Health Coverage.
Vivek Srivastava, CEO and Co-Founder of Healthcare at Home, a growing home healthcare provider, said the National Health Protection Scheme will benefit 40 per cent of the country's population.
"Through this initiative the government has indeed taken concrete steps in reducing India's health burden. Accessibility and affordability can further be improved for the rural population," said Srivastava.
Jaitley as part of the union budget (2018-19) also announced Rs 600 crore for nutritional support of Tuberculosis patients in India.
"The Government also decided to allocate additional Rs 600 crore to provide nutritional support to all TB patients at the rate of Rs 500 per month for the duration of their treatment," said Jaitley.
A total of 24 new government medical colleges have also been announced as part of the new initiative for health by the government.
"To enhance accessibility of quality medical education and health care, 24 new Government Medical Colleges and Hospitals will be set up, by up-grading existing district hospitals in the country," said Jaitley.
According to him, this move would ensure that there is at least one Medical College for every three Parliamentary Constituencies and at least one Government Medical College in each state of the country.
Jaitley said the government has provided affordable medicines through more than 3,000 Jan Aushadhi centres; reduced prices of stents; and provided free dialysis services for the poor.
Barcelona deny claims former president Rosell 'illegally bought liver' for Abidal
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 199 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:52 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Former Barcelona defender Eric Abidal
Barcelona have denied reports claiming their former president, Sandro Rosell, illegally bought a liver for ex-defender Eric Abidal.
Abidal, who represented LaLiga's champions between 2007 and 2013 and is now the club's technical secretary, underwent a transplant in 2012 after the discovery of a tumour on his liver.
Spanish press on Wednesday alleged that Rosell, who was arrested in 2017 as part of a money-laundering investigation, purchased the organ.
Barça have rejected claims of any wrongdoing, while the allegations have also been denied by Abidal and the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona, where the former France international underwent the procedure.
"In light of stories published in relation to the liver transplant received by the club's former player and current technical secretary, Eric Abidal, FC Barcelona roundly deny any irregularity in the matter, as have Abidal and the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona facility," a statement from the club read.
"The stories omit an important fact, as this case was closed by a Barcelona court on May 18th. This omission has caused damage to the reputation of Eric Abidal, all of the organisations involved in the transplant procedures, FC Barcelona and former club president Sandro Rosell.
"The club are saddened by the lack of rigour in the spreading of such information about such a sensitive issue, and reaffirm our commitment to Eric Abidal and his foundation to help improve the lives of children and young people affected by similar medical treatments."
Last week, a Spanish court ruled that Rosell will stand trial on charges of money laundering, in relation to the sale of television rights for Brazil matches, for which he remains in custody.
His lawyer, Pau Molins, rejected the claims relating to Abidal's transplant, and questioned the timing of the latest allegations against his client.
Speaking to RAC, as reported by Marca, he said: "It suits them to paint Sandro Rosell as a beast.
"We don't know anything about this report, but it annoys me that it is coming out one year after he has been imprisoned and as he waits for trial.
"The conversation that has come out has absolutely nothing to do with the [other] case," Molins said.
"I think they don't want to go to trial so they are bringing out things to see how to buy time and how to hide, because they don't know what to do with Rosell in prison."
It is time to radically alter the way door to door delivery is managed in Canada. Given Canada's signing of the Paris Accord we need to be aggressive on as many environmental fronts as possible.
Having four or five package delivery services all driving their trucks around delivering packages to the same addresses makes little sense. The last mile delivery should be the responsibility of Canada Post. FedEx, DHL, UPS etc. could drop their shipments at a Canada Post Depot for delivery. Canada Post delivery can be very efficient. I order stuff from Amazon one day and Canada Post delivers the next day.
Canada Post also has the infrastructure in place to deal with situations where a signature is required and you are not home. When that happens I just have to cross the street to the drug store where a small Canada Post depot is located. When I miss a UPS shipment I have to drive halfway across the city.
Canada Post also has the ability to enter all apartments buildings and Condos making delivery much safer. Ultimately homeowners could install package delivery locked boxes at their homes for which Canada Post drivers would have the master key. Ordering stuff online is the way of the future and we must address it in an environmentally friendly way. This would remove thousands of delivery trucks from our streets.
At the same time letter delivery should be reduced to once a week and should be door to door for all Canadians. Hopefully this would incent people to switch to e-delivery and save a few trees. I would not mind receiving junk once a week, rather than daily.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the rising prices of supermarket essentials denting our wallets, the weekly shop can be a stressful experience.
Staples such as eggs, bread, milk and butter have all gone up in price with inflation at around 3 per cent.
In addition to the cost, the stress of negotiating a busy supermarket floor with children in tow has made many of us desperately looking for ways to lighten the load.
Well, if Asda is your local - you can do so easily, report the Liverpool Echo, who have the lowdown on the insider tips and secrets of one of the UK's biggest retailers.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
Here are the best tricks, tips and shopping hacks to help you shave money off your bill.
(Image: Sean Dempsey/PA Wire)
1. Asda's price guarantee
If your shop is not 10 per cent cheaper than Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons, or Waitrose, Asda will give you the difference in the form of a voucher that you can claim back off your next shop, the Liverpool Echo reports .
The Asda Price Guarantee can seem like a lot of work, but all you need to do is upload your receipt details.
There are some terms and conditions, such as you need to have bought at least eight items, and at least one item needs to be comparable with their competitors.
You can read the full terms and conditions here .
2. Split your shop for extra savings
If you are doing the Price Guarantee then savvy shoppers suggest you split your shopping into higher priced items and lower priced items.
That way they can be scanned through in two shops and you will get two receipts you can scan to get the highest price guarantee voucher.
They say lower priced items can bring down the value of your Price Guarantee voucher because of the savings.
3. Wombling
This has been around for a while, so you may have heard the term, but are not entirely sure what it is.
Wombling is when people collect discarded receipts and cash in on the savings, vouchers or price guarentees.
You can use this technique with the Asda Price Guarantee, but it does mean hunting around outside your local store, as you are not allowed to do it in store or from bins.
Please be aware that, although wombling is not illegal, many shops do not advocate this shopping behaviour and you are likely to have your vouchers or points taken off you if the store in question notices what you are doing.
4. Asda's quality guarantee
If you are not happy with a purchase, or if the quality or taste has let you down, you can take it back for a refund.
The Asda quality guarantee allows staff to refund you the item and add a gesture of good will - which is usually around £2.
This is only on certain items, and you have to see a qualified member of staff who is specifically trained to deal with these types of refunds.
5. If one ingredient ruins your meal
If you have prepared a whole meal only to find one of the food items is bad, you can get a refund and Asda will look to compensate you for the rest of the meal with in-store vouchers.
This compensation done on a case-by-case basis, but if something is generally bad, or sold to you out-of-date, they will definitely refund you.
6. Smile vouchers
Yes! They really do exist. Staff carry 'smile vouchers', which are worth 50p off your shopping, and give them out to customers who they feel deserve them.
So, if you have been waiting at a till for a long time or a product you want is out of stock, you could get given one.
It is entirely at the staff's discretion, so it is worth being extra nice, even if they have run out of your favourite teabags.
7. You can open a savings card
The store has a saving card that you can pop some money on each time you go shopping and pay for your Christmas shop throughout the year.
And you will get a bonus of £6 from Asda in November if you have saved £144.
8. Smart Price
Everyone knows about Asda's budget range, Smart Price, but not everyone is buying it.
Some shoppers actually prefer the Smart Price range to the branded alternatives, so it is worth giving some a go.
9. The Asda team will tweak recipes based on customer feedback
Whether you are buying Smart Price or one of the Asda branded products, the team have been known to tweak recipes and products based on customer feedback.
So if you are unhappy with anything you have bought, it is worth letting the store know.
You can tell the items that have been worked on as they have the "improved recipe" sign on them.
10. You can request a product to be stocked
If a product you love is not stocked you can speak to a staff member. The more requests made for a product, the more likely it is Asda will look to add it to their shelves.
11. Wonky veggies
Asda began their Wonky Veg boxes last year in an effort to tackle food waste.
You can save money with the boxes of misshapen veggies, as they are cheaper then the other vegetables that are more aesthetically pleasing.
They are seasonal and can only be bought in store.
(Image: tolisma)
12. Yellow stickers!
Everyone loves a whoopsie sticker and Asda are the originals.
They usually start with the chilled foods first thing in the morning.
Then final reductions, like bread and cakes, often start around 6.30pm – and most bargains have been snapped up by 9pm.
13. Asda will accept all coupons
They may be a little old fashioned, but they could really save you money and Asda have a policy of accepting all coupons, even the ones printed from the internet.
It doesn't matter how many different coupons you have, they will all be scanned in.
14. Asda credit card offers cashback on what you spend
Asda has its very own credit card that you can get cashback for purchases you make in store.
The card offers 1 per cent cashback on all Asda purchases and and 0.1 per cent on all other purcheses.
15. Promotional events
It is worth bulk buying some of your favourite brands in Asda's promotional events.
They have a hugely popular baby and toddler event were they slash the prices of nappies, wipes, baby toiletries and products. If you are able to, you can make savings by buying a few during the events.
16. They have a baby and toddler club
The supermarket giant has a Baby and Toddler Club you can join for free.
You can get lots of free tips and advice, news on savings as well as chances to win big branded prizes.
17. Cheap school uniforms
You can get a whole school uniform for as low as £7.50 at Asda.
The prices vary depending on age, but jumpers are as low as £2, polo shirts priced at around £2.50 and skirts and pants as cheap as £3.
18. You can get a gift receipt
As well as getting your normal fruit and veg, you may also pick up a present for someone at you local Asda.
But if you are not 100 per cent sure they will love it, you can get a gift receipt. The receipt will include all the details of the item except the price.
19. They have their own tech support for electronics
If you have bought an electrical product from Asda and you are having problems, you can contact the store's dedicated technical support on 0333 600 7700. The team can also help with vacuum appliances.
20. You can still add to your online order after you have paid
If you do your shopping online you can set your delivery date. But if you run out of milk before then, you can add items to your list up until midnight the day before your delivery is due.
21. Delivery drivers can give you a refund on the doorstep
If you have done your weekly shop online but decide you no longer want certain items or their substitutions, you can get a refund on the doorsetep.
Asda will send you a delivery note before they come to drop it off so that you can review your order.
All you have to do then is hand the items back to the driver and they can sort it from there.
When Ezequiel Carrera fouled a ball off his right foot during the Blue Jays' 8-1 loss to the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday, manager John Gibbons didn't think anything of it.
Toronto's left fielder returned to the batter's box hobbling briefly, later holding court with Jays' trainers in the dugout. It wasn't until after that Gibbons was made aware of an injury.
“Later on it was pretty painful, he had trouble walking,” the manager said.
It turns out the seemingly innocuous incident was more serious than originally thought. Toronto put Carrera on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday with a fracture in the top of his right foot.
Carrera is the 16th Jay forced to the sidelines this season; his stint on the DL is the 20th for the team.
NHL ratings were so good this year that Sportsnet boss Scott Moore mentioned only one regret: Sidney Crosby and the Penguins didn't let the final get to a seventh game. ( Gene J. Puskar / The Associated Press )
It wasn't too far into the 2016-17 NHL season before Scott Moore was confident hockey ratings would take a turn for the better for Rogers and Sportsnet. “After Auston Matthews' third goal,” said Moore, the president of Sportsnet and NHL Properties at Rogers Media. “I didn't want to put too much emphasis on that first night, but it was like somebody turned the light on.” Matthews scored an eye-popping four goals in the season opener, with his third coming 1:25 into the second period of his first game. The Leafs, the league and Rogers — which was entering the third year of a 12-year deal as Canada's national hockey broadcaster — had a star on their hands. The world's biggest market was reborn. Not just because of Matthews but because of a slate of impressive rookies, including fellow forwards Mitch Marner and William Nylander. There were similar re-awakenings in Edmonton, with a new arena and a healthy and determined Connor McDavid, and in Montreal, with goaltender Carey Price back. Calgary and Ottawa were good, too. If there was a disappointing moment for Moore, it was that the Stanley Cup ended in six games.
Article Continued Below
“There was no Game 7,” Moore said. “Overall, I would say, we're very pleased with the year. Over the course of a 12-year deal, there will be ups and downs. This year is up for sure.” Hockey Night in Canada's ratings were up 11 per cent from the 2015-16 season to an average audience of 1.8 million viewers for the 7 p.m. game, and up six per cent (560,000 viewers) for the late game. Sunday's Hometown Hockey was up 22 per cent (511,000 viewers). And Sportsnet's regional Leafs broadcasts were up 32 per cent, to an average audience of 511,000. That gets them back to roughly where they were in 2014-15. TSN's Leafs broadcasts were up 20 per cent.
The Stanley Cup playoffs seemed to do very well with the viewing public. In Canada: The Pittsburgh-Nashville final had an average minute audience of 2.67 million, 18 per cent higher than 2016. Game 7 of the Eastern Conference final between Ottawa and Pittsburgh was the most watched game of the playoffs, with an average of 4.29 million viewers. The playoffs delivered an overall average minute audience of 1.61 million Canadians, up 94 per cent from last year. In the United States: Despite neither Nashville (29th) nor Pittsburgh (23rd) being a top-20 TV market, the final on NBC/NBCSN averaged 4.762 million viewers, making it the most-watched final on record without an Original Six team. Viewership was up 19 per cent over 2016. Online, the playoffs on NBCSports.com and the NBC Sports app were the most-streamed in history, delivering more than a half-billion live minutes (527.4 million, up 31 per cent, and two million unique visitors, up 22 per cent. In Canada, livestreaming of the playoffs was up 164 per cent from this time last year. “The best part is it doesn't seem like it's going to be an isolated year,” Moore said. Interest this season followed a year of doom and gloom in Canada, when none of the country's seven teams made the playoffs. Interest, reflected in terrible ratings, was at a record low. Bleeding money, Rogers rethought its hockey broadcast, letting go dozens of on-air and behind-the-scenes talent. Most notably, Ron MacLean was back as host of Hockey Night in Canada after George Stroumboulopoulos's two-year run. “It was incredibly tough to go through what we went through last summer,” Moore said. “We had a difficult year from a ratings standpoint, and from a perception standpoint. A year later, we're into a different atmosphere.” Now, with good times back for the foreseeable future, it appears whatever changes Sportsnet makes to its hockey broadcasts will be only of the tweaking variety. Nothing major. No massive hirings. No massive firings. “We were pleased with the chemistry we had on Saturday nights, with Ron (MacLean), Nick (Kypreos), Elliotte (Friedman) and Kelly (Hrudey). We had a consistency of presentation,” Moore said. “There are always some tweaks you make, but I don't expect those tweaks to be major or monumental. “I would expect what people saw this year will be, with very few exceptions, what they see next year.” There is one noteworthy change on the horizon. TSN has scooped up English language rights to broadcast the Montreal Canadiens regionally. That gives the former hockey powerhouse broadcaster rights to four teams for regional broadcasts, the others being Winnipeg, Ottawa and Toronto (which it shares with Sportsnet). Rogers continues to have national broadcast rights for all teams, and exclusive regional rights to Vancouver, Calgary and Edmonton.
Read more about:
Staff Reporter
The Defence Housing Authority is puzzled what to do and how to save itself from executing the Supreme Court order to clear its roads and streets from private security men, guarding almost one of every three houses in the vast locality.
The problem on investigation appeared complex. DHA has tried its best to clear the area of unnecessary barricades, and tents, erected for police or private armed guard by residents, most of them VIPs, ministers, or those wielding tremendous authority because of their position in government or business influence.
DHA has been maintaining highly efficient management which was evident to this scribe who himself lives in DHA for nearly two decades. Its garbage vehicles pickes garbage bags from in front of the houses every morning, maintains cleanliness, and tries to supply water to residents to the maximum level it can.
But some residents felt that removing barriers, or tents used for private armed guards was actually the responsibility of police and Sindh Government , which instead of remaining within the confines of law, was involved in naked violation of rules.
Every one who wields some authority has police guards living in tents outside his or her houses. DHA had tried to remove barriers, and in fact did it to great annoyance of people like ministers, chief ministers, party leaders.
The world-famous RCMP Musical Ride will pay a return visit to the town of Banff Sept. 2-3 as part of the community's Canada 150 celebrations.
The performance consists of a full troop of 32 RCMP members in red serge with their horses performing intricate figures and drills choreographed to music.
The Musical Ride was last performed in Banff in 2010, and prior to that 2003. Banff was selected as one of four Alberta stops on the Musical Ride's nationwide Canada 150 tour, the other three being Calgary, Edmonton and Wainwright.
“In an effort to program the town for Canada's 150th, administration believes this iconic Canadian event would be well-suited for our destination,” said Connie Grace, Banff's destination events coordinator.
There will be three total performances of the Musical Ride — two on Sept. 2 and one on Sept. 3 — held at the Banff Community High School field.
Grace acknowledged that hosting the Musical Ride during the busy Labour Day long weekend was not ideal but the tour was set in their locations and could not move the date.
“While we expect this weekend to be a busy time, we will work closely with our engineering team to work on a really good traffic management plan,” she said.
Banff Mayor Karen Sorensen said that no one on council takes lightly the potential impact that the event will have on such a high occupancy weekend in the town.
“There will be a significant number of vehicles in town on Labour Day weekend, and potentially and probably will be one of our busiest, but I just get goosebumps thinking of the Musical Ride in Banff National Park celebrating Canada's 150th,” she said. “I think it's appropriate and I appreciate that administration will do all they can to try and mitigate traffic concerns, and I just hope with information and signage that this will be a really positive visitor experience. I think it's going to be absolutely stunning and I'm looking forward to it.”
The estimated cost to hold the event is $64,500, which will be funded by the budget stabilization reserve. The town intends to sell tickets to the performances in order to recoup some of the cost. With revenue projections from ticket sales, the town forecasts a net expenditure of approximately $15,900 to host the Musical Ride.
DKatz@postmedia.com
The state of Minnesota is expected to see strong economic growth in several areas as new forecasts are released.
The 2016 fourth quarter Minnesota Regional Economic and Business Conditions Reports show five of six planning areas—metro, central, northeast, northwest, southeast—experiencing strong and steady growth in the coming months. Only the southwest planning area is expected to see somewhat slower economic growth.
Across the state's six planning areas, there was an increase in average weekly wages as tight labor market conditions collided with a declining labor force. The unemployment rate increased in five of six planning areas. Business filings also increased in five of the six planning areas statewide. To view each region's full report online, click here.
“This year alone I've already met with business leaders from Faribault to Elk River to Cloquet while traveling the state—and at every stop I hear how valuable these economic reports can be for small business owners, entrepreneurs, and consumers,” said Secretary Simon. “These reports are a great resource to understanding the economic direction of each region in Minnesota and I encourage all small businesses, local governments and economic development authorities to use this resource.”
The reports were developed by the St. Cloud State University School of Public Affairs Research Institute, as part of their ongoing partnership with the Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State. The Secretary of State's Office reviews and approves all Minnesota business filings, and commissioned the reports to provide a perspective on business conditions and deliver a tool for entrepreneurs to better understand their region. There is one quarterly report for each of six statewide planning areas. The economic reviews and forecasts are based on a comprehensive examination of several datasets, including business filings.
“Labor force figures have declined in the fourth quarter, and labor shortages are appearing in many parts of the state causing higher wages,” said King Banaian, report co-author and dean of the School of Public Affairs at St. Cloud State University. “Rural Minnesota has been challenged with lower agricultural exports in 2016, but this could reverse this year.”
Here are the projections for the Southeast part of the state:
Southeast Minnesota's economy is expected to see continued strong growth over the next several months, according to a variety of economic indicators. The Southeast Minnesota LEI, which increased by 2.34 points in the third quarter, increased by another 4.04 points in the fourth quarter of 2016. Three components of the LEI had positive readings in the fourth quarter.
There were 798 new business filings with the Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State in Southeast Minnesota in the fourth quarter — representing a 7.8 percent increase from one year ago.
Employment fell by 1.9 percent over the year ending December 2016. Compared to December 2015, 5,183 fewer residents of Southeast Minnesota now have jobs. The regional unemployment rate was 3.6 percent in December, higher than the 3.1 percent level recorded in the year earlier period.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOOELE, Utah – The owner of a female husky faces a slew of charges after the dog allegedly killed more than two dozen animals in the backyards of at least two Utah homes in just a couple of hours, according to KSTU.
Police caught the culprit – a 4-year old husky – and now her owner is facing nearly 30 misdemeanor charges.
One of the Tooele residents who lost several animals, Trip Kiss, runs a petting zoo with his wife to teach animal husbandry to children with disabilities. Chickens, ducks, peacocks, a turkey and a tortoise, are just a few of the zoo's residents.
In the early morning hours of Memorial Day, he said his motion sensors went off. When Kiss looked at the surveillance video, it showed a husky running around his yard and driveway. He said the husky was targeting his animals.
"He was chewing our goose that was at the back end there, he dug out the rabbits in their enclosure," Kiss explained.
In the video, Kiss said the Husky can be seen carrying away two rabbits. It trots out of the camera's view and into the dark.
When Kiss realized what was happening, he said the husky had already killed several of his animals.
"Two rabbits, two ducks, five chickens, a turkey, a goose," Kiss said.
He said the goose was specially trained.
"The goose was so friendly," Kiss said. "It would follow us around at Renaissance fairs, charities."
Kiss said the husky took the animals and scattered them in a two-block radius around his home. He spotted the husky in his neighborhood with one of his chickens still alive in the dog's mouth.
"The dog continued to chew on it, and it died in the dog's mouth, and he dropped it," Kiss said.
He called police, and Tooele Police Sergeant Jeremy Hansen said they found out Kiss wasn't the only animal owner affected.
"A second lady from a couple houses down came and told the officers that 15 of her chickens had also been killed by the same animal," Sgt. Hansen said.
It took a couple of hours, but they finally caught the husky and brought her to the shelter to contact the owner.
Mackenzie Morton said she got the call from the shelter to explain they had her 4-year old husky, Nikita.
Morton said Nikita went missing from her boyfriend's home, which isn't far from Kiss' house.
"I didn't know where she went, because it was dark at night," Morton explained.
She said she looked for Nikita, and came across a few dead chickens in a neighbor's yard.
Nikita took off from there, Morton said, and she couldn't find her after that. Morton said she didn't want to wake the neighbors, so she kept the door cracked open at the house for Nikita to return.
"I didn't think she was going to go on a killing spree," Morton told KSTU. "I did not know that, at all."
She said what Nikita did left her in shock because her husky hasn't acted like that before.
Morton is now offering an apology to the homeowners.
"That's not fair," Morton said, getting choked up. "And I'm so sorry."
For Kiss, he said he isn't mad at the dog. He explained that he's more upset that more wasn't done to catch the husky when she escaped or to alert the neighbors to the dead chickens right away.
"I feel anger," Kiss said. "I feel anger toward the owner, because she could have prevented this."
Sgt. Hansen said the officer cited Morton with 27 counts of misdemeanor attacking animals and one count of misdemeanor animal running at large.
He said the city attorney is screening the case for the final charges.
Nikita is in quarantine at the animal shelter. Sgt. Hansen said after the 10-day quarantine is up, an administrative hearing will determine what to do with the husky.
Buleda, a very beautiful place, is located in Makran where the people are deprived of the fundamental facilities of life. Apart from this, the education sector is in low condition in Buleda, no one takes notice of that at all. In schools basic needs are not available such as boundaries walls, lights, fans, chairs, tables and staff. Sadly enough, one cannot find a library in the entire area of Buleda. As we all know that libraries play a very crucial part in the life of those who are knowledge-thirsty.
On the other hand, the children who belong to rich class families study in private schools; sadly poor children's dreams become only dreams. Thus, the government of Baluchistan is humbly requested to take some benevolent measures on this issue and provide basic needs to the students of the area.
SUMAIYA MOHAMMAD SHARIF
Via email
Related
Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Friday 6th October 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Digital Extremes
Digital Extremes is expanding. The London, Ontario-based developer of free-to-play co-op shooter Warframe is opening a new studio in nearby Toronto next month.
"Toronto has become a hub of impressive game development over the past 7-8 years," Digital Extremes VP of publishing Meredith Braun told GamesIndustry.biz "Being only two hours down the road from our headquarters in London, expanding to Toronto is a logical choice to continue growth plans for Digital Extremes and keep up with the pace of our growing stable of games."
Digital Extremes has been growing for years off the success of Warframe, establishing a California office in 2014 to handle publishing services. The new Toronto office will be focused on game development, Braun said.
"Our philosophy has always been to grow smart at a pace that's manageable," Braun said. "We're looking for the best people possible to join us in making games that touch people's lives and grow fantastic communities."
As for expanding its current game offerings beyond Warframe, the company recently announced a new free-to-play team-based shooter, The Amazing Eternals.
The Blues jumped back into the play-off places with a narrow victory away at Radcliffe Borough in this LFA Trophy semi-final dress rehearsal.
Mitch Bryant and Accrington Stanley loanee Luke Wall were at the heart of the early action.
George West, right, is congratulated after his match-winning goal against Radcliffe Borough
On three minutes, George West slipped Bryant through, only for his scuffed shot to be turned away for a corner.
On 14 minutes, Bryant cushioned a ball with his back to goal, spun round and fired in a smart shot which was well saved.
Shortly after, Wall caused mayhem in the home defence, and after pinball in the box, a penalty was awarded after a prone player was deemed to have handled the ball. Brant stepped up and hit the ball firmly, but the keeper saved.
A minute later, Bryant made amends as he drove into the box, and as he went to ground, the ball squirted through to West, who converted unchallenged.
Clitheroe look to stretch the Radcliffe Borough defence
The goal spurred Radcliffe into life. Chris Thompson was called upon to make a point blank save before another shot flashed across the face of goal.
Thompson made another good near post save, with a second shot flashing across goal.
However, Clitheroe should have put the game to bed before half-time.
Wall burst into the box and lofted a shot onto the bar, before Bryant's follow up was well saved. Then Danny Brady headed a deep corner towards goal, with the ball hacked away.
The second half was more in favour of the home team, but Brady and Ryan Ellison remained in full control.
Radcliffe were awarded a soft penalty after a forward crumpled under attention from Robbie Bromley, but the resultant spot kick was so weak, Thompson saved comfortably.
CHRIS MUSSON
Just like Hollywood, Bollywood and more, the Korean Entertainment Industry has also emerged as one of the most popular forms of entertainment all over the world.
Korean Entertainment also known as 'Hallyu' is divided into subsections such as K-pop (Korean Pop Industry), K-Drama (Korean drama or series), Korean Films and other variety programs.
Among these, K-pop and K-drama have received huge popularity and are followed by global fans.
Korean shows are in great demand presently and as a result, Kocowa, a new streaming platform has started airing all kinds of Korean shows including Kpop, K-drama and other variety shows in English for the American audience.
K-groups such as BTS have earned international fame and have shown their talents in major global ceremonies and shows like American Music Awards, Ellen show and more. BTS' official fandom 'Army' is not only based in Korea but has extended globally.
K-dramas are also one of the most watched TV sitcoms in the world, with dramas like Boys Over Flowers, Full House, The Secret Garden, Descendants of the sun and more breaking worldwide records.
Big stars like Lee Min Ho, Song Joong Ki, Song Hye Kyo, Hyun Bin, Park Shin Ye have also garnered much fame due to their roles in the popular Korean series.
Some of the biggest stars who have been away from the screen for a while are planning to make their big comebacks:
Check out 6 big celebrities who are returning to screen this year:
Hyun Bin
Hyun Bin is one of the heartthrobs of South Korea and is lovingly known as Hyun Bin oppa by fans.
The 35-year-old actor has proved himself in dramas and movies like 'Secret Garden', 'A Millionaire's First Love' and more.
Hyun is finally returning to screen with SBS drama 'Yeowoo Gaksibyeol', alongside actress Park Shin Hye.
The show portrays the story of a man and woman who search for happiness and try to move on from their painful past. The drama will be directed by Secret Garden's Shin Woo Chul.
Park Shin Hye
Park Shin Hye is one of the 'Hallyu' stars who will return with big star Hyun Bin in the SBS drama 'Yeowoo Gaksibyeol'.
Shin Hye has lead hit dramas like 'Doctors', 'The Heirs',' You Are Beautiful' and more.
With these renowned stars coming to work together, the drama will surely make it big.
Suzy
Suzy is the beauty queen of both K-pop and K-drama and is presently participating actively in the 'Hallyu' industry. The star just released her comeback album 'Faces of Love'.
Suzy is returning to screen after her hit drama 'While You Were Sleeping' alongside emerging star Lee Jong-Suk.
The actress is bound to come back soon with 'Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-Joo' actor Nam Joo Hyun in an upcoming SBS drama named 'Come Hug Me'.
The drama 'Come Hug Me' is a story of two people who are destined to come together after a painful murder case.
The drama is aiming to premiere in May.
Lee Byung- Hun
Lee Byun Hun is one of the most renowned and versatile actors of South Korea. He has excelled in his performance in movies and series like Iris, Inside Men, Joint Security Area and more.
The 47-year-old actor is returning with tvN's drama 'Mister Sunshine' alongside actress Kim Tae-ri.
Byun Hun will play the role of a man who travels to America in 1870 and returns to Joseon as a US soldier.
The drama is written by Kim Eun-sook and will be directed by Lee Eun-Bok who have worked in hits like 'Descendants of The Sun' and 'Goblin'.
The drama is set to air this summer.
Red Velvet's Joy
Popular K-pop group Red Velvet's Joy who has shown her talent in the drama 'The Liar And His Lover' is returning with MBC's 'Great Temptation' alongside actor Woo Do-han.
In the drama, Joy will play the role of a woman who doesn't believe in love whereas Do-han will try various ways to seduce the former.
'Temptation' will air in the first half of the year.
IU
Korean actress and singer IU who worked alongside Lee Joong-gi in Moon Lovers is set to return with tvN's 'My Ajeossi'.
The drama stars actor Lee Sun-kyun who will play the role of Ajeossi, a middle-aged man in the drama. The drama has sparked controversy resulting in criticism due to its storyline which involves a young woman and an older guy falling in love.
The drama will air in the first half of the year.
Automatic Job Storm Coming by John Mauldin – Mauldin Economics
Almost every weekday, some arm of the US government issues some sort of economic statistic. News media and financial analysts review and report it. Then 99.9% of the adult population, and probably 90% of the financial industry, forget all about it. And they're probably right to do so.
The monthly jobs report isn't like that. Yes, any single month doesn't tell us much. Yes, the Labor Department's methodology has some flaws, both major and minor. But imperfect as it is, the jobs report is our best look at the economy's pulse. Jobs matter in a visceral way to almost all of us, as you know well if you've ever lost one. Almost any survey that asked questions around employment would reveal the angst that many Americans feel about the possibility of losing their jobs.
Image: Cristian Eslava
Right now, automation tops the list of things that might threaten our jobs. Artificial intelligence and robotics technology are rapidly learning to do what human workers do, but better, faster, and cheaper.
I've used the following chart before, but it's a compelling illustration of how technology is reducing employment. It shows the rising rig count in the oil patch since mid-2016 – and yet the number of workers on those rigs is actually still falling. This is the impact of a new robot called an iron roughneck: Tasks that used to require 20 people now need only five. And the iron roughneck is not even that widely deployed in the oil and gas industry – the trend will hit hard in the coming decade. Roughneck jobs are relatively high-paying; it takes a great deal of training and skill to be able to do them.
Today I'll give you some quick thoughts on the just-issued November jobs report, then take a deeper look at the automation problem/opportunity. I use both words because automation truly can be either. And then we look at the failure of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) to take into account the major technological changes that are going to come our way over the next 10 to 12 years (if a host of studies is correct). I think that failure is likely to lead the FOMC to make the mother of all policy errors. And right now, a major monetary policy error is the most dangerous weapon of mass wealth destruction facing the US and the world.
Before we go on, let me briefly remind you that our Mauldin Economics VIP Program is open until December 13. VIP is our “all you can eat” package. For one low price, you get all our premium investment services and a few extra benefits as well. I believe our information will be invaluable as we move into a highly uncertain 2018. You can learn more about the VIP program here.
A Decelerating Job Picture
The jobs report for November was solid, with job growth above the recent average. But earnings were a disappointment, as we will see. Philippa Dunne's summed up the report in a recent commentary:
Employers added 228,000 jobs in November, 221,000 of them in the private sector. Both are nicely above their averages over the last six months, 164,000 headlines and 162,000 private. Almost all the major sectors and subsectors were positive. Mining and logging was up 7,000 (slightly above the average for the last year); construction, 24,000 (well above average, with specialty trades strong and civil/heavy down); manufacturing 31,000 (well above average, with almost all of it from durables); wholesale trade, 3,000 (slightly below average); retail, 19,000 (vs. an average loss of 2,000); transportation and warehousing, 11,000 (well above average); finance, 8,000 (weaker than average); professional and business services, 46,000 (right on its average, with temp firms particularly strong); education and health, 54,000 (well above average, with education, health care, and social assistance all participating); and leisure and hospitality, 14,000 (well below average). The only major down sector was information, off 4,000, slightly less negative than average. Government added 7,000, well above average, with local leading the way.
What's not to like about this? The answer is that we really need to review the report in terms of the trend. And the trend in employment is deceleration. As Peter Boockvar explains,
Also, we must smooth out all the post storm disruptions. This give us a 3-month average monthly job gain of 170k, a 6-month average of 178k, and a year-to-date average of 174k. These numbers compare with average job growth of 187k in 2016, 226k in 2015, and 250k in 2014. Again, the slowdown in job creation is a natural outgrowth of the stage of the economic cycle we are in where it gets more and more difficult finding the right supply of labor.
The growth in wages is also decelerating. I was talking with Lacy Hunt this morning about the jobs report. He noted that real wage growth for the year ending November 2015 was 2.8%, while for the year ending November 2016 it was just 1%. The savings rate is now the lowest in 10 years. The velocity of money is still slowing, which means that businesses have to do everything they can to hold down costs, and one of those things is to rein in wages.
And yet the Federal Reserve has a fetish for this thing called the Phillips curve, a theory that was thoroughly debunked by Milton Friedman early on and later by numerous other economists as having no empirical link to reality. But since the Fed has no other model, they cling desperately to it, like a drowning man to a bit of driftwood. Basically, the theory says that when employment is close to being as full, as it is right now, wage inflation is right around the corner. According to the Phillips curve, then, the FOMC needs to be tightening monetary policy. Later we'll see how the FOMC's faulty tool is likely to lead to a major monetary policy error.
Basically, the Federal Reserve looks at history and tries to conjure models of future economic performance based on it – even as everyone in the financial industry goes on intoning that past performance is not indicative of future results. But all the Fed has is history, and they cling to it. My contention is that the near future is not going to look like the near or the distant past, and so we had better throw out our historical analogies and start thinking outside the box. Now let's look at some real problems that will impact the future of employment.
Robotic Wipeout
Last month I shared in Outside the Box a new McKinsey report on job automation. Actually, I shared an Axios article summarizing that report, which is 160 pages long. You can read it here if you have time. McKinsey does a good job pulling together data and forecasting its consequences.
Every year, reports like this reflect a process that's occurred many times in human history. People discover or invent something useful: fire, the wheel, iron, gunpowder, coal, oil, the steam engine, electricity, the automobile, the airplane, the computer, etc. Life changes as the new knowledge spreads. People either adapt or they don't. Those who don't adapt fade into the background. In the last few decades of their working lives, they end up taking the very lowliest of jobs in order to get some food, clothing, and shelter; but it's not a comfortable life. There was no government safety net for most of our history. But most people tried hard to adapt their skills to the new changes. And as we adapted to radically disruptive inventions like the steam engine, automobile, and computer, hardly anyone had the necessary skills, and so everyone had to learn.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Dewsbury Rams kicked off their Betfred Championship campaign with this narrow win over Sheffield Eagles.
The Rams appeared well on course for victory as they led 14-0 at half-time only for Sheffield to turn the game on its head with three tries in 10 minutes.
Centre James Glover gave Dewsbury a seventh-minute lead when he gathered a short pass by Paul Sykes to race through a gap.
A lovely sweeping move ended when winger Rob Worrincy gathered and dived over at the right corner and Sykes converted.
Dewsbury added a third try four minutes before half-time as they drove play close to the line and Dominic Speakman sold an outrageous dummy which left a gaping hole for him to cross.
Mark Offerdahl began the Eagles fightback seven minutes into the second half when he crashed over by the posts and Oscar Thomas converted. Joshua Toole dived over three minutes later and Thomas converted.
Dewsbury were attacking but a wayward Sykes pass gave Sheffield chance to counter and more fine handling ended with centre Jake Spedding crossing wide on the left.
Thomas added another terrific goal to edge the Eagles ahead.
Dewsbury were behind for just four minutes and from the Rams' next attack impressive scrum-half Gareth Moore produced a sublime cut out pass to Dale Morton, who raced down the touchline and dived in at the corner.
Sykes made amends for his earlier mistake by adding a wonderful touchline goal to edge the Rams back in front, before closingd the game out.
Dewsbury Rams: Guzdek; Worrincy, Glover, Hallett, Morton; Sykes, Moore, Sheriffe, Ward, Teanby, Walshaw, Knowles, Brown. Substitutes: Speakman, Everett, Reilly, Trout.
Sheffield Eagles: Millar; Macani, Spedding, Toole, Blackmore; Aston, Thomas; Lees, Fozard, Magrin, Ashworth, Pick, James. Substitutes: Djalout, Bentley, Moran, Offerdahl.
Referee: G Dolan.
× Expand MaRS Committee
MaRS 2017 is a 1 1/2 day event for Maintenance, Reliability, and Operations Personnel in the Gulf Coast area to learn and grow in their profession. The keynote speaker was R. Keith Mobley, SME, Life Cycle Engineering.
The MaRS Committee from L to R: Crystal Cedro, Hunter Buildings; Carol Braun, (Retired); Kelli Hefner, BIC Alliance; Rodney Shaver, Turner Industries; Chad Broussard, Phillips 66; Jimmy Jernigan, LyondellBassell
Two members of tractor enthusiast club Blue Force are celebrating 100 years of blue tractor production in 2017 by undertaking a 5000 mile, 51 day Coastline Tractor Challenge, not previously attempted on tractors.
The pair set off from New Holland's Basildon factory on Thursday, April 13, in two new T6 tractors supplied by the manufacturer.
New Holland on the road
Blue Force club members have a passion for preserving and running vintage and modern Fordson, Ford and New Holland marque tractors.
Phil Gibson, chairman of Blue Force, and Peter Plehov, club treasurer, will drive a route around the coast of mainland UK & Ireland, stopping at several points on route including Bournemouth, Galway and Edinburgh.
Phil and Peter set off from the gates of New Holland's Basildon factory at 9am on new T6.145 and T6.180 tractors, which have been donated by New Holland. Each tractor will tow a shepherd's hut, built by Phil and Peter. One hut for sleeping accommodation and the other for fuel, oil and supplies.
Phil and Peter's Coastline Tractor Challenge will culminate at Tractor Fest on the 10th & 11th of June at Newby Hall, Ripon, North Yorkshire.
Andrew Watson, Business Director, New Holland UK and Ireland, said: “We have always had a close relationship with the Blue Force Club so we were delighted to assist Peter and Phil when we heard about their challenge. We look forward to following their progress and wish them luck on their journey.”
Phil Gibson said: “I have been overwhelmed by the tremendous support from New Holland, without them we would not be doing any of this.”
The trip is almost entirely funded by donations that have come from club members and generous sponsors. New Holland dealer Robertsons of Orkney have funded the pair's ferry crossings to the Orkney Islands to guarantee the islands' blue tractor fans can be part of the celebrations. Other New Holland dealers along the 5000-mile route are hosting events to celebrate 100 years of blue tractors and support Phil and Peter on their Coastline Challenge.
Phil, who is a lifelong blue tractor user and fan, said about the challenge that he and treasurer Peter had, “lived, worked and breathed tractors all our lives, but this is something very new”.
The Coastline Challenge will also raise funds for two charities, Steps Conductive Education Centre in Loughborough, and Cancer Research UK. Phil and Peter have a personal connection with the charities and the pair aim to raise £25,000 by the end of 2017. They have raised nearly £7,000 before setting off from Basildon.
To follow the progress of Phil and Peter on the Coastline Challenge, The Blue Force Tractor Club Twitter and Facebook feeds will provide regular update, and a list of locations can be found on the club's website www.blueforce.uk.com.
Persons with disabilities have staged a protest in Awka, the Anambra State capital, over their voting rights.
The group said its members were being marginalised in election issues. It demanded equal voting access in the November 18, 2017 poll in the state and in other elections.
The Executive Director of Centre for Citizen with Disabilities, Mr. David Anyaele, led the protest.
Anyaele said persons with disabilities were more than 600,000 in Anambra State and over 25 million in Nigeria.
He said,“The number of people with disabilities in Nigeria towered above the number of citizens in countries like Croatia, Belgium Denmark, and New Zealand put together".
He said the group would take their protest to the Independent National Electoral Commission and ask to be provided with items as braille ballots, assistive devices, especially for the visually impaired amongst them.
The group threatened to take its protest to the National and State Houses of Assembly if they were not properly accommodated in the electoral processes of the country, starting with the Anambra poll.
It maintained that it had lined up activities in that respect, including interfacing with INEC officials, political parties, security agencies, heads of organisations, the media to sensitize them on areas of intervention on the marginalisation of their members.
It added,“Also, we will train and deploy two persons with disabilities each as observers across the 21 local government areas of Anambra State to observe the governorship election of November 18.
"We shall also impress on INEC to carefully choose the location of polling units to ensure that they are accessible for PWDs by locating polling units on flat surfaces as opposed to corridors , especially where ramps and handrails are yet to be provided”The group used the occasion to launch its chapter in Anambra State.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Long before the wonderful glut of goals, as Sadio Mane skied the second of two sitters into what pass for cheap seats these days, an Anfield groan grew a little angry.
Just like Jurgen Klopp, who turned to the stands and demanded applause for Mane, his gestures urging them to encourage not admonish.
It was Klopp the rabble-rouser.
There have been moments in his time at Liverpool when a few sceptics wondered if he was little more than that, an extravagantly-paid cheerleader with an infectious laugh, a whirling dervish with enthusiasm in more abundance than managerial nous.
Those moments have long gone.
(Image: PA Wire)
Yes, the theatrical rallying of the masses is part of his arm-waving, hollering package.
Its effect was clear or coincidental here, the period of pressure started by Mane's hapless miscuing ending with Mo Salah putting Roma to the calm and clinical sword.
But Klopp is, of course, much more than someone who can help whip up a decent atmosphere.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
This remarkable Champions League form is showing him to be a coach of many facets, a man-manager supreme.
Tactically, think of the job he has done with the remarkable Salah, the way he has deployed him in this fluid three-man attack.
The Egyptian's brilliance has become one of the more astonishing storylines of this domestic and European season but Klopp has helped unlock brilliance that even Salah probably never knew was there.
And it is clear he has helped not just with his game plans but with the way he has managed him in every aspect.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Before signing him, Klopp and Salah sat for three hours, chatting about football, family, life and whatever else cropped up.
Klopp liked everything about Salah as a man and the reverse was true. It was the basis for this stunningly happy marriage.
Less than 48 hours ahead of kick-off here, Salah had been suited, booted and bothered by a lot of well-refreshed punters at a Mayfair hotel, picking up his Player of the Year award.
(Image: REUTERS)
It was hardly a riotous or demanding gig for Salah but there are a few coaches of elite clubs who might have suggested he made his acceptance speech to a lens on Merseyside.
Sir Alex Ferguson took a lot of persuading to allow Cristiano Ronaldo to pick up one of his Footballer of the Year awards a couple of days ahead of the 2006-07 FA Cup Final, even though Manchester United were staying in London.
Ferguson eventually relented but attended himself and put Cristiano on the clock. When he decided Ronaldo had been there long enough, he stabbed at his watch in familiar fashion.
Klopp, on the other hand, sent a lovely video message and hinted at a punctual return to work for Salah.Jokingly. He couldn't have been more relaxed had he had a beer in his hand.
When you get Klopp's trust, it seems, you keep it.
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
Even when you are youthful as Trent Alexander-Arnold and have just had a wake-up call at Old Trafford, especially when you are as diligent, honest and as underrated as James Milner.
Both were excellent here but then the same could be said about Mane, who eventually atoned for those misses and for Roberto Firmino who matched Salah's couple to make progression to the final seem like a formality until the late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti.
Klopp looked understandably furious - maybe partly with himself for withdrawing Salah before conceding - but Liverpool fans should not seriously fear a capitulation in Rome.
As he has demonstrated in the vanquishing of Manchester City and in vast, vast swathes of this contest, he is too savvy a coach to allow that.
Jurgen Klopp - much more than a cheerleader.
FRANKFORT, Ky. (Dec. 29, 2016) – The end of the year is a time for reflecting on the past 12 months and envisioning the possibilities for the new year.
The directors of the Fisheries, Wildlife and Wildlife Diversity divisions at the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources recently previewed what's ahead in 2017.
From firming-up long-range plans for the restoration of ruffed grouse in Kentucky and management of the state's black bear population to expanding the popular Fishing in Neighborhoods (FINs) program and releasing thousands of rare mussels into the wild, a common theme stretches across the divisions. Conserving fish and wildlife habitats and populations and expanding opportunities for hunters, anglers and others are top priorities.
In Fisheries, Asian carp will continue to be a major focus. Commercial harvest is an effective tool for large-scale removal of the invasive fish and Fisheries director Ron Brooks said a multi-year effort to help the Asian carp processing industry expand in Kentucky is expected to bear fruit in 2017.
“We've been working on this for about two years and it's finally coming around,” he said.
The department has been working with fish processors, commercial fishermen, legislators, government agencies and businesses to find ways to make a greater dent in the Asian carp population.
The proposed system would train new commercial fishermen how to harvest Asian carp and assist commercial fishermen already harvesting Asian carp while reducing costs and delays for processors, Brooks said.
“We're reaching out to help the Asian carp-harvesting industry meet its needs and hopefully lead into expansion of their businesses, all to get rid of Asian carp,” he said. “We're focusing a lot of our efforts on Kentucky and Barkley lakes because we believe we can have an immediate impact there. We're trying to ensure our sportfish species aren't taken out.”
Elsewhere in Fisheries, a long-term project to increase forage and improve fishing opportunity at Cave Run Lake will wrap up in 2017. The project focused on the Ramey's Creek and Warix coves in 2016. Department personnel added around 1,000 trees, 500 pallet structures, 150 bucket stake attractors, 10 wooden cable spools and 50 plastic pipe trees. A map showing the locations of these fish attractors is available online at fw.ky.gov. Type “Cave Run Lake Fish Habitat Improvement Project” into the search box on the homepage.
The popular Fishing in Neighborhoods (FINs) program is adding five new lakes to its lineup: Flemingsburg Old Reservoir in Fleming County, Kess Creek Park Lake in Graves County, Leary Lake in Grant County, Logan Hubble Park Lake in Lincoln County and Rotary Park Lake in Hickman County. The addition of these lakes brings the number of FINs lakes to 43 across the state.
Anglers can start planning now where they want to fish and for what species in with the new Fishing Forecast for Kentucky's major fisheries. The 2017 edition is available on the department's website by clicking on the “Fish” tab and choosing “Forecast” from the dropdown menu. The annual compilation highlights new, expanding and improving fisheries across the state.
Deer hunters in Kentucky have enjoyed another successful season in 2016.
“We're going to end up in the top 5 in terms of our overall harvest total,” said Steve Beam, Wildlife Division director for Kentucky Fish and Wildlife. “We're producing tremendous numbers of trophy quality bucks. At the same time, our herd is healthy. Things continue to be wonderful.”
At its December meeting, the Kentucky Fish and Wildlife Commission voted to expand opportunities for youth and muzzleloader deer hunters on some wildlife management areas in 2017. The 2017-18 Kentucky Hunting and Trapping Guide, due out in July, will note these and any other pertinent changes.
John Hast was a biologist in the department's deer and elk program before taking over as coordinator of its bear program in January 2015. He anticipates having a draft of a long-range management plan for Kentucky's black bear population ready in 2017.
“We've been doing in-house research since bears returned to the state,” Hast said. “We just completed the project that's going to provide our foundation for management for the next 15 years.
“A management plan, to me, gives me an opportunity to summarize all of that data and put it in one spot and distill it out and translate it. The plan will set forth what we've got but also what we're going to be doing in the near future to refine things.”
Also in 2017, expect to hear more from the department about wild pigs in Kentucky, Beam said.
“We have re-evaluated and are in the process of increasing our efforts on wild pig eradication, working with landowners and cooperating with our partners,” he said.
In the department's Wildlife Diversity division, led by director Sunni Carr, biologists plan to conduct a statewide survey of osprey nesting locations and also start a loggerhead shrike banding project in the hopes of learning more about the migration and causes of decline for the species.
Additionally, the statewide survey for eastern whip-poor-wills and chuck-will's-widows will be expanded to examine trends for Kentucky's night birds. The department's Center for Mollusk Conservation (CMC) plans to release endangered pink muckets in Kentucky for the 10th year. There are now several thousand of these mussels at more than 23 locations.
The department's website provides a wealth of information about the work being done by each of these divisions. While there, consider purchasing a 2017-18 hunting and fishing license. The new license year starts March 1.
Author Kevin Kelly is a staff writer for Kentucky Afield magazine, the official publication of the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources. Get the latest from Kevin and the entire Kentucky Afield staff by following them on Twitter: @kyafield.
West Indies dismiss Bangladesh for record low of 43
North Sound (Antigua and Barbuda), Jul 4 (AFP) Kemar Roach took five wickets as West Indies demolished Bangladesh for 43, their lowest Test total, on the opening morning of the first Test in Antigua on Wednesday.
At lunch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, West Indies had reached nine without loss. Bangladesh's pitiful performance was also the second shortest first innings in the 141-year history of Test cricket.
At 18.4 overs, it was just one ball longer than Australia's dismissal for 60 off 18.3 overs by England at Nottingham in 2015.
Put in to bat on the greenest surface seen in the ten years of Test cricket at the venue, the Bangladeshis were no match for the quality of the West Indies fast bowling.
Roach set the rout in motion by claiming the first five wickets for eight runs in just five overs despite appearing to be troubled by a muscular strain behind his right knee.
However, it was the visiting batsmen who felt the greatest discomfort with only opener Liton Das reaching double-figures in a performance that once again exposed the vulnerability of their players in conditions away from what they are generally familiar with on the Indian sub-continent.
Das was sixth out for 25, an ugly heave offering a simple catch to Roston Chase at backward point off Miguel Cummins to end any prospect of Roach claiming all ten wickets in the innings.
Cummins, whose place in the final eleven was in question after a lack of success in the preceding three-Test series against Sri Lanka, took two more wickets.
West Indies captain Jason Holder, fresh from a nine-wicket haul in defeat in the final Test against the Sri Lankans in Barbados, polished off the innings with the wickets of Kamrul Islam and debutant Abu Jayed.
Jayed was always in line for his maiden Test cap given the pitch conditions and the absence through injury from the tour of Bangladesh's most effective seamer Mustafizur Rahman.
In his very first session of Test cricket, he came to the crease as the last man in the batting line-up and had first to use the new ball in the West Indies reply.
If they were relying on their most senior players to lead them through what was expected to be a tough opening session, Bangladesh were poorly served by the experienced quartet as captain Shakib al Hassan, former skipper Musfiqur Rahim and all-rounder Mahmudullah all failed to score while opener Tamim Iqbal contributed four runs before becoming the first wicket to fall, caught at the wicket, to trigger the swift tumbling of wickets
The man alleged to have killed two traffic officers after he ploughed into a roadblock is still behind bars‚ the Johannesburg Metro Police Department said on Friday.
Albert Pretorius made his second court appearance in the Alexandra Magistrate's Court on Thursday. His case was postponed to February 8‚ said Chief Superintendant Wayne Minnaar.
Pretorius‚ 42‚ is applying for bail.
Sandton police Captain Granville Meyer told TimesLIVE that Pretorius was facing two counts of culpable homicide and driving under the influence of alcohol. Additional charges could still be added.
Pretorius was alleged to have been intoxicated at the time of the crash.
"There were gin bottles and Smirnoff Spin empty bottles inside the car. The officer who was recording the accident said he couldn't count the number of bottles‚" Minnaar said previously.
It was believed that Pretorius had lost control of his vehicle and rammed into a roadblock manned by the JMPD along Witkoppen Road‚ near Montecasino‚ on Monday.
The officers‚ Winnie Mokgolo‚ 35‚ and Sophie Ngoasheng‚ 45 were declared dead on the scene.
Pretorius was arrested and taken to Sandton police station after blood samples were taken.
In a season where beauty blogger and brand collaborations are routinely launched, cosmetics fans could get a little inundated with new products. Jackie Aina x Too Faced, however, is a totally different collaboration than most, and it's resulted in a shade expansion that has been a long time in the making but could be coming at fans' way sooner than expected.
On Sunday, Aina took to her YouTube channel to upload a Get Ready With Me video. The casual, chit-chat style tutorial seemed innocuous on the surface, but the beauty vlogger was hiding a bit of a tease and some major news if you watched the upload. Aina dropped a major hint about her latest project, and it's sure to have fans of her and Too Faced stoked.
At the beginning of the video, Aina follows her typical routine, which you're well acquainted with if you're a fan. First she applies her primer followed by her flaw finish, oily skin hack of applying powder over her primer and before her foundation. Then, it's time for her base, and at first, she seemed reluctant to mention it, but thankfully for fans, she did.
Aina revealed that she is using none other than her very own crafted Too Faced Born This Way Foundation shade, and she hinted that the others are coming very soon.
Jackie Aina on YouTube
In the video, Aina first says she can't show fans the foundation she's using, but presumably because it's not a brand-new product, she gives viewers a sneak peek. The bottle is the classic Born This Way packaging, and Aina explains that the other news shades will, "be out soon. Soon. Soon," as the camera zooms in on her face in what could be hinted that these new colors are coming much sooner than fans may expect.
If you're confused about why Aina is working with Too Faced, you may have missed some major news from the brand and blogger back in 2017. During her 30 birthday celebration, Aina announced some major news. She and Too Faced founder Jerrod Blandino were teaming up to expand the shade range of the brand's iconic Born This Way foundation. Aina would be helping craft everything from the formula to the shades. She and Blandino both announced the partnership via Instagram.
In her announcement, Aina explained that helping Too Faced was a dream come true. She said, "I'm so glad that all of the awareness we've created about INCLUSIVENESS is finally being heard and I get to curate these new shades from the FORMULA all the way to the shade names that will be available to all of you in the near future!!!"
As for Blandino, he's equally excited about the collaboration, and he's taken to his Instagram account to tease fans with the work the pair have been doing. During the announcement, he explained that Aina was the perfect partner saying, "This means the world to me, it's so important to me that everyone feels included and knows they're seen and loved; and this is the perfect partnership to do just that! I adore Jackie and am so proud she's going to make our TF world even more beautiful!"
Clearly, the partnership turned out to be just as successful as the pair hoped. In Aina's video, she explains that working with Too Faced and Blandino was an incredible experience saying, "Jerrod was incredibly gracious and so supportive. Like, any time I put my foot down about something, Jerrod was always like, 'If that's what Jackie wants, that's what Jackie wants.' And it's just been amazing working with him."
As for when Jackie Aina x Too Faced Born This Way will release, fans still don't know. However, it's clear that the time is getting close, and if you want to see how the new Aina created shade looks, she's officially given fans a peek.
A leading organist will be joined by an acclaimed harpist for an evening of classical Advent and Christmas music in Luton next week.
The Music on Mondays series welcomes Rufus Frowde, organist and assistant director of music at the Chapel Royal, Hampton Court Palace, along with The Hampton Court Royal Consort of Voices accompanied by harpist Daniel de Fry.
The concert will feature music conceived around the seven Antiphons of Advent, with Britten's evergreen A Ceremony of Carols, along with works by John Rutter, James MacMillan, Rufus Frowde, Henryk Górecki, Andrew Carter, Bob Chilcott, Thomas Tallis, Benjamin Britten and Jonathan Dove, with many traditional seasonal sacred pieces in the programme.
Frowde has played at numerous cathedrals around Europe, while de Fry was presented by Prince Charles with the Royal College of Music's most prestigious award, the Tagore Gold Medal, in 2009.
The special concert is being offered as a memorial to long-standing Luton Music member Maggie Cole, who died in November.
She received care at Keech Hospice, for which there will be a collection at the end of the evening.
The concert takes place at St Mary's Church in Luton on Monday, December 11, from 7.45pm. Admission is free.
See Lutonmusic.org.uk for details.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephanie McMahon has described Conor McGregor as a "perfect fit" for WWE.
The Irishman made the transition from UFC to the boxing ring earlier this year for his fight with Floyd Mayweather, and now questions are swirling around his future.
The Notorious has been linked with a switch to Sports Entertainment previously, due to his mic skills and out-of-ring persona, having become one of the biggest stars in both boxing or MMA.
And WWE's chief brand officer and daughter of owner Vince McMahon, believes that McGregor's authenticity and swagger makes certainly appeals.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: © WWE)
"I think Conor would be a perfect fit with WWE," said McMahon, speaking at a leader in Sports convention at Stamford Bridge.
"He certainly has the personality and the athletic ability, the appeal.
"He speaks his mind, he's very genuine and authentic and he has a hell of a Vince McMahon swagger."
(Image: Getty Images)
In August, WWE superstar Chris Jericho predicted McGregor to WWE was only a matter of time.
"Will Conor McGregor end up in the WWE? I think it's a no-brainer," he told Sports Illustrated. "It might not be this year or the year after that because there's a lot of money that you got to spend to get him in there.
"But a guy that yappy, who knows the concept of cutting a wrestling promo - I think Conor will definitely end up there, it's just a matter of when he wants to."
WILMINGTON — Wilmington City Schools has been honored with the Best Communities for Music Education designation from The NAMM Foundation for its outstanding commitment to music education. They are one of only 583 districts across the nation to earn this honor.
The BCME designation is awarded to districts that demonstrate outstanding achievement in efforts to provide music access and education to all students.
To qualify for the Best Communities designation, WCS answered detailed questions about funding, graduation requirements, music class participation, instruction time, facilities, support for the music program, and community music-making programs.
Responses were verified with school officials and reviewed by The Music Research Institute at the University of Kansas.
“We are honored to be recognized with this designation. This is a tribute to the many people who make music an integral part of education in the Wilmington Schools,” said Matt Spradlin, WHS Director of Bands, on behalf of WCS music educators.
Research into music education continues to demonstrate educational/cognitive and social skill benefits for children who make music, according to Wilmington City Schools.
In a series of landmark studies by researchers at Northwestern University, a link was found between students in community music programs and life-long academic success, including higher high school graduation rates and college attendance.
In another study from the university, it was discovered that the benefits of early exposure to music education improves how the brain processes and assimilates sounds, a trait that lasts well into adulthood.
WCS music teachers recently asked their elementary students what music meant to them:
• “Music is what keeps me calm. Something I like most.” — Zeth
• “It means a lot to me because my mom sang songs to get me to sleep when I was a baby.” — Layni
• “To me music is playing from the heart.” — Mia
• “Music is experiencing feelings through song and dance.” — Bryn
• “I like music because it helps us learn.” — Kiera
Wilmington City Schools, as part of a supportive community, has a rich history of providing outstanding music and fine arts programs for students in kindergarten through 12th grade.
The NAMM Foundation is a nonprofit which advances active participation in music making across the lifespan by supporting scientific research, philanthropic giving, and public service programs.
For more information, visit www.nammfoundation.org.
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_BCME_18_logoBCMYK-Unicode-Encoding-Conflict-_preview-003-.jpeg
In May, spring usually makes its season finale before summer temperatures premiere. You may feel a bit sad bidding the temperate weather adieu, but that's probably not the saddest goodbye you have to say next month. The saddest farewells will probably go to all of the movies and shows leaving Netflix in May 2018. The good news is that you still have plenty of time to catch most of the movies leaving Netflix. For instance, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is leaving Netflix on May 12, which means that you can schedule a farewell viewing before it goes to whatever abyss movies that Netflix doesn't offer reside.
If you're feeling especially down about the fact that such great movies are leaving Netflix soon, don't worry. The constant cycling of Netflix's content is as natural as the seasons changing. It's like the ebb and flow of the ocean's tide, or even the turning from night to day. It may seem like a loss, but really it's not so bad because a whole new set of series and movies will also arrive on Netflix in May. See? It's just like life, for which change is constant. You probably didn't expect a conversation about a streaming service to get so philosophical, but then again, Netflix is life, so it actually makes sense.
The National Grocers Association (NGA) on Tuesday during The NGA Show in Las Vegas honored the winners of its Creative Choice Awards in the Marketing and Merchandising categories. The “Outstanding Merchandiser” and “Outstanding Marketer” titles are the highest honors of the Creative Choice contest.
This year's contest featured new categories and included two winners for each category, one entry from a 1-15 store operator and one entry from a 15-plus store operator. More than 300 entries were judged based on the criteria of creativity, clarity and effectiveness by a panel of industry experts. The Outstanding Merchandiser and Outstanding Marketer recipients were selected from a list of category winners and were determined by both the judges, and through online voting, which incorporated nearly 3,000 votes.
Outstanding Merchandiser was awarded to Festival Foods for its “Eat Well” ad campaign entry. Festival Foods' team of registered dietitians developed a quarterly Eat Well ad that encompassed affordable and healthy recipes. Within these ads, family favorite recipes were selected and merchandised together in Festival stores.
Outstanding Marketer was awarded to Broulim's for its video campaign called “Hear from Customers Like You.” Broulim's hired a film crew to visit the homes of five of its online customers and collect various customer testimonial spots and interviews. The videos feature the personal stories about the benefits and convenience of online grocery shopping with Broulim's. Broulim's then launched a video marketing campaign to engage its communities, relay the convenience of grocery shopping online and get its audience excited about trying the service.
“The Creative Choice Awards contest is a wonderful program that recognizes the talented, creative and innovative campaigns of independent grocers all across the country,” said NGA President and CEO Peter J. Larkin. “It brings attention and acclaim to these fantastic events that add an element of fun and excitement to the shopping experience, and are largely unseen outside of the local market.”
The annual Creative Choice Awards contest, sponsored by Kellogg's and Unilever, honors the best marketing and merchandising programs in the independent supermarket industry that have boosted store traffic, increased item or department sales, positively impacted overall store sales or provided a unique benefit to the community. Marketing campaigns and merchandising events or promotions held between Dec.. 1, 2015, and Dec. 1, 2016, were eligible for this year's contest.
2017 Creative Choice Awards Winners
Marketing
Category 1: Connections Through Social Media And Digital Marketing
1-15 store winner: Broulim's Video Campaign: Hear from Customers Like You, Broulim's Fresh Foods
15-plus store winner: Harps 50% Off Produce, Harps Food Stores
Category 2: Connections Through TV And Radio
1-15 store winner: Kaune's Branding Campaign, Kaune's Neighborhood Market
15-plus store winner: It's the Little Things, Festival Foods
Category 3: Connections Through Print
1-15 store winner: Shindigs (Holiday Recipe Guide), Newport Avenue Market
15-plus store winner: More Rewards Ad Scape in St. Cloud Times, Coborn's
Category 4: Integrated Marketing Campaign
1-15 store winner: Black Box Coffee Bar and Donuttery Grand Opening, Country Harvest
15-plus store winner: Battle at Bristol Campaign, K-VA-T Food Stores
Category 5: Grand Opening Or Remodel
1-15 store winner: Ron's Country Market Remodel, Ron's Country Market
15-plus store winner: Harvest Market Grand Opening, Niemann Foods
Merchandising
Category 6: Single Manufacturer Event
1-15 store winner: Kids Week-“Surf's Up!” with Kemps, Chris' Food Center
15-plus store winner: Race for the Ryder Cup, Karns Food
Category 7: Store Event
1-15 store winner: Meet the Ranchers Store Event, Newport Avenue Market
15-plus store winner: Eat Fresh. Eat Local., Associated Retail Operations
Category 8: Public Service Or Charitable Cause Event
1-15 store winner: WPVGA Potato Contest, Trig's (T.A. Solberg Co.)
15-plus store winner: World Largest Pineapple Display, Coborn's
Category 9: Center Store/GM/HBC
1-15 store winner: Champagne's Market & Kitchenary, Champagne's Market & The Kitchenary
15-plus store winner: Eat Well ad campaign, Festival Foods
Category 10: Perimeter Departments
1-15 store winner: Fromage Fantastique, West Seattle Thriftway
15-plus store winner: Birchberry Soup Program, Associated Food Stores
*Editor's note: Find more NGA Show coverage here and here and on our social media channels.
This couple is seeing double rings!
When Becky McCabe went to propose to her girlfriend, Jessa Gillaspie, she stalled her answer by doing THIS.
True love never lies! Congrats to the happy couple.
HC disposes off Minerva owner Bajaj's plea, asks AIFF to decide his appeal in 6 weeks
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) The Delhi High Court today directed banned Minerva Punjab FC owner Ranjit Bajaj to approach the India Football Federation's Appeals Committee for the revocation of his suspension while disposing off his writ petition.
Earlier this month, the AIFF had banned Bajaj for one year from all football activity and also imposed a fine of Rs 10 lakh after the federation found him guilty of making racist remarks against a referee.
The incident happened during Minerva's U-18 Youth League play-off match against Aizawl FC that ended in a 1-1 draw at the JLN Stadium in Shillong on May 12.
It is learnt that the court, while refusing to entertain Bajaj's plea, has directed him to approach the AIFF's Appeals Committee. The court has given him two weeks' time to do so.
Bajaj, on his part, said, "The HC has given AIFF six weeks' time to hear and decide on our four appeals before the AIFF Appeals Committee which has been pending."
The AIFF Disciplinary Committee, while slapping the sanctions, said this was the fourth offence committed by Bajaj within a span of year.
According to the disciplinary committee's finding, Bajaj hurled racial comments and abuses against referee Pynskhemhame Mawthoh, who is of North East descent during the match.
During the period of suspension, Bajaj has been banned from any football-related activities or entry into the stadium during any tournament held under the aegis of AIFF
Montreal's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather. Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal, with officials expected to provide an update later today.
Officials in Montreal say 11 people have now died from heat-related complications. (The Canadian Press)
Meanwhile, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency. Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend. The ambulance corporation says it has received 1,200 calls per day in Montreal and nearby Laval over the past four days, which is 30 per cent more than on usual busy days.
Article Continued Below
Urgences-sante president Nicola D'Ulisse says the service is overwhelmed and has reached the limits of what it can provide. He is asking residents to call a provincial health-consultation line in the event of minor health problems or to check in with friends or family and leave 911 lines free for real emergencies. Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday.
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday. ( Graham Hughes / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Read more about:
EUGENE, Ore. — Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No. 6 Oregon over No. 25 California 91-54 on Friday night.
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was her 11th of the season.
It was Oregon's largest margin of victory in a conference game this season.
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
After a sluggish first quarter, Oregon pulled away with a 10-0 run in the second to lead 46-29 at the break. Ionescu had 15 points in the first half.
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 per cent. The Golden Bears shot 21 of 55 for 38.2 per cent.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
NEW YORK (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 8:46 pm |
Facebook plunged to its worst loss in four years Monday and led a rout in technology companies. The social media company's stock fell following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users.
The drop in Facebook stock came after the New York Times and the Guardian reported that the firm, Cambridge Analytica, was able to tap the profiles of more than 50 million Facebook users without permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook and said they want more information about what happened.
Elsewhere, the British pound rose and European stocks slumped after Britain and the European Union said they are getting closer to a deal that will complete Britain's departure from the EU in March 2019.
The S&P 500 index sank 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92. The benchmark index took its biggest loss since Feb. 8, when it tumbled almost 4 percent as investors worried that rising inflation would slow the progress of the market and the U.S. economy.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91. During the day it fell as much as 493 points. The Nasdaq composite gave up 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
Larger technology companies including Apple and Microsoft fared worse than smaller ones. Another market favorite, Amazon, also dropped, and health care stocks fell more than the rest of the market.
Representatives of Britain and the European Union said they made progress on the terms of Britain's departure from the bloc. British envoy David Davis said important steps have been made in the last few days and he thinks EU leaders will back them in a meeting Thursday and Friday. Britain is scheduled to officially leave the EU on March 29, 2019.
The pound rose to $1.4050 from $1.3938. The British FTSE 100 index fell 1.7 percent and Germany's DAX fell 1.4 percent. France's CAC-40 was 1.1 percent lower.
Facebook said late Friday that it suspended Cambridge Analytica and its parent company. It said Cambridge obtained data from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app that was described as a personality test. Facebook learned of the breach more than two years ago but hadn't disclosed it.
On Monday Facebook said it hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge. Its stock sank $12.53, or 6.8 percent, to $172.56, its biggest one-day loss since March 2014.
Twenty-nine of the 30 Dow stocks finished the day with losses. The exception was airplane maker Boeing.
Bond prices gave up an early gain. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.85 percent.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell 28 cents to $62.06 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 16 cents to $66.05 per barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline lost 2 cents to $1.92 a gallon. Heating oil remained at $1.91 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.65 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold added $5.50 to $1,317.80 an ounce. Silver rose 5 cents to $16.33 an ounce. Copper lost 2 cents to $3.08 a pound.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 fell 0.9 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng edged up less than 0.1 percent. Seoul's Kospi lost 0.8 percent.
The dollar slipped to 105.97 yen from 106.10 yen. The euro rose to $1.2357 from $1.2284.
Antoine Vermette was given a 10-minute game misconduct for “abuse of official” in an Anaheim Ducks win over the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday. Vermette lost a faceoff in the 3rd period and apparently didn't care for the way the puck was dropped. He stood there for a moment after the faceoff and then hit linesman Shandor Alphonso in the back of the leg. This caused great confusion amongst the teams and announcers. According to ESPN, the NHL rule book says that Vermette could be looking at a 10-game suspension.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Epic fantasy drama Game of Thrones Season 7 is in full swing with more bloody murders, evil scheming and fire-breathing dragons.
But what we've just heard about the costume department could be one of the most interesting stories to come out so far.
It's emerged capes worn by Jon Snow and the Night's Watch are actually made from £40 Ikea rugs.
The show's head costume designer Michele Clapton confessed to the wardrobe secret at a talk in Los Angeles. She revealed: “These capes are actually IKEA rugs.
“It's a bit of a trick. We take anything we can. We cut and we shaved them, and we added strong leather straps and then break them down."
Since news of the rug trick spread, hundreds of fans have been flocking down to their local stores to pick up their own.
And many have been sharing snaps of themselves draped in the "SKOLD" sheepskin rug, which comes in dark brown and is sold as being "soil-repellent and hard-wearing."
Doesn't mention anything about protecting you against White Walkers but we can only hope.
Asda Partnership
Throne fans looking to expand their flat pack winter wardrobe beyond a throw should consider a trip to Asda where this Targaryen T-Shirt is just £10.
If you're thinking 'what is this Game of Thrones you speak of?' then you might want to binge watch the lot.
Kick off with Season One for £15 - or if you're just after a re-cap, Season Six is £25.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street, which is only used for major announcements.
She will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow, Wednesday, to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on her previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of “unity” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
“We need a General Election and we need one now,” she said.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he welcomed Mrs May's announcement because it gave “the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first”.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS. In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
More to follow...
The latest from the rumor mill? Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas are reportedly an item. "They are dating and it's brand new," a source confirmed to Us Weekly. "It's a good match and they are both interested in each other."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Dating speculation had already begun over the weekend after Chopra, 35, and Jonas, 25, were photographed together while celebrating Memorial Day with friends. In one photo they're cozied up together on a boat and in another, they're seated next to each other during a meal.
(Fun fact: The group of pals includes Chord Overstreet, former Glee star who just parted ways with Emma Watson. Another familiar face is Jack McBrayer, AKA 30 Rocks Kenneth Parcell.)
On Saturday, Chopra and Jonas were spotted attending an LA Dodgers game together. They were seen "talking really closely and were very smiley and very happy," an onlooker told Us. One fan even caught the two walking in.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The day prior, they were also reportedly seen watching Beauty and the Beast Live at the Hollywood Bowl, but they tried to keep their appearance low-key. They entered just as the performance began and snuck out right as it was ending, a witness told Us.
Chopra, who recently attended the royal wedding solo, was first seen with Jonas on the 2017 Met Gala red carpet, but she explained that the outing was simply friendly and casual.
"Yeah, we were on the same table and we already know each other. So he was like 'Hey, you wanna go together?' And I was like, 'Yeah, okay, let's go together.' It ended up working out," she told Jimmy Kimmel.
Getty Images
Jonas previously dated Olivia Culpo for nearly two years before splitting in 2015. Last November, he was reportedly linked to model Georgia Fowler. His other previous rumored flings include Kate Hudson and Westworld's Angela Sarafyan, according to Us. Looks like those supposed thirsty comments at Jenna Dewan were just a distraction.
SYDNEY—Australia will scrap a temporary visa for skilled overseas workers, the prime minister said Tuesday, arguing that Australians must be given priority over foreigners for local jobs.
The popular 457 visas, which allows foreigners to live and work in Australia for up to four years, will be replaced with a stricter scheme that requires a criminal-background check and includes tougher English language requirements, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said. The list of occupations that qualify for the new visa will be sharply reduced.
“We are an immigration nation, but the fact remains: Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs,” Turnbull said in a Facebook video announcing the change.
The decision by Australia comes one day before U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order that will make changes to a visa program that brings high-skilled workers to the U.S. The White House said the current visa program undercuts American workers by bringing in cheaper labour.
Australia's 457 visa was created to address shortages of local workers in certain skilled professions. But critics argued that businesses abused it by paying foreigners lower wages than most Australians would accept.
Kazmicks Café in Dunstable is open again after it was forced to close for six days following a break-in.
Thieves broke into the family-run café in Queensway, overnight on November 22. The owners called the police when they arrived to open up.
The water damage from the burglary at Kazmicks
Michael Graham, who runs the café with his wife Karen, said: “They broke in through the toilet upstairs and landed on the sink breaking it and the pipework which resulted in it flooding downstairs. The damage to the cafe was all water damage, they searched downstairs and broke into a spare till we have, but we leave nothing on site so they got away with nothing, thankfully. But because of all the water damage it meant we had to shut while we repaired it all and got it all tidied up. The police sent SOCO to try and get fingerprints but everything was so wet I don't think they got anything. We have worked hard to get the place back up and running, we opened again last Wednesday and it is great to see all our customers again.”
Bedfordshire Police are investigating. A spokesman for the force said: “Between 3.45pm on Wednesday 22 November and 7.45am on Thursday 23 November someone broke into the café. While breaking in they trod on the sink which subsequently broke and caused the property to flood. The offender carried out a search of the property.”
If you have information call 101 quoting JD/51381/17.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former football coach accused of indecency with a young boy will stand trial in Cambridge today.
Eric Cooper, 81, is charged with indecently assaulting one boy under the age of 14 on two separate occasions, between December 31, 1967 and January 1, 1970.
(Image: Terry Harris)
Cooper, of The Shade, Soham, previously denied all charges when he appeared at Cambridge Crown Court back in June.
The court heard Cooper had been involved with non-league football in Cambridgeshire and the charges relate to his time as a coach.
Since the hearing he has been on bail, and will return to court today to appear before a jury.
The trial is estimated to last five to six days.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool put one foot into the Champions League final with a thumping 5-2 win over Roma at Anfield, led by the irrepressible brilliance of Mo Salah.
The Egyptian put his former side to the sword with a stunning performance, leading the Giallorossi on a merry dance as he scored two and made two more, with Roberto Firmino (2) and Sadio Mane also getting on the scoresheet.
But the Reds allowed their visitors a sniff of a comeback ahead of their meeting in the Stadio Olimpico next Wednesday, with late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti - the Argentine scoring from the penalty spot - keeping the door to Kiev ajar.
(Image: REUTERS)
Roma started brightly, operating with the same 3-4-2-1 formation which had seen off Barcelona on a manic night at the Stadio Olimpico and looking to slow the tempo and dictate with the ball.
The Reds were forced into an early change as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain departed on a stretcher with a serious-looking knee injury, suffered in the act of tackling ex-Manchester City fullback Aleksandr Kolarov; Gini Wijnaldum came on into midfield, but the England international, who has thrived playing a dual role in midfield, may well have had his season ended.
Kolarov's next act was to fire a 30-yard thunderbolt, with little backlift, which left Loris Karius looking uncomfortable and somewhat fortunate to flick the strike onto the crossbar, when he'd seemingly been attempting to palm it out towards the corner flag.
At the other end the much-touted Brazilian No.1 Alisson's handling was exemplary during the opening stages, but come the half hour mark, Mane should have had the hosts in front.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
First the Senegalese raced clear, but when faced with the whites of the Giallorossi keeper's eyes he fired well over.
And within 49 seconds, after Salah had escaped Juan Jesus' attentions, Mane had another opportunity 12 yards out, but fired high, wide and not at all handsome.
Salah was next to chance his arm as Liverpool began to take control, his curved effort being turned behind. Unfortunately for the visitors, that was just the sighter.
Because next time the Kop's Egyptian idol cut into the penalty area and opened up his body, there was no mistake; Kostas Manolas allowed Salah to step onto his left foot too easily, the Greek didn't get tight enough, and Salah's arcing effort left Alisson with no chance, glancing the underside of the crossbar as Salah scored for the fifth successive Champions League game, his 42nd goal of the campaign.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
Dejan Lovren hit the crossbar with a header from eight yards and Alisson denied James Milner as his defence continued to evaporate before his eyes.
The 25-year-old was keeping Eusebio Di Francesco's men in the game, but could do nothing as Salah struck on the stroke of half-time to put Klopp's side in command.
Roma gave up possession on the edge of the Reds penalty area, and the ball was quickly fired into Roberto Firmino. His hold up play was typically intelligent, holding off a challenge, turning and driving at the visitors' defence, before feeding his pass into the path of Salah's perfectly-timed run.
With Juan Jesus unable to keep pace with the jet-heeled striker, Salah waited for the onrushing Alisson to drop, before sumptuously dinking a delicious finish into the back of the net.
(Image: REUTERS)
Roma's defensive line was proving disastrous, too high even when they weren't getting close enough to pressure their hosts, and 10 minutes into the second period they were punished once more.
There appeared little danger when Trent Alexander-Arnold looked up in Liverpool's right back position, but he shaped a pass down the right side, onto which Salah raced unopposed; he eased into the box, assessed his options, and slid to Mane, who finally found the back of the net.
Minutes later, Firmino ensured all of Liverpool's fabulous attacking threesome had found the net, and it came down a familiar route; Alexander-Arnold ball down the line, Salah advanced and drove past Jesus, crossed low, and the Brazilian turned into the gaping goal.
Firmino didn't have long to wait for his second, rising unmarked to nod a Milner corner into the net to put Klopp's side 5-0 up.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But after Klopp has subbed off Salah Liverpool dropped a gear - and allowed Roma a sniff of a chance ahead of next week's second leg.
Lovren lost track of Edin Dzeko as a cross came into the box with nine minutes remaining, and the Bosnian made no mistake, controlling expertly before beating Karius at his near post.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
And when Milner was harshly adjudged to have handled a goalbound shot by German official Felix Brych, Argentine winger Perotti coolly converted from 12 yards.
Here are five talking points from Anfield...
1. Mo Salah, no problems
(Image: PA)
At what point do we run out of superlatives for the PFA Player of the Year? Because that point is surely fast approaching with the quicksilver star.
Roma had smothered Lionel Messi in their win over Barcelona, converging on the Argentine with a defensive quintet and the diligent Daniele de Rossi marshalling in front.
But they simply had no answer for their former teammate. Di Francesco's side didn't help themselves, pushing too close to the halfway line and allowing space for Salah and co to run into.
But you still have to finish. And right now, no-one is finishing as well as the Reds' No.11. He's assisting too.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
He's fast closing on Ian Rush's Liverpool record for goals in a season (47 in 1983-84) and is one away from levelling Ruud van Nistelrooys record for most goals scored by a Premier League player in all competitions (44).
Gradually the side has developed around Salah as the season has progressed, pushing him closer to goal and with less responsibility defensively. It may just be on the verge of firing them to European glory.
"It seemed like a lot of euros at the time!" Reds' owner John W Henry recently quipped over the €42million Liverpool paid Roma to land Salah last summer. It has long since looked a bargain.
2. Pity poor Alisson in defeat
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
He keeps Man City's outstanding stopper Ederson out of the Brazil team and has been hailed as the 'Lionel Messi of goalkeepers'.
And as those in front of him parted like the red sea, it was fortunate for the visitors that Alisson looked every inch as good as he is cracked up to be.
The Brazilian could do little about Salah's first half double, nor Mane's third, and at times it seemed as though he was all that was standing between the home side and a trip to Kiev.
Throughout his handling was excellent (bar one second half hiccup) his decision-making sound and his footwork composed, even in the face of unrelenting pressure.
Unfortunately, he could do nothing about wave after wave of Liverpool attack. After Firmino made it four, Alisson sat, seemingly in despair. You could hardly blame him.
3. Fantastic Firmino
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Salah is taking all the headlines, and rightfully so.
But Firmino continues to mature and grow into one of the very best centre-forwards anywhere.
The Brazilian's perpetual motion, intelligence and ability to both score and make goals has made him the perfect focal point to this Reds side. Salah is thriving from playing with him and vice versa.
He's now got 27 goals this season and 15 assists. That's quite the haul for a side's so-called 'second' goalscorer.
4. Di Francesco found wanting
(Image: AFP)
Eusebio Di Francesco did a fine job at Sassuolo over two spells, guiding them from Serie B into Serie A - being fired in 2014, then re-hired five weeks later when results didn't improve - and then into the Europa League in his final campaign.
So you can't begrudge him getting his shot as manager of the club whom he represented over 100 times during his playing career, and with whom he won a Scudetto.
But he was found tactically wanting on a horror night at Anfield.
It isn't the first time this season. Inter Milan in August, Milan in February and Fiorentina earlier this month is all occasions when Di Francesco has been out-coached, but this wasn't even that; Di Francesco set out with one plan, then simply didn't have the wherewithal to change it.
(Image: REUTERS)
Pushing up and defending with a high line is only good if you can pressure in the opposition half. For that you need players who can get in the faces of opponents and get about the pitch - De Rossi, at 34, isn't your man, nor are Kevin Strootman (after two serious knee injuries) and Kolarov (ditched by Manchester City for that very reason) - and a defensive line blessed with recovery pace; this one isn't.
He spent much of the second period arguing with members of his side, and is fortunate that they return home with only a three-goal deficit to claw back.
That he spoke to Italian TV immediately after the game and suggested the issue wasn't his tactics but rather his side losing their individual battles however would hint at similar problems in eight days time.
5. A semi-final record awaits?
(Image: REUTERS)
Roma have to come out and attack in the second leg. That's only going to leave gaps (more gaps) for them to exploit in Rome next week.
Eintracht Frankfurt hold the record for the biggest win in a semi-final in the European Cup, having seen off Rangers 12-4 in 1959-60.
While that may not be attainable, Bavaria's Champions League record - the 7-0 aggregate thumping of Barcelona in 2012-13 - certainly is.
If Roma defend like tonight, then there's every chance. Likewise, if Liverpool aren't completely 'at it' - like in the last 15 minutes.
Either way, expect another goal glut.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, Mo. – St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed the felony computer tampering charge against Missouri Governor Eric Greitens, one day after the governor announced his resignation.
Gardner made a statement Wednesday morning but did not take questions from reporters.
Gardner's spokesperson, Susan Ryan, said Greitens' defense team reached out to Gardner on Saturday about the case. Ryan said the governor offered to resign if the tampering charge was dropped and the talks went from there.
However, one of Greitens' attorneys, Jim Martin, tells a bit of a different story.
He conceded that the defense did reach out to Gardner for talks, but that dropping the charge was not the driving force behind the resignation.
Gardner said she believes that her office had the evidence to move forward with the case, but sometimes filing charges is not the right or just thing to do.
She also tells us this case was not a political witch hunt against Greitens but rather a search for the truth.
The move to dismiss the tampering charge does not impact the ongoing review of the initial invasion of privacy case against Greitens. That case is still being looked at by the Jackson County Prosecuting Attorney Jean Peters Baker out of Kansas City.
Baker is the special prosecutor who was assigned to review the case by Judge Rex Burlison after it was dismissed earlier this month during jury selection.
South Korea's finance minister promised Wednesday to bolster efforts to help local companies obtain more overseas deals in a bid to prop up their growth.
"The ministry will make utmost efforts for a turnaround in local firms' overseas contracts over the next three years as a way of bringing new momentum to our economy," Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho said during a visit to a Hyundai Elevator plant in Icheon, south of Seoul.
Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho talks with an official while paying a visit to Hyundai Elevator Co.'s production line in Icheon, south of Seoul, on Feb. 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
His remark came as South Korean companies have seen a significant drop in their offshore orders in the last two years, which mainly include building key public infrastructures and facilities.Their overseas infrastructure contracts reached $28.2 billion at the end of 2016, tumbling from $66 billion in 2014, according to government data."We will come up with more detailed strategies that can bring the companies, related government agencies and policy financing bodies together to fuel growth," Yoo said.The government also plans to increase loans to the companies engaged in overseas projects to 10 trillion won ($8.75 billion) this year, up 2.2 trillion won from last year, the minister added. (Yonhap)
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Meezan Bank, Pakistan's first and largest Islamic bank, and MDK Saiyaara, one of country's leading imported vehicles provider, have recently formed a strategic alliance to facilitate Meezan Bank's car financing product – Car Ijarah, customers with better facilities and a wider vehicle range. The alliance shall ensure immediate delivery of imported vehicles thus providing Fast Track Processing to Meezan customers. In addition, MDK will deliver cars selected under the program to customers anywhere in Pakistan.
The agreement was signed by Ariful Islam – Deputy CEO of Meezan Bank, Arshad Majeed – Group Head Consumer Finance of Meezan Bank and Rashid Mehmood Awan and Hassan Kamal Farooqui – of MDK.
Speaking at the ceremony, Mr. Ariful Islam said, “Meezan Bank's alliance with MDK Saiyaara shall enable our customers to avail Shariah-compliant financing of imported vehicles on competitive pricing and simplified terms and conditions. We were impressed with the end to end logistic capability of MDK to procure cars in Japan and deliver these to customers in an efficient and professional manner.”
Hassan Kamal Farooqui, while speaking at the occasion said, “We are very pleased to be associated with Meezan Bank, the front-runners in Islamic Auto Financing in Pakistan. The collaboration delivers a great platform to lease imported vehicles for Meezan Bank's Car Ijarah customers. This partnership shall set a new benchmark of product and service quality for customers who are now demanding innovative Islamic financing and Takaful products.
The PGA Tour began the second half of the season at the Texas Open, with Andrew Landry becoming the seventh first-time winner.
Never mind that it feels as though the season is just getting started.
Still to come are three majors and The Players Championship. Not to be overlooked are the FedEx Cup playoffs. Quibble about points and prestige, but they deliver four tournaments over five weeks of the top available players.
Most sports prefer to become more relevant the closer they get to the finish line, so that's one benefit of the PGA Tour's wraparound season.
The opening 22 weeks featured one major and three World Golf Championships, one of them in Shanghai last October, the other two in March separated by two weeks. Justin Thomas, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire are multiple winners. Dustin Johnson should be. Jordan Spieth would settle for one victory at this point.
The first half did a good job setting the table for what should be a compelling five months.
BATTLE FOR NO. 1
Not long after Dustin Johnson closed with a 67 at the RBC Heritage, he left for the Bahamas as part of a three-week break. His tie for 16th at Hilton Head was important. It assured Johnson of staying at No. 1 for a few more weeks, but maybe not by the time he returns at TPC.
He will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, significant in that only three other players have stayed atop the world ranking longer since it began in 1986 — Nick Faldo (81 weeks), Greg Norman (96 weeks) and Tiger Woods (264 weeks and 281 weeks).
It might not last much longer. Thomas, who could have replaced Johnson by winning his semifinal match in the Dell Technologies Match Play, gets another chance next week at the Wells Fargo Championship. That's at Quail Hollow, where Thomas won the PGA Championship last summer.
Jon Rahm also had a chance to get to No. 1 in January until a 75-77 weekend at Torrey Pines.
With so many big tournaments coming up, a half-dozen players are in the mix for No. 1 by the end of the season.
BEST SEASON
Patrick Reed can easily claim this because of that green jacket he loves to (and should) show off. Winning the Masters makes it a great year no matter what else happens, and Reed will have a hard time topping this one even if he wins all five Ryder Cup matches in France.
Three others are worthy of consideration.
Thomas faced a most difficult encore after he won five times last season, including his first major, the PGA Championship, and the FedEx Cup. He has backed it up so far with two victories. One of them was the Honda Classic, where he made two birdies on the par-5 18th — with a wedge to force a playoff, and with a 5-wood to set up the win.
Watson won against two strong fields at Riviera and Match Play. Kizzire won't get as much recognition from winning at the OHL Classic at Mayakoba in the fall and the Sony Open in January. But he went head-to-head in beating Rickie Fowler in Mexico and won a six-hole playoff on Oahu. In a rarity, he won twice in a season while ranked outside the top 100 in the world.
TIGER ANNIVERSARY
One year ago, the Texas Open was the same week Woods had his fourth back surgery, and all sorts of speculation followed. Would he ever play again? Did he even want to play again? And if he did, how much would fusion surgery limit him?
The answers: Yes, yes and not much.
He recorded a swing speed of 129 mph. He was runner-up by one shot at the Valspar Championship. A year ago, no one would have been surprised if he missed the Masters. Instead, the surprise was that he didn't break par until Sunday and tied for 32nd.
Interesting about Woods at this point in the season is that he played three of his six tournaments on courses where he has never won.
THE REVIVALS
Even as the PGA Tour gets younger, five players in their 40s managed to win.
Phil Mickelson tops the list. Ian Poulter isn't too far behind.
His victory drought approaching five years, Mickelson was on the verge of falling out of the top 50 in the world for the first time in 25 years when he ran off four consecutive top 10s, the last one a playoff victory in the Mexico Championship.
Poulter had gone more than six years without a win, would have lost his full PGA Tour card last year except for a clerical error and then was told at the Dell Match Play that he was in the Masters, when in fact he needed to win one more match (which he lost badly). Poulter opened with a 73 the following week in Houston, answered with rounds of 64-65, made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff and won on the first extra hole to get into the Masters.
Those victories will go a long way in getting Mickelson and Poulter to France in the fall as captain's picks if they don't qualify for their Ryder Cup teams.
But it's early.
Even though one half of the season is gone, the bigger half is coming up.
FILE – In this April 8, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods hits a drive on the third hole during the fourth round at the Masters golf tournament in Augusta, Ga. Woods brought back the largest crowds to golf with his return from back surgery. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_120367810-f5f69b4495964923980fbb3cba27c9f2.jpg FILE – In this April 8, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods hits a drive on the third hole during the fourth round at the Masters golf tournament in Augusta, Ga. Woods brought back the largest crowds to golf with his return from back surgery. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File) FILE – In this April 2, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods, right, greets Justin Thomas on the driving range during practice for the Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Ga. Woods and Thomas were two central figures the first half of the PGA Tour season.(AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_120367810-e67abd5a42aa4ab3885f795c0c690c3a.jpg FILE – In this April 2, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods, right, greets Justin Thomas on the driving range during practice for the Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Ga. Woods and Thomas were two central figures the first half of the PGA Tour season.(AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) FILE – In this Jan. 7, 2018, file photo, Dustin Johnson hits on the fourth fairway during the final round of the Tournament of Champions golfs tournament, in Kapalua, Hawaii. Johnson will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, only the fourth player to hold the top ranking that long. (AP Photo/Matt York, File) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_120367810-998371c02ec2485ba720fb7766ac3d7f.jpg FILE – In this Jan. 7, 2018, file photo, Dustin Johnson hits on the fourth fairway during the final round of the Tournament of Champions golfs tournament, in Kapalua, Hawaii. Johnson will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, only the fourth player to hold the top ranking that long. (AP Photo/Matt York, File)
5W1H: Heavy security in Jodhpur ahead of Asaram rape case verdict
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Heavy security in Jodhpur ahead of Asaram rape case verdict. Watch this video for more information.
Celebrated hero reinforces stereotypes, Paradkar, May 30
There is so much to write about the rise of racist, nationalist groups throughout Europe and elsewhere. So it was surprising that Shree Paradkar chose to comment on how “sickening” it was to see the celebration around French President Emmanuel Macron giving Malian migrant Mamoudou Gassama a medal, citizenship and a job after he rescued a child dangling from a balcony.
There was a good deal of political posturing in the move. Macron is a politician facing much criticism for France's clampdown on immigration and the conditions in which many migrants live. “Sickening” is a word that illustrates the situation of migrants and refugees everywhere.
Had Paradkar stuck with that story, it would have been worth reading. Instead, she stacked up assumptions based on unattributed quotations: that “rewarding” Gassama with citizenship turned him into a “noble savage” worthy of being “allowed” into France.
She then used this unsupported premise to argue that, therefore, the “reward” was a tool to make racists feel less racist and that Black and Indigenous people must be flawless in order to have a shot at a better life. She even applies her argument to French and Canadian people in general, assuming that because everything else she says is right, entire populations believe this nonsense.
I am a student of Karachi University and concerned about the use of technology by youngsters. In the last few years, addiction to communication technology is increasingly becoming a problem. Researchers found that nearly four in five students had significant mental and physical distress, panic, confusion and extreme isolation when forced to unplug from technology such as mobile phones, laptops and television as well as social networking such as Facebook and Twitter.
Technology is built to make our lives comfortable, taking the difficult work and making it easy to do. Now use of social media has made us addicted to technology. From cell phones to social media, the television and online games we have created a need for technology. It is estimated that 1.3 million crashes (23% of all cars accidents each year) are related to the use of a cell phone.
A daughter is sitting with her father continuously ticking the keypad and father is chill enough to let her do that. In Pakistan phone packages are cheaper than everything. There are parents who are proud that their kids know everything about technology. They don't know that they are doing everything but studies. Spending a lot of time online gradually isolates a person from friends and loved ones. Ultimately, the loss of significant relationships in a person's life amounts to a loss of self-identity and connection with life. Online risks facing young people include exposure to sexually explicit material as well as online victimization on the Internet. ''Children are like wet cement and whatever falls on them makes an impression.''
Lastly, I would like to say that to get better handle this problem, we need to understand the characteristics of youth who may be at risk for online addiction. Chatting with family is one of the most important things for everyone and we can learn more good stuff when we freely talk with our family. So parents, at least, bring your kids together at dinner time and have your meals together on one table. A family chain is very important and try to make them understand that because that is our Pakistani culture.
HIBA ZAHID
Karachi
Related
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A budget proposal that puts a passenger train route that passes through Kansas at risk is raising concerns.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that President Donald Trump's budget calls for the elimination of federal subsidies for some money-losing long-distance train routes.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said in an email that the final and full budget plan for Amtrak's federal aid hasn't been released.
But he confirmed that among “several services targeted” would be the Southwest Chief, which spans from Chicago to Los Angeles. It has stops in several Kansas towns, including Topeka, Lawrence, Garden City and Hutchinson.
Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins has voiced concern, saying that “infrastructure is vital to Kansas and rural America.” Kansas generates just shy of 50,000 passengers per year for Amtrak.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tonight's National Lottery jackpot is an estimated jackpot of £14.7 million - but have you got a winning ticket?
If you bought one, you can check your numbers below. Good luck!
Tonight's National Lottery Lotto winning numbers are: 02, 04, 14, 23, 34, 46 and the Bonus Ball is 45
This draw's £1 million Lotto Millionaire Raffle winning code is: PINK 7049 6197.
As well as making a guaranteed millionaire, there are also 20 Lotto Raffle winners each scooping £20,000.
Tonight's National Lottery Thunderball winning numbers are: 10, 16, 19, 29, 31 and the Thunderball is 08.
The biggest every jackpot scooped by a single ticket holder has stood for 20 years since a £42m jackpot was claimed in 1996.
The largest ever jackpot prize was the £66m on offer in January this year.
The prize was eventually split between two winning tickets.
From colourful pantomime to sacred delights, there's plenty to enjoy...
1 PANTOMIME
Sleeping Beauty, Grove Theatre, Dunstable, December 8 to January 2
Dunstable is getting ready to wake up to panto season as Sleeping Beauty takes to the stage at the Grove Theatre. The festive spectacular will star John Partridge, who is best known for his role as Christian Clarke in EastEnders but has become a West End star in his own right. John has worked with several rock and pop acts, including U2 and the Pet Shop Boys, and he was invited to judge Lloyd Webber's TV show, Over The Rainbow. He appeared in La Cage Aux Folles, A Chorus Line and Chicago, and will be turning on the charm as the Prince, having originally trained in ballet at the Royal Ballet Lower School. Sally Lindsay, who played Shelley Unwin in Coronation Street, will take no nonsense as the wicked fairy godmother Carabosse. Sally has starred on screen in series including Mount Pleasant, Open All Hours and Scott & Bailey, as well as appearing as a regular panellist on Loose Women. Bringing wholesome goodness to the stage will be CBeebies presenter Rebecca Keatley as Fairy Moonbeam. Rebecca is best known for her energetic and bubbly role in CBeebies' Justin's House and Swashbuckle, but more recently CBeebies fans will be watching her on the hit children's TV show Let's Play.
Details: grovetheatre.co.uk
2 PANTOMIME
Dick Whittington, Harpenden Public Halls, December 9 to 22
Two stars from children's TV will be taking to the stage in Harpenden when the Public Halls host its annual pantomime. This year's show is Dick Whittington and tells the story of the boy who travels to London in search of fame and fortune. The panto stars Jen Pringle, from Channel 5's Milkshake, as Fairy Bowbells. Jen is also a voice on Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom and Peppa Pig.
Luke Roberts, from TV's Hi-5, returns as Idle Jack. Luke is well known from the hit TV show and spent this summer performing twice daily at Butlins resorts across the UK. From BBC Three Counties Radio, Ernie Almond returns to the Harpenden stage as the Sultan of Morocco, while Alissa King-Underwood, 2016's Miss Cambridgeshire, will play the part of Alice. Musical theatre performer Kane Coxall takes the lead role of Dick Whittington.
Details: harpendenpublichalls.co.uk
3 MUSIC
Christmas Gala Concert, St Mary's church, West Street, Dunstable, December 10
Visitors are promised a delightful evening of Christmas songs and carols performed by Caritas Harmony. They will be led by musical director Margaret Blenkin, with the singers performing every song from memory. The evening will be hosted by Radio Verulam's Nick Hazell and will also include a performance of Christmas music given by the accomp
lished Bedfordshire Woodwind Academy Flute Ensemble. The concert will raise money for three charities chosen by Dunstable mayor Councillor Gloria Martin: Hospice at Home Volunteers, South Beds Dial-A-Ride and Dunstable and District Scout Council.
Details: www.caritasharmony.co.uk
4 MUSIC
Christmas Concert,St Mary's church, Luton, December 11
Rufus Frowde, organist and assistant director of music at the Chapel Royal, Hampton Court Palace, returns to the Music on Mondays series with a special Christmas concert sung by The Hampton Court Royal Consort of Voices accompanied by the harpist Daniel de Fry. The music is conceived around the seven Antiphons of Advent and features Britten's evergreen A Ceremony of Carols. Music from John Rutter, James MacMillan, Rufus Frowde, Henryk Górecki, Andrew Carter, Bob Chilcott, Thomas Tallis, Benjamin Britten and Jonathan Dove also features, with many traditional seasonal sacred pieces. This special concert is being offered as a memorial to Maggie Cole, a long-standing member of Luton Music who died in November. She received wonderful care at the Keech Hospice, for which there will be a retiring collection.
Details: www.Lutonmusic.org.uk
5 COMEDY
Happy Shark Comedy Club, Bear Club, Luton, December 13
‘The Voice of Love Island', Iain Stirling, headlines a night of laughter at the Bear Club.
Details: facebook.com/happysharkcomedy
Smartphones have made it so that almost everyone has a camera to hand almost all the time, and our digital images are safely stored online, where they'll never be lost, but there are still advantages to physical photos, and soon you'll be able to rediscover them thanks to the Polaroid Insta-Share Printer Moto Mod.
We already knew this was coming, but now we know when, with the UK release set for early January, at a price of £119 (around $155/AU$205).
If you have a compatible phone, such as the Moto Z2 Force, you'll be able to clip this unusual addition to the back, and then print your photos straight from your phone, onto 2 x 3-inch Polaroid paper.
Print everything
You'll also be able to print images from the likes of Facebook, Instagram and Google Photos, and you can add filters, text and borders before printing if you prefer.
The photos you print are supposedly smudge-proof and they have an adhesive back, so you can stick them up.
The Polaroid Insta-Share Printer joins an ever-growing range of Moto Mods, which so far includes the likes of a battery pack, JBL speakers, a 10x Hasselblad zoom camera and a projector.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of strangers turned out for the funeral of a homeless former soldier after a Facebook appeal to give him a 'fitting send-off'.
A poignant service was held at Anfield Crematorium after a Facebook appeal was posted to ask people to help remember Steven McGrath, who died while homeless.
Steve, 58, died after a battle with cancer and as he was estranged from many of his family one of his fellow ex-serviceman, Chris Bridson, appealed for members of the public to attend his funeral to give him a fitting send-off.
The Liverpool Echo reports friends, members of the Whitechapel Centre and others who did not know Steve but were touched by his story gathered at the crematorium to honour his “gentleman-like character” and “a well humoured man.”
(Photo: Unknown)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Sweet Caroline by Neil Diamond played as large numbers of people entered the service and took their seats.
Steve lived at Mildmay House in Liverpool city centre for nearly two years before his death and a representative from the housing centre spoke of how he would have been shocked at how many people had turned out for him.
She said: “Steve rarely talked about his life before arriving at Mildmay but talked fondly of the Kingos (the King's Regiment, with whom he had served) and how much they meant to him.
“He never complained and even when asked if he was in any pain from his cancer, always answered the same: ‘It is mediocre'.”
Fellow former serviceman from the King's Regiment, Chris Bridson, said during the service: “Steve was a loveable man and his personality grew on you, even if he was a pain in the**e."
Chris's anecdotes of Steve were met with laughs and raucous applause as his friends remembered a man who loved a laugh and good joke.
Colm Sullivan from the Whitechapel Centre said: “We have turned out to pay our respects today. Steve was comfortable in his last two years and was very well thought of.
“We are made up to see so many people turn out for him, he deserved it.”
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Military personnel turned out at the funeral to honour a man who “dedicated his life to serving the country.”
Speaking before the service, Steve's aunt Carol said they were devastated to learn of his death just three weeks ago but were overwhelmed that he had touched so many lives and that so many people had shown up for him.
The Toby Dewick poem ‘Stand Down' was read during the short service and commemorated the time he had given to the army.
During the reading Steve's comrades lowered their heads as the words echoed through the service:
“Rest your body,
“Close your eyes,
“As we weep the loss,
“When a good soldier dies."
Liverpool took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final, first leg at Anfield on Tuesday.
Two late Roma goals, however, will give the Italians, who came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round, some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday.
Two superbly taken goals from Mohamed Salah gave Juergen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break.
A Sadio Mane goal and then two Roberto Firmino goals put Liverpool 5-0 up and Klopp felt comfortable enough to take off Salah, who had been outstanding.
Yet Edin Dzeko struck for the visitors in the 81st minute and four minutes later Diego Perotti converted a penalty to generate some tension for the return in Rome.
Bayern Munich and Real Madrid meet in the other semi-final on Wednesday.
Grace Kelly's granddaughter Camille Gottlieb is all grown up, and she's inherited her grandmother's Old Hollywood beauty. The 19-year-old is the daughter of Princess Stephanie of Monaco (the youngest child of Kelly and Prince Rainier III) and former palace guard Jean-Raymond Gottlieb.
In addition to being of celebrity and royal descent, Gottlieb has also been gaining attention on Instagram, where her lookalike features to her famous grandma hardly go unnoticed by her nearly 26,000 followers. Her bright blue eyes and hints of blonde hair are dead giveaways.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Fluffy selfie 🕊 A post shared by Cam🖤 (@camillerosegottlieb) on Sep 12, 2017 at 12:44pm PDT
I'm gonna stress your mind 👀 A post shared by Cam🖤 (@camillerosegottlieb) on Aug 21, 2017 at 12:26pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
I come back to the places where we found us 🦋 A post shared by Cam🖤 (@camillerosegottlieb) on May 25, 2017 at 1:27pm PDT
I don't wanna hurt you but you live for the pain A post shared by Cam🖤 (@camillerosegottlieb) on Sep 28, 2017 at 6:41am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Camille is Princess Stephanie's youngest daughter, and has two half siblings (Pauline, 23, and Louis, 24) from her mother's previous marriage to bodyguard Daniel Ducruet. The couple divorced in 1996, two years before Gottlieb was born.
Though she has royal blood, Gottlieb is not in line for the throne because her parents never married. Jean-Raymond Gottlieb wasn't listed on her birth certificate, but he's widely understood to be Camille's father. The teen openly acknowledges him as her dad on social media.
She's shared adorable throwbacks of her mother, too.
Bonne fêtes Mamou, t'es là meilleure de toutes les mamans❤ #1998 A post shared by Cam🖤 (@camillerosegottlieb) on May 28, 2017 at 2:58am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The 19-year-old doesn't share much more than selfies, snaps with friends, and vacation photos on Instagram, but Hello! reports that there's a softer side to the teen than meets the eye. Camille is apparently a big animal lover and has helped raise baby tigers in Asia and visited Sri Lanka's Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage last year.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It seems that in addition to taking after Kelly's good looks, Gottlieb is also tapping into her grandmother's philanthropic side. The actress-turned-princess was named the President of the Monaco Red Cross in 1958 and went on to direct its charitable activities. Kelly passed away in 1982 in a tragic car crash in Monaco. She was 52 years old.
We don't usually think about how our fabrics are made, but some of the most common fabrics out there are bad for the environment. For example, cotton needs a lot of water, insecticides, and pesticides to grow. Moreover, cotton can be hard to recycle, according to Marc Bain over at Quartz. Polyester, the most common fabric out there, is made from petroleum and can take a long time to break down in landfills. The Chinese government even estimates that fabric-related chemicals have polluted 70 percent of the water in northern China. In fact, by industry, fashion is the second biggest polluter, according to an article from The Guardian. (The first is, unsurprisingly, the oil industry.)
The good news is that there are many eco-friendly fabrics out there, including soy, silk, wool, alpaca, Sasawashi (a Japanese fabric), and, of course, hemp. Hemp doesn't need chemicals like pesticides during the cultivation process and can grow in almost any environment. Hemp even produces more fiber per acre of land than cotton. And when you throw hemp away, it biodegrades in months.
Hemp clothes have become newsworthy, yet the focus is almost always on shirts and pants. But what about hemp underwear? Those exist too and I decided to try them out for myself.
The Experiment
Via the author
My goal was to wear hemp underwear every single day, washing them every night. I was hoping to get a sense of not only how they work when you wear them, but also what they're like after multiple washings, because we've all bought frilly underwear that seems to fall apart after being washed twice.
Since I'm a bigger woman, I was also curious if they would help with the dreaded chub rub, because I had read that hemp fabric is supposed to wick away moisture, which should help in this never-ending fight. Thankfully, I have the perfect condition for this experiment: I live in New Zealand where we're having a nasty hot summer. Additionally, New Zealanders almost never install aircon (their word for air conditioning) in their buildings and houses, so most places in the summer are anywhere from uncomfortable to unbearable.
I decided to try a pair of underwear from WAMA, a sustainable fashion startup that began on Kickstarter. My first impression was that the fabric seemed a bit stiff in comparison with cotton, and I was immediately worried about itching. Also, this pair had a really thick elastic band. Lastly, I thought they smelled different from cotton, though my partner said he didn't notice anything.
Day One
Via the author
When I put them on the first morning, they felt a little tight. Again, I worried about having chub rub. I was wearing a dress that day, so I threw a pair of short-shorts into my bag, just in case.
But after that, while getting ready to leave that morning, I was struck by how dry I was. That changed once I went out and everything heated up. I walked around outside several times in the day. Every time I went outside, a slight build-up of sweat would pool between my thighs, but once I went inside, it always evaporated much faster than it would with cotton underwear. How nifty, I thought. It did have it limits: by the third time, I was getting a little chaffing in-between my legs.
Fairly early on in the day the elastic strap started rolling down my torso. In public, this is a problem, because adjusting yourself can look inappropriate. I went into the bathroom a couple of times to fix it, but it kept doing it, so I gave up and just walked around with them rolled down. Thankfully, it only did the actual rolling down when I was sitting down, not standing up.
Day Two
Via the author
I work in an un-airconditioned office where I profusely sweat just sitting at a computer. That day, the heat was unforgiving, but the undies were comfy enough that I didn't even think about them, except for the strap, which still wouldn't stay up.
Day Three
After a couple of washings, the material did seem stretcher. They didn't seem softer to the touch but they did feel softer when I wore them. In fact, they felt really nice that day. I felt like I was wearing a much more luxurious fabric.
I spent part of the day doing a massive clean-up around my un-airconditioned house. My face and torso got overheated while vacuuming. I started taking off my clothes, but my thighs were much cooler and less wet than the rest of my body.
The underwear did roll-down a little at about 3:30 pm in the afternoon, but it wasn't as bad as the first few days.
Day Four
Via the author
After a handful of washings, they were starting to lose a little of their black color. They didn't seem any softer that day.
It was humid all day. When my partner decided to cook dinner, the heat got even worse, but my thighs were fine and I got through a whole day without any roll down. Nice!
Day Five
Via the author
It was a sticky, miserable day. I had a meeting with people I had never met before, and it was so hot that I looked wet and gross almost immediately after stepping outside. That said, my legs were totally fine, without any roll-down.
Day Six
Another miserable day, with the humidity at 94 percent. First, I spent about two hours outside. Later in the day, I went out with my friends to a restaurant on the second floor of a building. It was a little stuffy up there, but again, I didn't think or worry about my underwear. Plus, I got through another day without the band rolling down. I joked to my partner that I was “on a roll.” He then rolled his eyes at me.
Day Seven
Via the author
This was my longest day. I spent the first few hours outside, then I sat around the office for about six hours, then I rushed off to a couple of meetings, then I had a date with my partner. I was gone, go, go for about thirteen hours straight, and the undies held up beautifully. I didn't get hot or wet once. There was only one minor incident of elastic roll-down.
The Verdict
I definitely noticed a difference in terms of how much moisture the underwear was wicking away. My thighs were much more comfortable than the rest of me. I don't think that these will absolutely save you from a chub rub problem, but they helped. I wore dresses almost the entire week, and even though I didn't use any other ways to prevent chub rub (like powder or the short-shorts I initially packed), I never had any sores, just mild chaffing on the first day.
If you try these out, I suggest going large. When my partner measured me, I was on the fence between two sizes. Even though I went with the larger size, they still felt a little tight, especially on the first day. I also wish there were more options. Right now, the only other thing WAMA offers is boxer briefs. Hipsters and boxer briefs are fine, but I personally prefer boy shorts.
That said, part of being environmentally-conscious means using things until you can't anymore, so I wouldn't advise you to throw all your undies out just for this brand. However, if you're in the market for new underwear, these are definitely a solid option.
Melissa Pickett
(FORT COLLINS, CO, April 22, 2018) Jalyn Courtenay Webb, owner of The Academy at Midtown Arts Center, announced last week that all proceeds from The Academy's Monday, April 30 performance of 13 the Musical will be donated to the family of Liv Fondy, an Academy student recently diagnosed with leukemia, to help with Fondy's medical expenses.
Fondy, said Webb, and her brother have been part of The Academy for several years, taking classes and performing in shows.
When Webb, producer of 13 the Musical, and Michael Lasris, 13 the Musical director and choreographer, shared with the show's cast their idea to donate to the Fondy family, the cast was enthusiastically supportive.
“The Academy feels like a family,” said Sky Hume, a freshman at Fort Collins High School. “Everyone is so close and supports each other.”
The upcoming production of 13 the Musical is the culmination of a semester's worth of rehearsals for twenty-six local middle and high school students, and three directors. Since rehearsals began in January, the cast has met twice per week, for two hours per rehearsal, learning fourteen songs and pages of lines.
Originally staged on Broadway, 13 the Musical is a coming-of-age story that centers around Evan Goldman, a twelve-year-old boy who lives in Manhattan and is looking forward to his upcoming Bar Mitzvah. The audience follows Evan's journey as he experiences the highs and lows of life when “you're just about to turn thirteen”: parents splitting, moving to a new state, navigating new friend circles, pimples, puberty, fights, and first kisses.
Regan Thomas, a sophomore at Rocky Mountain High School who plays Lucy, said, “It's so relatable – it's about kids who are going through the same things that we all are. It's been cool to draw from all of our experiences.”
Added Hume, who plays Patrice, “It's a lot about how to fit in in middle school, and it's really relatable to anybody who is a teenager or who has lived through that.”
The characters include the expected group of teen archetypes: the geek, the jock, the mean girl, and everything in between. For Evan, moving from the Big Apple to Appleton, Indiana, is a bit of a culture shock.
“Once Evan moves, he has to adapt to a new environment,” said Zach Pickett, the Kinard Middle School seventh grader who plays Evan. “His first instinct is to try to befriend the ‘popular' kids, so his Bar Mitzvah is the perfect party. Throughout the show, Evan learns that you don't have to be popular to have a good life, and true friends are more important than superficial ones.”
“It's a great show,” said Dylan Lindsey, a Webber Middle School eighth grader who plays Brett. “It has a lot of energy and there's so many mood changes and shifts, and the plot changes so many times.”
With original music and lyrics by Dylan Lindsey, and based on the book by Dan Elish and Robert Horn, 13 the Musical includes songs such as “Getting Ready”, about getting ready for a first date on which a first kiss is anticipated, “Bad Bad News”, when characters realize someone isn't a healthy acquaintance, and the final number, “A Little More Homework”, which highlights each character's personal experience of turning thirteen.
Learning the music of a Broadway show isn't easy, said Emily Erkman, musical director of 13 the Musical.
“13 has some of the most challenging music I've ever seen, especially for this age group,” she said, “but all of these kids have risen to the challenge and are working their tails off. I personally love this show, and find myself laughing out loud at the lines and the fantastic way the kids are digging in to their characters. It's going to be great!”
Adds Webb, “I am thrilled to be able to bring this kind of education to the Northern Colorado area. I have been involved in children's education since 1989, and I can't think of a better set of instructors to work with these kids! I am so grateful to Michael and Emily for all they do for the program, and I am really excited about the amazing growth we have had with the Academy this year.”
The show opens on Saturday, April 28. Tickets for all three performances are available online at midtownartscenter.com/ product-category/performance/.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Bristol's most picturesque beauty spots will be protected for the next few years, thanks to an important financial award from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Friends of Troopers Hill, which cares for the Troopers Hill area of St George, has been awarded £44,800 from the HLF which they say they will spend on protecting the area's important natural heritage.
The bulk of the money will be spent on replacing rotting fencing along the boundary with Troopers Hill Road, which the Friends claim will protect the site from being damaged by motorbikes. Around half of the HLF money will be spent on replacing the existing wooden fencing and gates with metal estate fencing and gates.
Another portion of the money will be spent on creating a new conservation management plan for Troopers Hill alongside Bristol City Council - which owns the site - after a previous scheme expired last year.
It is thought around £10,000 will be spent on conservation work required to support this new plan's recommendations, which will see the site protected up until the early part of 2020 at least.
Susan Acton-Campbell is the chair of the Friends of Troopers Hill. She said: "This grant is critical to the preservation of Troopers Hill's biodiversity.
"We have been working on this project since 2017 and would like to thank all the local people who gave us their support to go ahead with the application. We would also like to say a big thank you to Bristol City Council, particularly the Parks team, who agreed to be our partners for this grant application.
"We are so grateful to National Lottery players for making this grant possible."
Alongside the improvements to the fencing and conservation work, the grant will also fund a series of guided walks and events on Troopers Hill in 2019.
For the first time ever at the site there will be four outdoor learning events, run by Natural Learners Bristol, aimed specifically at adults with learning difficulties.
The Heritage Lottery Fund distributes a share of National Lottery money to heritage projects across the UK.
It is the largest dedicated funder of heritage in the country and issues grants of a minimum of £3,000, having supported more than 42,000 projects since it was launched in 1994.
Claycourt tennis has never come easy for silky Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov and his struggle to master the dirt was evident again in a four-hour dogfight with Jared Donaldson in the French Open second round on Wednesday.
Try as he could on a sun-baked Court 18, fourth seed Dimitrov could never tame the 57th-ranked American youngster but he eventually prevailed 6-7(2) 6-4 4-6 6-4 10-8 to collect the 50th Grand Slam win of his career.
Twice he needed to serve to stay in the match in the deciding set before breaking a cramping Donaldson to love in the 15th game, only to drop serve immediately.
Dimitrov broke again, though, at 9-9 and at the second time of asking he brought up match point with his 17th ace and sealed victory with a hefty first serve.
It is only the third time the 27-year-old has reached the third round at Roland Garros in eight attempts and he has never gone further -- a surprisingly poor record for a player blessed with such a wide range of weapons.
Things will not get any easier if Dimitrov is to break new ground with Spaniard Fernando Verdasco next up.
"I think it was one of those matches that I didn`t play my best, but I managed a way to win," Dimitrov said.
"And when one thing wasn`t going well, the physical part was great."
Donaldson did little wrong and was 0-30 when Dimitrov served at 5-6 in the decider, only for the Bulgarian to unleash a succession of winners to stay alive.
The 21-year-old served an underarm second serve to hold serve in the next game as he was clearly struggling physically but Dimitrov eventually scrambled over the line.
Asked if he had been surprised by an opponent dropping in an underarm serve (Donaldson won the point), Dimitrov said it was a fair tactic.
"I think it was very smart for him to do that," he said. "I`ve done it once in my career and I think it worked.
"He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard with that. I know why he did it. He was hurting big time."
WASHINGTON—After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried Wednesday to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work. Mrs. Trump tweeted that she's “feeling great” and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea. ( DOUG MILLS / The New York Times )
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness. “I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing,” Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. “Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!”
Article Continued Below
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she co-operating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection program? And so on. Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea. Read more: Opinion | Vinay Menon: Here's the truth about Melania Trump's mysterious disappearance First lady Melania Trump out of public view for 15 days — and counting Melania Trump undergoes ‘successful' procedure on kidney ailment
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an “embolization” procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications. She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolization typically are sent home the same day or the next. First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
Article Continued Below
On Friday, the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine. Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: “She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there.” Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above. Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date. In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests. Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her “Be Best” campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience. Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 per cent of those surveyed saying they have a favourable impression of her, up from 47 per cent in January. A week after the first lady announced “Be Best,” she was in the hospital. She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honor recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since. The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks “she wanted to spend some quality time with her family.” Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the “Be Best” initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities. Grisham said the first lady would like to be “out and about promoting her initiatives” but “her health comes first.” Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady “her space for a whole bunch of reasons.” But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that she made the long-waited announcement about her initiative — and then disappeared. “If there's not that followup, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been,” Harris said.
Read more about:
JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. — Desonta Bradford scored 22 points, Peter Jurkin had a double-double and East Tennessee State rolled to its 15th straight win on Saturday 81-61 over Chattanooga.
Jurkin had 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Buccaneers (21-4, 12-0 Southern Conference), who tied the 1952-53 team for the second longest winning streak. ETSU won 16 straight in 2003-04. Jalan McCloud added 15 points and David Burrell 14.
Unlike the first meeting, when the Bucs led by 21 at halftime and won 85-66, ETSU was only up by 11 at the break because of a late 14-2 run. Bradford had seven and Burrell five.
The Mocs (8-17, 2-10) never got closer than 11 in the second half.
Five birdies in his final six holes saw Rory McIlroy capture the Arnold Palmer Invitational and, in turn, end an 18-month win drought - the longest run since winning his first tour title in Dubai.
The four-time major champion rose to the occasion among a stacked leaderboard at Bay Hill, which included 54-hole leader Henrik Stenson, Justin Rose and Tiger Woods, carding an eight-under-par 64 to see off Bryson DeChambeau by three strokes.
It's McIlroy's first win since the 2016 Tour Championship and the first with new caddie Harry Diamond on the bag. For the tournament, McIlroy led the field in driving distance, proximity to the hole, scrambling and strokes gained: putting (+2.503).
The last of those stats was particularly impressive given McIlroy's struggles with the flat stick so far this season (-0.107) but some advice from former tour pro Brad Faxon and being armed with new a TaylorMade TP Black Copper Soto helped spark the impressive turnaround - with McIlroy full of praise for Faxon.
“Freed up my head more than my stroke,” said McIlroy, who moved up to No. 7 in the world.
“I sort of felt like maybe [I was] complicating things a bit and thinking a little bit too much about it and maybe a little bogged down by technical or mechanical thoughts.
"You look at so many guys out here, so many different ways to get the ball in the hole, even going back to the likes of Billy Mayfair or someone that is very unorthodox but still got it done. The objective is to get that ball in the hole, and that's it.
"I think I lost sight of that a little bit. That sounds silly, I guess, but just reminded myself that it doesn't matter how you do it as long as that thing goes in, and that's sort of the mindset I had this week."
It was a great two weeks of being in contention again. I feel like I'm getting a little better. Great playing by Rory today to win at the King's place. Arnie would have been proud of golf today and the charges!!! — Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) March 19, 2018
Woods, meanwhile, was within one shot of the lead at a point on the back nine but ended up finishing eight back of McIlroy after a bogey at the 16th hole, where his tee shot flew out of bounds.
Still though, it was a fifth-placed finish for the 14-time major champion and, in his last start before teeing it up in the Masters in less than three weeks' time, he feels as though he's in as good a spot as he could be at this point.
"To be in contention, if you had asked me at the beginning of the year that I would have had a chance to win two golf tournaments, I would have taken that in a heartbeat."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A 22-year-old Scranton man whom police charged with setting fire to his downtown apartment and driving more than a 100 from their homes Sunday admitted to investigators he did it because he wanted to move, police said.
Lamont Wright, of Mulberry Tower Apartments, 499 Mulberry St., told Inspector Martin Monahan, the city fire marshal, he piled clothing in his bathtub and set fire to it, according to a criminal complaint. He disconnected his smoke alarm to prevent anyone from coming up to his fifth-floor apartment.
He let the fire burn for about 10 minutes before deciding to put it out but found it grew too big, police said.
Numerous 911 calls brought firefighters to the fifth floor of the downtown high-rise at 4:24 p.m. Lt. Brian Scott and his crew crawled through the smoke and found fire in Wright's bathroom. The firefighters ran a hose to the apartment and worked to put it out. Crews checked other apartments for victims. By the elevator on that floor, they found a crying, wheelchair bound woman who needed help. Multiple residents were checked out for smoke inhalation.
The fire was contained to Wright's apartment, but water damage spread to lower floors. The fire affected 203 people.
More than 100 were displaced and 37 people needed shelter for the night, Fire Chief Patrick DeSarno said. Crews returned to the high-rise Monday to begin clearing the floors. Officials said they hope to have the displaced residents back home soon.
With the fire out Sunday evening, city fire inspector Jim Lunney ruled out all accidental causes. After Monahan learned that the apartment was Wright's, he called his cellphone and Wright agreed to speak with him.
Wright first said he fell asleep while cooking and awoke to the fire. He later admitted he set it, police said. The fifth-floor hallway was empty as he walked away from his apartment toward the fire exit, he told Monahan. The fire alarms blared.
Wright is charged with arson, criminal mischief and recklessly endangering another person. Bail and preliminary hearing information was not immediately available.
Contact the writer: jkohut@timesshamrock.com, 570-348-9144; @jkohutTT on Twitter.
As we all know, Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West are expecting their third child next year through a surrogate, but even though the word about their new bundle of joy has been out for awhile now, it's only just now that it's making its way onto their family's TV show.
Sunday's episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians shows Kim right smack dab in the middle of the process of getting a surrogate, and she revealed what she really thinks about it all while talking to her sisters.
“Getting a surrogate and finding someone that you really trust is so much more for difficult of a situation than you could really imagine,” Kim explained to her big sister Kourtney.
"You have to like make sure that their lifestyle is healthy and they have to go through psychological testing, and it was maybe a year before we finalized our current situation. But I think everything happens for a reason, because the surrogate that I really loved got approved and she is such a nice person, like she's so easy to talk to and she's the perfect fit for us, but we have to decide quickly, are we really going to go through with this or are we gonna wait until we feel more prepared.”
VIDEO: Khloé Kardashian Tries (and Fails) to Block Her Baby Bump
While we all know now that Kim and Kanye ended up moving forward with the surrogacy process, in the clip, Kim told her sister Khloé that there was only a 60 percent chance the embryo would take, which was something she was afraid of happening.
“Before Kimberly got pregnant with Saint, she had an embryo implanted into her and that embryo did not take," Khloé later explained. "So Kim is super nervous and anxious during this waiting period. Of course, she wants to know: Is she or is she not having another baby?”
Kim also had fears about not carrying her third child herself.
RELATED: What Kim Kardashian's Grandma Thinks of Kim's Nude Photos Shoots
“It is frustrating to not be able to do it on your own,” she said. “It is a weird dynamic. Like I go to all the doctors' appointments and I try to be really present, but when you're not carrying it yourself, it is such a fine balance of how much you're going to be in their lives.”
Despite the difficulties, at the end of the day, Kim felt grateful.
“I'm seriously so grateful for that and that someone is so selfless and kind to do this, and I definitely want to keep it private,” she said. “I don't want people to find my surrogate. Like I don't want them to harass her. She doesn't know how to handle stuff like that. This isn't her world.”
Trudeau must act on Trans Mountain pipeline promise — April 11
The evidence of our destabilizing climate continues to mount across Waterloo Region, where residents recently braced for what Environment Canada anticipated as a potentially historic ice storm — this after extreme heat and flooding events this past year. The costs of climate change are increasingly obvious to us in this region. The solutions are also well known: we must reduce greenhouse gas emissions dramatically by pricing carbon, transitioning to renewable energy, using energy efficiently, and slowing the extraction and use of fossil fuels.
That's why Canada's intention to proceed with the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain pipeline expansion — a project that would serve to expand Alberta's tarsands production — is so alarming. Increasing emissions from the tarsands represent almost 60 per cent of the total projected growth in Canadian emissions between 2010 and 2030, completely undermining Canada's commitment to reduce emissions by 30 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030.
Instead of supporting pipelines that lock us into increasing emissions and climate crises, Canada can demonstrate leadership by phasing out fossil fuel subsidies, winding down fossil fuel extraction, and investing in a low carbon future. This pipeline is not in the national interest — rapidly reducing emissions while respecting Indigenous communities is.
Henriette Thompson
Waterloo
Laura Hamilton
Your creativity seems endless, especially to a like-minded individual. Do not hesitate to tap into this person's imagination as well, even if it's just to create some plans for dinner. The two of you encourage each other to think in new ways. Tonight: Get some much-needed sleep!
How you feel about a certain person could change radically once you try to see what is going on with him or her. Optimism surrounds a partner and his or her long-term desires. You will do well with matters involving luck. Tonight: Go along with a loved one's suggestion.
IF TODAY IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: This year you naturally seem to know what to do in various situations. Others often follow your lead. You could gain financially by slowing down and making solid choices. You might want to increase your knowledge and take a class or two. If you are single, you meet people with ease after summer 2018. In fact, many admirers seem to appear in your life during this time. If you are attached, the two of you spend a lot of time together. You frequently can be seen out and about together, meeting new people or off taking a workshop. LIBRA helps ease your path socially.
You are on top of your work. You might feel a need to slow down and stay close to home today. Actually, this idea is excellent, as you are likely to burn out otherwise. A partner or loved one might be much more intense about what is going on than you realize. Tonight: Make it easy.
Express what is on your mind, even if you feel crunched for time. Sometimes it is important to toss your schedule to the wayside in order to deal with an important issue. You are unusually playful and full of ideas. Check in with a family member. Tonight: Stay close to home.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
Stay centred when pricing out a major expenditure. You might want to get some feedback from others who have made similar purchases. Your mind creates many possibilities that you'll want to explore; check them out sooner rather than later. Tonight: Accept a fun invitation.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Avoid being testy and difficult with others. You might feel frustrated, especially if someone did not share the whole story or his or her involvement in a particular issue. Claim your power, but be careful not to act out. Examine new possibilities carefully. Tonight: Curb sarcasm.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Your smile comes through and helps others relax. You can get past a hassle, no matter how hard or challenging it seems. You could be driven by a friend's determination to have a get-together be more to his or her pleasing. Speak your mind. Tonight: Only where you want to be.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You are particularly lucky when it comes to making the correct decision. Use the morning for any matter that is significant. In the afternoon, you are likely to be distracted, or you might want to take off on an adventure alone or with a loved one. Tonight: Try out a new hot spot.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
You could be overwhelmed by everything that is going on. Listen to your inner voice when making a decision. You might feel as if you can't make a mistake. Consider what is happening, and carefully weigh the pros and cons. Tonight: Take some time for yourself.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Your friends and loved ones seem to be more assured and happier than you presently are. Your self-confidence might melt away if you are not absolutely positive that you are on the right path. Do not overthink the situation; instead, get into the moment. Tonight: Out with friends.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Reach out to someone at a distance. You might want to take your time and have a long-overdue conversation. Consider making a trip to visit each other in the near future. Do not get feisty if you feel pressured by a relative who wants to spend more time with you. Tonight: Say “yes.”
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Know when to defer to someone else. You might feel tired or withdrawn, and letting this person call the shots would be the correct choice. You will need to get feedback from others. Refuse to shut down others' suggestions. Take time for a quality talk. Tonight: Catch some zzzs.
BORN TODAY: Illustrator Norman Rockwell (1894), barrister Amal Clooney (1978), actress Morgan Fairchild (1950)
www.jacquelinebigar.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most, the best thing about Christmas is the huge feast on the big day, and filling up on lots of yummy festive food and champagne.
While food prep may take weeks of planning and endless lists, there are always a few things left to the last minute.
If you do need to make an impromptu visit to the supermarket, knowing when it is open - or closing - can save you a lot of headache.
If popping to Waitrose or John Lewis is on the cards, we've outlined what you need to know about the retailer's festive opening hours below. Or check www.waitrose.com or www.johnlewis.com before setting off.
Waitrose opening hours at a glance:
Christmas Eve - The majority of Waitrose shops will be open 10:30am - 4:30pm on Christmas Eve
Christmas Day - All stores will be closed.
Boxing Day - All stores will be closed.
New Year's Eve - The majority of Waitrose shops will be open 10:30am - 4:30pm on New Year's Eve.
The majority of Waitrose shops will be open 10:30am - 4:30pm on New Year's Eve. New Year's Day - Select shops will open on New Year's Day, opening from 10:30am to 4:30pm.
John Lewis opening hours at a glance:
(Image: Getty)
Extended opening hours in the run up to Christmas will be in operation in many stores (approximately 8pm/9pm in some areas), but timings will differ from store to store. Make sure you check www.johnlewis.com for exact hours for your local branch.
AMAZON will stop shipping overseas purchases to Australia from July 1 in response to the government's online GST changes.
In an email to customers on Thursday, the e-commerce giant said "while we regret any inconvenience this may cause", it would be redirecting Australian customers from its international sites to Amazon.com.au, "where you can shop for products sold by Amazon US on the new Amazon Global Store, available today".
"We have taken this step to provide our customers with continued access to international selection and allow us to remain compliant with the law which requires us to collect and remit GST on products sold on Amazon sites that are shipped from overseas," the email said.
"Amazon Global Store will allow Australian customers to shop on Amazon.com.au for over four million items that were previously only accessible on Amazon.com. This selection is in addition to the more than 60 million products that are already available on Amazon.com.au across 23 categories, including books, fashion, toys, and electronics.
"To welcome you to Amazon.com.au, and thank you for choosing to shop with us, we are offering you a $20 voucher to redeem against your next purchase on Amazon.com.au of items sold and shipped by Amazon AU."
The company first flagged potentially blocking Australian users if the controversial online GST changes went ahead during a Senate economics committee hearing last year.
The new laws require overseas businesses with an annual turnover of $75,000 or more to register with the Australian Taxation Office to collect GST on all goods sold, including purchases under the current low-value threshold of $1000.
Representatives for Amazon, Alibaba, eBay and Etsy all criticised the changes, although Amazon insisted at the time it had not yet confirmed whether it would geoblock Australians.
Kevin Willis, the retail giant's director of global trade services, told the committee in his decades of experience with cross-border trade tax policy development, there "has never been a tax of this magnitude".
"The vastness and complexity, the number of players we're talking about, which grows daily as cross-border commerce takes hold, it's difficult to quantify what the implementation costs are, as well as any impact on revenue," he said.
"From our perspective that's going to be dictated by the behaviour of the consumers, so there's a big challenge how we go about this. Timing - I don't see timing as a solution. It really doesn't fix the fundamental flaws in the collection model."
Mr Willis said retailers would typically be given several years to prepare for changes of this scale.
"A lot of this is going to have to do with the infrastructure that's going to need to be built and continually updated and refreshed to make sure we are linking the appropriate parties," he said. "In a marketplace we don't touch those goods, they're not moving through the Amazon logistics system, so we have to work out where they originate from."
GALLIPOLIS — Candidates are again turning in their petitions to meet a Feb. 7 declarations of party candidacy deadline in order to be ready for voting in the May 8 primary election.
Harold Montgomery has once again filed to run for Gallia County Commissions as has past County Auditor Larry Betz. Both are filing to run for their incumbent positions.
According to Gallia Board of Elections Director Dale Whitt, petitions are being passed around the county as prospective candidates seek to fill board requirements before being allowed on the ballot.
The Ohio Secretary of State's website states that area boards of election must prepare and publish notices of the May 8 primary election and provide notices to federal write-in absentee voters upon request by Jan. 28. Constitutional amendments proposed by the General Assembly are to be filed to the Secretary of State by Feb. 7. Declarations of party candidacy must be filed by 4 p.m. at local boards along with local questions and issues to be considered, also on Feb. 7.
By Feb. 19, boards must certify sufficiency and validity of party candidate petitions along with local option petitions. Protests against such candidate petitions need be filed by 4 p.m. on Feb. 23, along with protests against local options.
Write-in candidates for May 8 primaries must file declarations of intent by 4 p.m. Forms for official ballots for the May 8 primaries must be certified by the Secretary of State to boards of elections by Feb. 27.
Protests against write-in candidates must be filed by 4 p.m., March 2. By March 9, boards of elections must have a program scheduled for instruction of precinct election officials. Absentee ballots for May must be ready by March 24. April 9 is the deadline for voter registration before the May primary.
Applications for absentee ballots need to be mailed for May primaries and be received by the boards of elections by noon, May 5. Nominating petitions for independent candidates for officers for which a primary election must be held must be filed by 4 p.m., May 7. May 8 is election day. Polls open at 6:30 a.m. and close at 7:30 p.m. Absentee ballots, returned in person or by a method other than US Mail, must be received by the close of polls. Absentee ballots must be received by May 18 by boards of elections to be counted.
2 More In Britain Sickened By Nerve Agent Used Against Ex-Russian Spy British police say a couple who were found gravely ill on Saturday had been poisoned with the same nerve agent that was used in an attack earlier this year on a former Russian spy and his daughter.
2 More In Britain Sickened By Nerve Agent Used Against Ex-Russian Spy Europe 2 More In Britain Sickened By Nerve Agent Used Against Ex-Russian Spy 2 More In Britain Sickened By Nerve Agent Used Against Ex-Russian Spy Audio will be available later today. British police say a couple who were found gravely ill on Saturday had been poisoned with the same nerve agent that was used in an attack earlier this year on a former Russian spy and his daughter. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Her mother Anita is from Cote First Nation in Saskatchewan and Terance is from O-Chi-Chak Ko Sipi First Nation in Manitoba.
"To be that person to pave the way for many young First Nations girls across Canada, it's exciting for me," Brigette said. "I'm proud of who I am and where I come from and who I represent."
Lacquette says watching Inuit forward Jordin Tootoo play for Canada's junior hockey team in 2003 when she was 11 was significant moment because she didn't have any Indigenous hockey heroes.
She's now that player for young girls across the country. A throng of people from her community travelled to Winnipeg to watch her play for Canada in a Dec. 5 exhibition game against the U.S.
During the game, her teammates pointed out a sign held by a young girl near the players' bench that said "All I want for Christmas is a stick from my idol Brigette Lacquette."
Lacquette obliged by tossing her stick over the glass. The recipient burst into tears.
"She was so pumped," Lacquette said. "That was before the (Olympic) team was named. I just couldn't believe that I was that person for them."
She's received more than moral support from her First Nations community.
When the cost of playing hockey increased for Lacquette and her older sister Tara, a former University of Manitoba goaltender, the Cote First Nation covered some of their expenses.
"Growing up, my family didn't have a lot of money," Lacquette said. "They definitely helped offset the cost of minor hockey fees and whatnot."
Lacquette played for Canada's silver-medal teams in the 2015 and 2016 world championships. The University of Wisconsin alum was among the last players cut from Canada's Olympic team in 2014.
"The first thing that comes to mind is her relentlessness and her resiliency," Canadian head coach Laura Schuler said.
"Obviously she was centralized back in 2014 and didn't make the team. She doesn't let anything get in her way. When she has a goal in mind with what she wants to do, it doesn't matter what happens, she just keeps on trucking."
When Lacquette speaks to Canadian First Nations communities, her message is to persevere.
"I've overcome a lot I think," she said. "I got bullied when I was younger because I had really bad eczema growing up, and racism as well.
"It's definitely something I speak about and I'm open about, that I got bullied. If a kid gets bullied, I think they can realize that 'Oh, she went through it too.'
"My message is you're going to go through valleys and you're going to go through the mountains of life. But you can always keep pushing."
The Canadian Press
Botswana-born electrical engineer Freda Muyambo runs My Burnt Orange, an expression of her Pan-African palate and her love for making healthy traditional African food. With Ghanaian parents and a Zimbabwean husband, Freda, or “Freedes” as she is known on her blog, runs her blog from her home in London, combining flavors and ingredients from her travels across the continent.
Check out her scrumptious recipe for Seswaa, Botswanan slow-cooked shredded beef with bogobe (polenta). Chunks of beef are simmered in an onion broth before being pounded to shreds. The spiced dish is packed with flavor and incredibly tender.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 2:16 pm |
Israeli Education Minister Naftali Bennett. (Ohad Zweigenberg/Pool)
YERUSHALAYIM (AP/Hamodia) - Israel's Education Minister Naftali Bennett warned Lebanon, following threats by Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah, that Israel will hold Lebanon responsible for hostile actions by the terrorist group.
Bennett, a member of Israel's security cabinet, said that any future attack by Hezbollah would be considered a “declaration of war by the Lebanese state” as a whole. Nor will Israel operate “surgically” in the next war with the Shiite militia.
Bennett's remarks to Army Radio on Monday followed Nasrallah's threat Sunday to crush any Israeli force that enters Lebanon.
However, despite announcing it as a “new strategy,” it was not clear that Bennett was authorized to speak for the Israeli government on the matter. The Prime Minister's Office on Monday did not respond to a query asking if Bennett spoke for Netanyahu, The Times of Israel said.
“Israel's interest is to prevent another confrontation in Lebanon, and so our new strategy is simple: Lebanon equals Hezbollah, Hezbollah equals Lebanon,” Bennett declared.
“Unlike the Second Lebanon War, this time we won't differentiate between the organization and the state of Lebanon. This means any attack by Hezbollah will cause destruction throughout Lebanon and its institutions,” he added.
In a speech marking the 11th anniversary of the Second Lebanon War with Israel in 2006, Hezbollah General-Secretary Hassan Nasrallah on Sunday advised Israel to relocate its Dimona nuclear reactor. He said it too is a target for his organization, now that its armed with more accurate, long-range missiles. Previously, he threatened to attack the huge ammonia tank in Haifa.
The election readiness convention, which wraps up Sunday, takes place as the Conservatives — whose leader Patrick Brown and president Rick Dykstra have quit over sexual allegations they deny — scrap over a new leader in an abbreviated race that will culminate March 10.
“Stay out to knock on just one more door, or five more or maybe 20 more,” she exhorted to more than 1,000 cheering supporters in a Toronto hotel ballroom that was two-thirds full.
‎In a nod to polls that show her personal popularity low and the Liberals neck-and-neck with the Conservatives, Wynne reminded Liberal activists from across the province that she lost her first election in 1994 by just 72 votes.
“I don't think there's anyone under any illusion that we've got this in the bag,” Wynne said after a 30-minute campaign-style speech to supporters at her party's annual meeting Saturday.
The Liberal government faces an “uphill battle” to win re-election this spring despite disarray in the rival Progressive Conservatives over a damaging sexual misconduct scandal, says Premier Kathleen Wynne.
They include a higher minimum wage , the new OHIP+ pharmacare plan for people up to age 25, and free tuition in place for more than 200,000 college and university students of modest means.
“It's not who we're fighting against, it's who we're fighting for,” she said several times in the speech, citing measures her government has taken to help Ontarians.
Wynne hinted the Liberal campaign will focus more on voters and pocketbook issues than the opposition Conservatives and New Democrats.
“There's a lot a‎t stake on June 7,” Wynne said.
“We are changing lives for the better, today, right now,” she added, making a case for her activist style that saw the minimum wage surge $2.40 hourly to $14 in January with another $1 increase slated for next year.
“There is a place for government — a need for government — to be involved in tackling these big issues that people simply can't solve alone.”
The New Democrats said Wynne's decision to bump up the minimum wage and improve pharmacare just months before the election smacks of pure political opportunism.
“We don't just sit and wait until four months out from an election in desperation and all of a sudden discover there are people who work full time and go to food banks,” NDP campaign direction Michael Balagus told reporters, referring to a line in Wynne's speech about low-income families unable to make ends meet.
“When these people (Liberal volunteers) get out on those doorsteps that Kathleen Wynne is sending them to, they're going to have a different greeting . . . people are going to say ‘Why is my grandmother stacked up in the hallway of a hospital? Why can't she get into a long-term care home.”
Conservative MPP Lisa MacLeod (Nepean-Carleton) said in a statement that Wynne for too long “has been turning her back on hard-working people in the province.”
Without mentioning the Conservatives and some of their business supporters by name, Wynne ‎mocked them for saying the minimum wage has gone up too far, too fast.
“Make no mistake. When they say ‘not now' we know what they're really saying . . . not now means not.”
Business groups have raised concerns the rapid rise in the minimum wage has made it hard for employers to adjust, putting tens of thousands of jobs in jeopardy.
Brown promised in the party's election platform that the $14 minimum wage would stay but raising it to $15 would take place over the next few years in 25-cent increments .
Wynne warned party activists to gird for tougher shots from critics as the election approaches.
“Some do it in the newspapers. Some do it on Twitter. Some do it from behind a podium in their mother's basement,” the premier added to laughs from the crowd in a shot of her own at PC leadership candidate Doug Ford, the former Toronto city councillor and brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford.
Ford, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor against the victorious John Tory in 2014, announced his bid for Brown's job earlier this week at his mom's Etobicoke home.
In a reference to the spate of sexual misconduct allegations in the media worldwide, Wynne said her party has a “very strict vetting process” for candidates.
“To my knowledge, no,” she replied when asked if any Liberal candidates have incidents in their past that could emerge in the weeks leading to the election.
Should any allegations come forward, Wynne said the party would take action.
“I'm heartbroken that in 2018, we as a society are still confronted by this vile and unacceptable behaviour that is dominating our headlines right now.”
”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Republicans who control both houses of the state Legislature proved that they were not as gung-ho to end the state government's booze monopoly as their rhetoric suggested, when they declined to do it when their fellow Republican, Tom Corbett, was governor. They tinkered with the system but left it largely intact.
Now, Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf has made it plain that he will not agree to end the monopoly — a position that is standard Democratic policy to protect important unionized constituencies in state store system clerks and managers.
Wolf has agreed to steps to “modernize” the system, including supermarket wine sales, even though those steps do no such thing. Even with retail wine sales outside of state-run stores, the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board maintains its monopoly over wholesale distribution, thus effectively keeping prices within a narrow range rather than creating true price competition. And the PLCB remains the sole purveyor of liquor and other spirits.
The House could vote as early as today on two bills. One would allow hard liquor bottle sales at some supermarkets, restaurants and bars. But the license fee would be just $2,000, a giveaway that lawmakers should reject.
The other bill would end the wholesale monopoly, which would create true price and product competition. That, however, should be part of an overall state divestment of the monopoly, which is long overdue.
Pennsylvania's appropriate roles in alcohol sales are licensing, regulation, taxation and enforcement. Lawmakers should stop tinkering around the edges and making the system ever more complex, and simply sell it off to the private sector, where it belongs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dylan Hartley has blasted “so-called experts” for expressing fears over his rugby future.
The England captain announced on Monday that he had taken medical advice and pulled the plug on his season due to concussion.
Given it is his third concussion in three seasons and he has not played since March 17, some questioned the wisdom of him playing on.
To which Hartley, 32, gave short shrift - defiantly insisting that he would return to action next season.
“I see there are a lot of so-called experts out there in newspapers, pubs and podcasts recommending what I do with my career,” he wrote on Instagram.
(Image: PA)
“Funnily enough I'm only listening to the medical professionals and myself.
“Fortunately/unfortunately for some I'll be back next season to help my respective teams push on.”
Hartley sustained two concussions in 2016, the second of which left him with no memory of lifting the Six Nations trophy in France.
This latest episode again occurred on England duty, against Ireland, though the symptoms only developed post-match.
“Dylan's way of coping and dealing with it is looking forward,” former Wales star Jonathan Thomas, who quit rugby after suffering severe head trauma, told the BBC .
“But in the here and now I think he's been really wise to listen to medical advice. Because it's a head trauma and you don't want issues later in life.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
“Concussion isn't just being knocked out where you lose consciousness. I
"It can be a hit on the head where your brain rattles back and forth inside your skull and you get symptoms.”
Bryan Habana, South Africa's record try-scorer with 67 tries in 124 Tests, succumbed to injury and announced his retirement yesterday.
“It's been more than a year of hoping, trying, pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time,” he said. “But it's unfortunately just not to be.”
Tom Daley has been buying baby clothes for the past six years.
The 23-year-old Olympian - who is expecting a son with husband Dustin Lance Black via a surrogate - has always wanted to have a child and admits it was "hard" knowing he may never become a father, but he has made sure he is prepared by splashing out on numerous garments for his little one over the years.
He said: "It's great having a husband, it's quite a romantic marriage. I always wanted to get married and have children even before I met Lance.
"I've been buying baby clothes for the last six years, it was something that really mattered to me.
"Knowing it meant I might not be able to have a kid was hard. If you are in a straight relationship it can just be a matter of a glass of wine and a pizza on the sofa. To want a child as a same-sex couple is a tough process, a long process."
Tom and Lance are unsure which of them is the biological father to their unborn child - who is due in June - and while they have a great relationship with their "amazing" surrogate, the diving sensation has been "terrified" reading numerous baby books ahead of the birth.
He said: "We found an egg donor and we are the sperm donors, we have fertilized half the eggs each. We put in a boy embryo and a girl embryo and we don't know whose is whose. The next time we will do it the other way around.
"Ours [surrogate] is the most amazing woman, she is lovely and kind and generous. The baby books are terrifying.
"I've read up far too much, but we are both going to take time away from the pool and work."
While Tom is unsure who his and Lance's baby will take after, he is already planning to set the youngster on a path to follow in his diving career footsteps by putting him in water when he turns three months old.
“Parenting in the Age of Social Media” is topic on March 21
The next MPCSD Parent Education Speaker Series topic is “Parenting in the Age of Social Media” on
Wednesday, March 21, 6:30 – 8:00 p.m., at the Hillview PAC with Gloria Moskowitz-Sweet the featured speaker.
Today's kids are “digital natives,” who have grown up in a world of online access and ever-changing media devices. Do you wonder how to teach your child responsibility and ethics online, how to ensure they are aware of their actions, and how best to parent them in the digital age?
Come join My Digital TAT2 for an informative presentation, recommended for anyone interested in gaining an overview of the digital landscape and learning about thoughtful ways to navigate media with children.
Topics include the evolving digital landscape and current trends, emotional and psychological responses to social media, responding to challenging issues such as techno-perfection, digital distraction, sleep, and sexting; strategies to engage your teen with constructive conversation and promote media balance for the entire family.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He was one the undisputed king of the airways for much of the nineties and noughties before his hiatus .
And now along with his rapid rise back to the top on Radio X Chris Moyles has also found his love-life flourishing, as the DJ is reportedly dating Tiffany Austin.
The former Radio 1 star, 42, and Tiffany - who also works in music - have been dating for 18 months, with the artist manager even packing up her things and moving to the UK, reports The Sun .
And it would seem that Chris and Tiffany have managed to keep their blossoming romance out of the headlines thanks to their laid-back approach to romance.
(Photo: WENN.com)
An insider told the newspaper's Dan Wooten : "They have been going out for at least a year and a half but have done well to keep it on the down low.
“They are both very laid back, so neither has made a big song nor dance about it or splashed soppy pics across social media."
Chris - who rose to fame on the Radio 1 Breakfast Show - and Tiffany are said to be getting "serious", as the Beverly Hills native has apparently packed her bags and made the move across the pond.
(Photo: FameFlynet UK Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@fameflynet.uk.com)
“Tiff moved from Los Angeles to live in London towards the end of last year, which is a huge step," the source added. “But it means they will be able to spend a lot more time together. They are both really happy.”
A representative for Chris declined to comment when approached by Mirror Celebrity.
It certainly seems as though the couple are in the throes of love, as they were seen putting on a very cosy display at the Beautiful: The Carole King Musical birthday gala on Thursday.
Arriving at the event in London, the DJ and his Tiffany were keen to keep close to each other as they showed up on the red carpet.
(Photo: WENN.com)
Coordinating their outfits the loved-up pair both wore black, with Chris sporting a laid-back look consisting of an overcoat, tee and jeans.
Tiffany meanwhile looked suitably glamorous in a wintry ensemble, which saw her wrapping up in a black great coat.
Showcasing his incredible five stone weight-loss, the DJ cut a slimline figure compared to his days back in the chair for Radio 1.
He has previously talked about his remarkable lifestyle turn-around, and claimed that giving up junk food and getting into running helped him to combat the bulge.
Chris was previously linked to his Jesus Christ Superstar co-star Mel C, but his last serious relationship was with TV producer Sophie Waite.
Super Slimmers: Did They Really Keep The Weight Off? discovers whether fad diets REALLY work
How Web Browsers Have Changed 25 Years After The Introduction Of Mosaic This week marks the 25th anniversary of the first real web browser, Mosaic, the tool that opened up the Internet to widespread use.
Free State: South Africa`s openers Dean Elgar and Aiden Markram hit centuries as Bangladesh`s bowlers were outclassed on day one of the second and final Test at Mangaung Oval on Friday.
The hosts were 256 for one at tea. Elgar made 113 and Markram was unbeaten on 135.
Markram`s maiden century came in his second Test, eight days after he was run out for 97 in his debut innings during the first Test in Potchefstroom.
For the second successive match, the South African opening pair gave Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur Rahim cause regretting his decision to bowl first. Their partnership of 243 exceeded the 196 they put on to set up South Africa`s 333-run win in the first Test.
Elgar followed up his 199 in Potchefstroom with his tenth Test century. He made his runs off 152 balls, with 17 fours. When he reached 16 he became the first batsman in the world to score 1,000 Test runs in 2017.
Neither batsman gave a chance until Elgar, on 110, gloved an attempted hook off Mustafizur Rahman and wicketkeeper Liton Das leapt high and got the tips of his right glove to the ball but could not hold on.
Mustafizur was replaced by Subashis Roy, and when Elgar hooked again, Mustafizur ran in from fine leg to take an excellent diving catch for Bangladesh`s only success.
Roy was one of three changes to their bowling line-up, with only Mustafizur of their front-line bowlers retained.
The left-handed Elgar, with a reputation for solid accumulation rather than flashy strokes, hurried to his half-century off 59 balls and his century off 116 deliveries.
Markram was more subdued at the start of the innings but reached fifty off 81 balls. He square drove Rubel Hossain for four to reach 97 and scarcely had time to remember his dismissal on the same score in Potchefstroom before he hooked the next delivery for his 16th four to reach his century off 141 balls.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is claiming he cannot be sued now that he has won the White House — a defense in a lawsuit that alleges Trump incited rally-goers to violence when they allegedly assaulted protesters during the 2016 campaign.
In a court filing Friday, Trump's lawyers argue twice that the President has blanket immunity against lawsuits.
“Mr. Trump is immune from suit because he is President of the United States,” the attorneys wrote, adding, “Mr. Trump is immune from proceedings pursuant to Clinton v. Jones.”
In the case, three protesters, Kashiya Nwanguma, Molly Shah and Henry Brousseau, accuse two men, Alvin Bamberger and Matthew Heimbach, of assaulting them at a Kentucky rally in March 2016.
The lawsuit also names Trump for allegedly inciting the men's actions, pointing to Trump telling the crowd, “Get them out of here” with regard to protesters during the rally.
Trump's lawyers contended that Trump was speaking to security and not the crowd, but the federal judge in the case has already ruled that it's plausible Trump had incited a riot, allowing the lawsuit to move forward.
In Friday's filing, Trump's lawyers make several claims in response to the lawsuit, including that Trump had a right to remove protesters from his event, that getting tickets to the rally waived their claims, and that their “claims are barred by their unclean hands,” in addition to claiming immunity.
Experts say that the immunity argument, though, will be tough for the Trump administration to justify — and the reference to the Clinton v. Jones case is particularly puzzling.
Two major Supreme Court cases, one under President Andrew Johnson and one with President Richard Nixon, held that presidents have broad immunity when it comes to their actions in office.
But the court decided unanimously in former President Bill Clinton's case that he could face a lawsuit for actions he allegedly took prior to becoming President, leading to his famous impeachment. In that case, former Arkansas state employee Paula Jones alleged Clinton sexually harassed her when he was governor of Arkansas.
“Generally speaking, things done before the President is president, in the President's ordinary capacity, there's no special immunity from suit,” said University of Chicago Law School professor William Baude, who works on immunity. “(The concept is) about preserving your ability to do your job; it doesn't apply before you had your job”
Alden Abbott, a legal scholar at the conservative Heritage Foundation, similarly said he couldn't think of a strong legal argument for immunity in this case, though both men noted that in a long opinion like Clinton v. Jones, it's possible a “footnote or caveat,” as Baude put it, could offer a new legal argument that contradicts the overall decision.
Abbott noted that it's not uncommon for lawyers to offer several defenses, in case any of them might stick.
“I think it's safe to say it's an uphill climb, but as lawyers normally do, belt and suspenders approach, when in a suit against a public official or any lawsuit for tort, which is basically what this seems to be, you're going to put down any defense that you think might be successful,” Abbott said. “Immunity is only one out of many, and I suspect they're going to put a lot more on the First Amendment and the lack of being able to prove incitement. … So if (immunity) were the only defense it would be an uphill defense, but it's only one of many responses.”
Bamberger, for his part, has claimed as a defense that he would not have responded to the protesters the way he did “without Trump and/or the Trump campaign's specific urging and inspiration.”
Trump has the potential to face more litigation while in office, including lawsuits stemming from his long business career. Since winning the election, he has settled some lawsuits against him out of court.
By Tal Kopan
LAHORE : President Mamnoon Hussain has said that the general elections being held in Pakistan will further strengthen the democratic and political system in the country.
Addressing the Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Lahore, the President said he is confident that the upcoming democratic government will continue the process of economic development and welfare of the masses.
The President said that Pakistan's importance has been enhanced on world level due to China Pakistan Economic Corridor project.
Mamnoon Hussain pointed out that trust of foreign investors is being restored due to peaceful environment in the country.
He said we need to focus on value added products to promote exports of Pakistan.
Mamnoon Hussain said that Pakistan is an investment-friendly country and international investors are fully interested to invest in Pakistan due to effective steps being taken by the government.
He urged the business community to explore new trade opportunities.
He expressed the hope that diplomatic corps would play a positive role by urging the investors, traders and industrialists of their respective countries to avail the opportunities.
Share on: WhatsApp
Bryon Hefner, the husband of Sen. Stanley C. Rosenberg, plead not guilty to 10 felony charges including multiple charges of sexual assault, criminal lewdness, and distributing nude photographs without consent at his arraignment in Suffolk Superior Court Tuesday morning.
Hefner, 30, was indicted by a statewide grand jury on March 29 but Tuesday morning marked his first day in court following months of reports about his inappropriate behavior with men he met through his work on Beacon Hill.
The state brought 10 felony charges against Hefner. The case centers on four victims, three of whom Hefner sexually assaulted within the last five years, according to a press release from the offices of Attorney General Maura Healey and Suffolk District Attorney Dan Conley. He pleads not guilty to each charge and was released on his own recognizance.
Conley said the investigation, which is ongoing, revealed a pattern of criminal conduct.
Hefner allegedly sexually assaulted one person on three separate occasions: once in June 2015 in a residential building and twice in April 2016 in a vehicle and in a restaurant.
Prosecutors say Hefner sexually assaulted another person in 2014 and then exposed his genitals to that person in June 2016.
He sexually assaulted a third victim in August 2016, prosecutors said.
He is to stay away from the alleged victims and the Massachusetts State House. Hefner also must surrender his passport to the Boston police.
He is to return in June for a pretrial conference.
A date of March 25, 2019 was set for trial.
Timeline Leading Up To Release Of The Nunes Memo The so-called "Nunes memo" has been released to the public. Joined by Washington Post reporter Philip Bump, we take a look back at how the memo came to be and why it was originally written.
England crumbles to 211 all out against Pakistan
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 19:00 IST
Britain Cricket - England v Pakistan - 2017 ICC Champions Trophy Semi Final - Sophia Gardens - June 14, 2017 Pakistan's Hasan Ali celebrates taking the wicket of England's Ben Stokes Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
By Ed Osmond
CARDIFF (Reuters) - England struggled on a slow pitch against a disciplined Pakistan attack to limp to a paltry total of 211 all out in the first Champions Trophy semi-final on Wednesday.
Pakistan bowled and fielded tightly to restrict the sluggish hosts who failed to master a lifeless wicket and collapsed from 128 for two in bright and sunny conditions which normally favour batsmen.
Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed won the toss and England openers Alex Hales and Jonny Bairstow, replacing the out-of-form Jason Roy, made a solid start.
Hitting boundaries proved difficult, however, and a frustrated Hales, on 13, spooned Rumman Raees to cover with a loose drive.
Bairstow, dropped twice, accumulated 43 runs through good shot placement and quick running between the wickets before he pulled seamer Hasan Ali to Mohammad Hafeez at deep square leg.
Joe Root and Eoin Morgan continued to score at about five runs an over against accurate Pakistan bowling and tight fielding.
But Root, on 46, nicked leg-spinner Shadab Khan to wicketkeeper Sarfraz and Morgan (33) aimed an expansive drive at the lively Hasan and gave Sarfraz another catch to leave England in trouble at 141 for four.
Jos Buttler (4) lasted seven balls before edging Junaid Khan to Sarfraz and Moeen Ali (11) was brilliantly caught by a diving Fakhar Zaman running round the mid-wicket boundary.
Adil Rashid was run out for seven trying to pinch a quick single and Ben Stokes, one of the most destructive batsmen in the world, took 30 deliveries to reach 10 and failed to hit a boundary in a scratchy 34 before skying Hasan to Hafeez.
Liam Plunkett made nine and England's misery was completed when Sarfraz ran out Mark Wood for three with one ball of the innings remaining.
Defending champions India play Bangladesh in the second semi-final in Birmingham on Thursday.
(Editing by Neville Dalton)
Five men have been arrested as authorities in Middlesex County continue their effort to stop human trafficking in the area, officials said.
A reverse sting operation was conducted at a hotel local to Burlington Friday night, targeting potential customers for prostitution, according to a news release from Burlington Police Chief Michael R. Kent.
The sting included the Burlington police detective unit, officers from the Middlesex Sheriff's Office and the New England Electronic Crimes Task Force.
Those arrested were George Arkalis, 20, of Burlington; Naren Koya, 28, of Burlington; Christopher O'Connell, 33, of Wilmington; Paul Zagami, 53, of Bedford; and Dana Cangiamila, 50, of Billerica.
"Similar to operations conducted in the past, these investigations are done in an effort to stop human trafficking and disrupt the relentless cycle of harm caused by the sex trade," the news release read.
In the last six years, Burlington police have arrested more than 46 people in similar operations, Kent said.
All five men are being charged with sexual conduct for a fee. They are expected to be arraigned Monday in Woburn District Court.
Cangiamila was also charged with possession of a Class B substance and had a warrant out of Haverhill District Court for motor vehicle offenses.
The Lagos State Government on Monday outlined plans to transform the blighted areas of Oworonshoki Waterfront into one of the biggest transportation, tourism and entertainment hubs in Nigeria.
Commissioner for Waterfront Infrastructure Development, Engr. Ade Akinsanya in a statement, said that the project will improve the aesthetics and security of the environment, while attracting investments in water transportation and boosting socio-economic activities in the axis, with the provision of shopping malls and related infrastructures.
According to the Commissioner, the proposed entertainment and mega ferry terminal site, already under reclamation, would divert a lot of human and vehicular traffic gridlocks away from the Lagos Island and take advantage of the central location and accessibility of the proposed Oworonshoki terminal to the Apapa Port, Ikeja Airport and other parts of the State.
“Youths and residents will enjoy quality sports, recreational, entertainment and emergency response facilities at the terminal.
“Commuters transiting through the terminal will not only enjoy state-of the arts infrastructure, they will also be able to park and ride and park and cruise from the state-of-the-art jetty, thus reducing the carbon emission level and travel time within the city,” Akinsanya said.
He expressed optimism that the reclaimed 29.6 hectares site of the project, which would involve revetment work to protect the jetty area, would also eliminate illegal dredging activities in the area.
Explaining that the project will be in three phases, Akinsanya said that it was also part of efforts by the State Government to revitalise and augment inter-modal system of water, rail and road transportation and housing development, just as he revealed that the Epe, Badagry and Mile 2 waterfronts have also been earmarked in the Master Plan for similar regeneration.
He said that Phase One, which is the ongoing reclamation of the 29.5 hectares of the project site by Messrs Fountain Construction Company (FCC), would be completed by November 2017.
The Commissioner further said,“Consolidation and settlement of the reclaimed land for six to nine months, will be followed by Phase Two, which will involve provision of shoreline protection and reconstruction of 2.8km Ariyo Street as an alternative road, that will run under the 3rd Mainland Bridge along with other infrastructures within nine months and to be completed by June 2018".
"The third Phase which will be both State financed and Public-Private Sector (PPP) financed, will involve the construction of the Mega Jetty and Bus Terminal, complete with entertainment and Tourism facilities (Multiple Boutique, Hotels, Museums/Art Galleries, Sport and recreational facilities as well as a 1000 capacity car park, based on the design master plan of the area"
Akinsanya said that on completion, Lagosians would be able to embark on travel from Oworonshoki either via water using the Jetty Terminal or via Ultra-Modern Buses departing from the New Bus Terminal.
Gandelina Damião, 78, is permanently hunched, carrying her sorrow. She lost three children to heroin in the 1990s.
A quarter century ago, her cobblestone lane, up a grassy hill from Lisbon's Tagus River, was littered with syringes. She recalls having to search for her teenagers in graffitied stone buildings nearby, where they would shoot up.
"It was a huge blow," Damião says, pointing to framed photos on her wall of Paulo, Miguel and Liliana. "I was a good mother. I never gave them money for drugs. But I couldn't save them."
For much of the 20th century, Portugal was a closed, Catholic society, with a military dictator and no drug education. In the early 1970s, young Portuguese men were drafted to fight wars in the country's African colonies, where many were exposed to drugs for the first time. Some came home addicted.
In 1974, there was a revolution — and an explosion of freedom.
"It was a little bit like the Americans in Vietnam. Whiskey was cheaper than water, and cannabis was easy to access. So people came home from war with some [drug] habits," says João Goulão, Portugal's drug czar. "Suddenly everything was different [after the revolution]. Freedom! And drugs were something that came with that freedom. But we were completely naive."
By the 1990s, 1 percent of Portugal's population was hooked on heroin. It was one of the worst drug epidemics in the world, and it prompted Portugal's government to take a novel approach: It decriminalized all drugs. Starting in 2001, possession or use of any drug — even heroin — has been treated as a health issue, not a crime.
Goulão, who had worked as a family physician in his 20s, at the height of the crisis, says there was very little opposition to the policy change.
"Every family had its own drug addict. It was so, so present in everyday life, that it turned public opinion," Goulão says. "We are dealing with a chronic relapsing disease, and this is a disease like any other. I do not put a diabetic in jail, for instance."
Under the 2001 decriminalization law, authored by Goulão, drug dealers are still sent to prison. But anyone caught with less than a 10-day supply of any drug — including heroin — gets mandatory medical treatment. No judge, no courtroom, no jail.
Instead they end up in a sparsely furnished, discreet, unmarked office in downtown Lisbon, for counselling with government sociologists, who decide whether to refer them to drug treatment centers.
"It's cheaper to treat people than to incarcerate them," says sociologist Nuno Cabaz. "If I come across someone who wants my help, I'm in a much better position to provide it than a judge would ever be. Simple as that."
Cabaz's team of 10 counselors handles all of Lisbon's roughly 2,500 drug cases a year. It may sound like a lot, but it's actually a 75 percent drop from the 1990s. Portugal's drug-induced death rate has plummeted to five times lower than the European Union average.
Along a row of abandoned buildings in northern Lisbon, field psychologists took NPR to meet some of Portugal's remaining drug users. The hillside is littered with needles, and bursting with wildflowers. The sky rumbles with airliners landing at the international airport nearby.
There's a philosophy book on a cement stoop next to a middle-aged man who's smoking crack cocaine. He gives his name as Rui, and says the stigma against addicts has eased since decriminalization.
"Now, not so much. It's less, because the methadone is coming, and people are treating this problem," he says. "They see the drugs with another perspective."
Every day, a government van pulls up and gives him a dose of methadone, an opioid that helps wean people off of heroin. It's a step toward harm-reduction. He still does cocaine, but no longer shoots up.
Drug-related HIV infections in Portugal have dropped 95 percent.
Drug workers hand out packets with clean needles and condoms, and listen to another addict, Antonio, describe his anxiety.
"If the drugs hurt too much my body, I escape a little, and then I come back again," he says. "But it's a world I cannot escape! If I turn there, it's there — it's everywhere. I cannot escape."
For every person in Portugal who cannot escape addiction, there's daily methadone, counseling and free treatment. A generation ago, these addicts were put in jail. Now they're on the street.
But polls show the Portuguese — having lived through the ravages of a heroin epidemic — overwhelmingly support this policy.
The Nigerian Army says the Northeast has been freed from the chains of the dreaded Boko Haram insurgents.
Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, said this on Friday at a skills acquisition training graduation ceremony involving 150 youths.
At the event organised by the Nigerian Air Force Officers' Wives Association (NAFOWA), he said the success was due to the recent air and ground bombardment of Boko Haram stronghold.
"We are not aware of any national security issue (in the North-East). What I am aware of is that we have done substantially well in stabilising and securing the North-East,” Abubakar said.
"Looking at Maiduguri itself, you will never believe that there was any security challenge there. This is so because there is no security challenge.”
Speaking further, Abubakar said “What we are just doing is to mop up what is still remaining (insurgents). We are doing substantially well and making substantial progress.
"We had the Operation Ruwan Wuta a ten day bombardment day/and night operation that substantially reduced suicide bombings and eliminated organised attacks (by insurgents).
4 'Classic' WWE Matches that are overrated
Classic WWE matches that weren't as good as you remember.
Aaron H CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 19:30 IST 907 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
(Image via WWE)
Typically in sports, fans and players alike tend to glorify the past as being much better than the present, but no organization glorifies the past quite like WWE does.
If you're a wrestling fan, there must have been times when you revisit the past and see things in their proper context, you'll learn that the great thing you remember isn't quite as great as you thought it was.
I would like to preface this list by saying that just because these matches aren't as good as people remember them being doesn't mean that they're bad matches, it just means that they've been overrated throughout the years.
So, let's get started!
#4 Triple H vs The Undertaker (WrestleMania 28)
(Image via WWE)
This was the second of Triple H's back-to-back WrestleMania matches with The Undertaker, and in my opinion, it wasn't as good as the first one, nor was it as good as Taker's two previous matches with Shawn Michaels.
The match, which featured the aforementioned Michaels as the special guest referee, took place inside Hell in a Cell, and it was pretty much a handicap match. In fact, the most memorable spot from the match was when Michaels hit Taker with a Super-Kick, which was followed up by Triple H hitting a Pedigree.
Also, the match was far too slow and plotting for my liking. Sure, Triple H's matches are usually pretty slow-paced, and with both men being north of 40 in this match, I didn't expect a barn-burner.
However, aside from the constant double-teaming, there was a spot in the match where Triple H hit Undertaker with a chair, yelled at him to stay down, and then hit him again, and again, and again, all while yelling in between chair shots, and it went on for far too long.
The ending sequence when Triple H, Undertaker, and Shawn Michaels hugging on the ramp was great, but aside from that, there really wasn't anything too special about this match, especially when you compare it to some of the other WrestleMania classics that both men have been involved in.
Your workday host is a longtime Seattle Radio Midday Air-Personality. Shellie grew up in Burien and now lives in West Seattle. She's the on-court Entertainment Emcee for our 2X WNBA Championship Team SEATTLE STORM. Shellie is also committed to Children's Hospital with weekly participation in their CHILD LIFE Program, dedicating over 100 hours of volunteer time annually. People ask all the time, “What's your favorite part of the job?”, and my response is YOU! Sure I get to meet all kinds of famous people, but it's engaging with the people and their Northwest families that makes me happy”
By Johanna Decorse and Emmanuel Jarry TOULOUSE /PARIS (Reuters) – Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon drew tens of thousands to a rally on Sunday, aiming to maintain momentum that has pushed the one-time outsider into contention in the French presidential election, with the first round of voting a week away. euronews-en 4:55:00 AM CEST
A A
SEATTLE — Amazon.com's Alexa artificial-intelligence software could generate $10 billion worth of business a year for the company, stemming from device sales and voice orders from Amazon's site.
Analysts with RBC Capital Markets tried to gauge Alexa's financial impact. It's a daunting endeavor given that it is the “very early days” for the software, the analysts wrote in a note distributed Friday.
Nevertheless, their projections show that by 2020 the sale of products that incorporate Alexa — the Echo line of devices, for example — could reach $5 billion a year.
Increased shopping on Amazon's site via voice commands through Alexa could mean another $5 billion in the pocket for the e-commerce giant. Alexa could become 5 percent of Amazon's business within three to five years, the RBC analysts estimated.
There could be another revenue stream coming from the proliferation of “skills,” as Alexa apps are known. So far they're free — but that could change. And another potential source of cash comes from more enterprises creating Alexa skills and then adopting Amazon's cloud computing services, the machine that powers Alexa.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — A woman's son allegedly choked his mother's ex-boyfriend to death Monday after spotting the man beating her inside their New York City apartment, police said.
The 43-year-old ex-boyfriend showed up at the University Avenue unit in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. to talk to the mother, police told WPIX. The two argued in the hallway, then he followed her into the apartment.
The man, who police didn't immediately identify Monday, then began beating the 37-year-old woman, officers said. Her 18-year-old son heard what was happening and rushed out of his bedroom.
The teen allegedly fought with his mom's ex-boyfriend, pulling him off of his mother before choking the man to death, police said.
Police sources said the mother, who had briefly passed out, woke up to the sight of her son standing over her ex-boyfriend.
The dead man has 26 prior arrests, two for domestic violence against the teenager's mother, sources told WPIX.
Police took the teen into custody. No charges have been filed as of Monday evening.
Dec. 8
Jimmy Wayne Garrett & Liberty Bell — 8 p.m., Black Apple Crossing, Springdale.
Brick Fields — Chelsea's Corner Cafe, Eureka Springs.
Mark Currey — 7 p.m., Core Public House, Springdale.
Melodie Rooker — 7:30 p.m., Dickson Street Pub, Fayetteville.
Aaron Kamm and the One Drops — 9:30 p.m., with Vintage Pistol. George's Majestic Lounge, Fayetteville. $7.
Keith Nicholson — 8 p.m., Levi's Gastrolounge, Rogers.
The Odds — Mojo's Pints & Pies, Fayetteville.
Derek Smith — 8 p.m. standup comedy. Nomads Music Lounge, Fayetteville.
The Toos — with Lost John, and Basement Brew. Smoke & Barrel Tavern, Fayetteville.
A Rozenbridge Christmas — 7 p.m., Two25 Gallery, Bentonville.
Dec. 9
Annie Moses Band — 8 p.m., Alma Performing Arts Center, Alma. $20-$35.
Mömandpöp — 1 p.m. for Santa in the Park. Basin Spring Park, Eureka Springs.
Old Dime Box — 6 p.m., Bear's Place, Fayetteville.
Derek Smith — 8 p.m. standup comedy. Black Apple Crossing, Springdale.
Earl and Them — Chelsea's Corner Cafe, Eureka Springs.
Fred Wickham — 7:30 p.m., Dickson Street Pub, Fayetteville.
Opal Agafia & the Sweet Nothings — 9 p.m., with Chucky Waggs and, Kay Brothers. George's Majestic Lounge, Fayetteville. $7.
Dr. Nola & Soul Shakers — 8 p.m., Levi's Gastrolounge, Rogers.
Jimmy Wayne & Liberty Bell — Mojo's Pints & Pies, Fayetteville.
A Techno Story — 9 p.m. Nomads Music Lounge, Fayetteville.
Melody Pond — 8 p.m., The Odd Soul, Springdale.
Pinetop Renegades — 7 p.m., Rowdy Beaver on W. Van Buren, Eureka Springs.
Blew Reed & the Flatheads — 8 p.m.; Tightrope at noon. Rowdy Beaver Den, Eureka Springs.
Roby Pantall Jazz Duo — Ruth Chris Lounge, Rogers.
Holiday concert — 2:30 p.m., Shiloh Museum, Springdale.
A Woodland Christmas — 7 p.m., Two25 Gallery, Bentonville.
Warren's Rec Room Christmas Party — 7 p.m. with Oreo Blue. Warren's Rec Room, Alma.
Dec. 10
David Phelps — 7 p.m. Christmas concert. Bentonville First Baptist Church, Bentonville. $15.
Blue Dream Blue — Chelsea's Corner Cafe, Eureka Springs.
Harmonia Winter Concert — 7 p.m., Good Shepherd Lutheran Church, Fayetteville. $10.
Sacred Harp Singers — 1:30 p.m., Shiloh Museum, Springdale.
She's Us — 1 p.m., Terra Studios, Durham.
Danú — 7 p.m., “A Christmas Gathering.” Walton Arts Center, Fayetteville. $18-$30.
Dec. 12
Brett & Terri — 5 p.m., JJ's Grill, Bella Vista.
Tony Alvarez — JJ's Grill, Dickson Street.
Lazy Daisy — 6 p.m., JJ's Grill, Fayetteville.
Jason Campbell — 6 p.m., JJ's Grill, Fort Smith.
Jeff Fox — 6 p.m., JJ's Grill, Rogers.
Jed Clampit — 7 p.m., Pesto Cafe, Fayetteville.
Jazz Jam — with Jake Hertzog Trio, Stage Eighteen, Fayetteville. $5-$10.
LeAnn Rimes — 7 p.m., “Today is Christmas.” Walton Arts Center, Fayetteville. $45-$75.
Dec. 13
James Henry — 5 p.m., JJ's Grill, Bella Vista.
Jon Dooly — JJ's Grill, Dickson Street.
Jeff Fox — 6 p.m., JJ's Grill, Fayetteville.
Brett & Terri — 6 p.m., JJ's Grill, Fort Smith.
Jocko — 6 p.m., JJ's Grill, Rogers.
Matt Smith — Mojo's Pints & Pies, Fayetteville.
Robert Earl Keen — 7 p.m., “Fam-O-Lee Back To The Country Jamboree,” with The Quebe Sisters. Walton Arts Center, Fayetteville. $25-$55.
Dec. 14
Dominic Bryan Roy — 7:30 p.m., Dickson Street Pub, Fayetteville.
Flatland Cavalry — 8:30 p.m. with John Baumann. George's Majestic Lounge, Fayetteville. $10.
Pat Ryan Key — Mojo's Pints & Pies, Fayetteville.
Jonathan Story — 7 p.m., “Home for the Holidays,” with Kara Story and the UA Children's Choir. Walton Arts Center, Fayetteville. $25-$30.
Please send info about your upcoming concerts and events to Jocelyn.
— Jocelyn Murphy
jmurphy@nwadg.com
The 30-something-foot tree in downtown New Hamburg regularly used for the Christmas “Tree of Light” event has been cut down and taken away.
Its replacement, if all goes according to schedule, is to be planted on Tuesday, Oct. 10.
“It was time for a change,” said Reta Klaassen of the New Hamburg Lioness Club and a Tree of Light committee member. “The old tree was dying, pretty much half-dead, and never properly maintained. The town needed something new.”
This December will be the 34th year for the Tree of Light, when New Hamburg gathers at the corner of Peel and Huron Streets, where the old tree located outside the post office — beside the Centennial Fountain — was decked with Christmas lights sponsored by Wilmot people, groups or businesses.
Cardinal Newman Shuts Out Heathwood Hall
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO) – Cardinal Newman and Heathwood Hall both struggle this season. Cardinal Newman shut out Heathwood Hall tonight at home 30-0. Heathwood Hall now falls to 1-7 this season, and Cardinal Newman is 3-5.
Brighton v Man City
Brighton takes on Man City on Saturday 12th August, 2017, with kickoff at 17:30. This match is currently being shown LIVE on BT Sports.
New money meets new money, although for Brighton the cash only went as far as a new stadium, not five million fullbacks and the majority of the Brazil youth team. That is obviously an exaggeration, and City may be done for the summer unless Danny Rose is actually available, but the gap in finances between these two is still considerable.
If City lose it will be a big deal, but if they don't people will say Brighton are fine, and shouldn't be judged, regardless of the scoreline. It's tough at the top.
Brighton v Man City is LIVE on BT Sports.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L.—A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches. The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
A beached whale in Nameless Cove, N.L. that's been washed ashore since last fall is shown in a handout photo. A tiny Newfoundland village is trying to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches. ( Hank Diamond / supplied photo )
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday. “You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.” Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that he estimates to be 25-30 feet.
Article Continued Below
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.” Read more: Fleet of planes to make daily flights over the Atlantic to keep eye on endangered right whales The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard. The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility. In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and “the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Article Continued Below
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site. But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore. Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility. “It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said. So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help. “If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
EL CENTRO – The El Centro Police and Fire Dispatch Center received multiple 911 calls reporting a residence on fire on the 800 block of Olive Avenue late Friday evening, according to a news release from the El Centro Fire Department.
The first El Centro Fire Department Engine company arrived on scene at 9:43 p.m., three minutes after the initial 911 call, and found a residence with heavy smoke coming from the attic, creating a Second Alarm incident. Requests were made for an additional engine company from Imperial County Fire Department, according to the news release.
El Centro Firefighters performed an offensive fire attack at the house on Olive Avenue, according to reports. A Battalion Chief and three Fire Engines from El Centro, along with a fire engine from Imperial County extinguished the fire. Vertical ventilation using a chainsaw was accomplished to assist the firefighters. Flames were contained primarily to the attic with light smoke damage throughout the residence, reports said.
Fire crews remained on scene battling the blaze until about midnight, said the release. Over a dozen firefighters brought the fire under control. Although the residents were home at the time of the fire, all reportedly escaped uninjured. No injuries to civilians or firefighters were reported. The Imperial Irrigation District, Southern California Gas and Electric, and the El Centro Police Department assisted throughout the incident. El Centro Fire Department investigators are currently working to determine the cause of the blaze.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Bristol's best-known vintage clothing shops is opening a flagship store in the city centre, in a move which it hopes will transform its surrounding area.
Sobey's Vintage Clothing is opening a new store inside The Arcade, in Broadmead, to improve the choice of independent and vintage shops available in the area.
The company sells a wide range of vintage and preloved clothing and its first Bristol shop on Park Street is very popular with students.
It also has stores in Cardiff and Exeter, but its founders hope to make the new store its biggest and best yet.
Sobeys founder Andy Evans said the Arcade was a 'fabulous' spot and he couldn't wait to be up and running.
"There aren't enough vintage stores currently in the centre of town and we wanted to change that," he said.
"The Arcade offers a beautiful setting whilst being surrounded by other independent stores."
Andy also said the new store would look similar to the Park Street shop in terms of appearance as he tried to keep the look and feel of each Sobey's store the same.
"We have a beautiful gold painted fairground horse in each of our stores' windows and one is currently being made now for The Arcade," he added.
"My partner Katie and I look around for props for each of the shops, we go to vintage markets, keep an eye out on eBay and have a few secret places where we find things such as plates for the walls, pianos, light fittings, paintings, pictures, mirrors and sofas."
Sobey's at The Arcade will open in around four weeks' time.
A team of physicists from around the world have created a fluid they claim has negative mass.
This strange matter has peculiar properties: when it is pushed, it moves in the opposite direction. In other words, pushing the fluid away only brings it closer. Newton's second law states that the acceleration of an object is dependent upon the net force acting upon the object and the mass of the object. So if you have negative acceleration from an applied positive force, you must surely have negative mass, right? Quite a neat trick.
Negative mass is, of course, a hypothetical idea in physics used to explain concepts in special relativity, quantum mechanics and even wormholes. Essentially, mass can be treated just like any other variable property, such as electrical charge, that can be negative and positive.
“Newton's laws dictate that objects accelerate in proportion to the applied force. An object's mass is generally positive, and the acceleration is thus in the same direction as the force. In some systems, however, one finds that objects can accelerate against the applied force, realizing a negative effective mass,” the researchers explained in a paper published this month in Physical Review Letters (available here for free on Arxiv). The scientists involved hail from Washington State University and the University of Washington in the US, the OIST Graduate University, Onna, in Japan, and Shanghai University in China.
To observe an effective negative mass, the gang cooled 100,000 rubidium atoms close to absolute zero using a laser trap: during the cooling process, hot energetic particles escape the trap, further cooling the system overall. The laser trap also holds the atoms in place to stop them flying away.
At these extreme temperatures, the atoms are squished into their lowest quantum state to form a Bose-Einstein condensate. The atoms behave like a superfluid with zero viscosity, and they flow without losing energy. This state is crucial for the next part.
A second set of lasers kicks the ultra-cool rubidium back and forth to change the way the particles spin. This ultimately makes the superfluid accelerate in the opposite direction it is being pushed, we're told.
“Once you push, it accelerates backwards,” said Michael Forbes, coauthor of the paper and assistant professor of physics at Washington State University. “It looks like the rubidium hits an invisible wall.”
The weird phenomenon isn't just a nifty trick, though: it could provide a way for researchers to model and study particularly hazardous environments that involve negative mass – such as what happens within neutron stars.
"I'm particularly interested in neutron stars," Forbes said. "Gravity compresses protons and electrons together to create neutrons. And you don't want to get close to them – the gravity will rip you apart." ®
