Why it matters to you Norton Point has a pair of sunglasses that will appeal to the environmental conservatist in you -- not only are they made of recycled sea plastic, but the company behind them is also dedicated to cleaning the oceans.
Ocean plastic never looked as good as it does on your face. Thanks to Norton Point, the recyclable trash found in the sea is being turned into glasses that help you see a bit better in the sun. The Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts-based company is the first to develop a line of eyewear made from recovered high-density polyethylene (HDPE) ocean plastics. The result? Shades that'll make you feel as good as you look.
“We believe that the 8 million metric tons of plastic flowing into our oceans is one of our planet's greatest environmental challenges, and we have chosen to become part of the solution,” the company said in its Kickstarter campaign, which ultimately raised an impressive $55,367 from 509 backers. But Norton Point wants to do more than just rid the oceans of this plastic — rather, it wants to repurpose it in the name of fashion.
More: Skelmet scans your face to 3D-print feather-light sunglasses with the perfect fit
The sunglasses themselves are chic, well-designed pieces for both men and women that would certainly complement just about any style or aesthetic. But when you buy a pair of sunglasses from Norton Point, you're doing a lot more than making a purchase – you're helping fulfill a promise. “For every product, we sell we are committing to you to clean up 1 pound of plastic from the ocean,” Norton Point said. “We have also chosen to give back 5 percent of net profits to global cleanup, education, and remediation practices,” specifically to organizations like the Ocean Conservancy.
“As a company, our mission is to help create a value chain for the reuse of ocean plastic,” the company noted on Kickstarter. Without a sustainable solution to reducing the tons of plastic that enter our planet's bodies of water every year, the ocean could contain one pound of plastic for every three pounds of fish by 2025. But not if Norton Point has anything to say about it.
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Federal officials knew a disgruntled ex-government worker might try to harm people at his former Manhattan office before he shot dead a security guard there, the victim's widow claims in a lawsuit.
Kevin Downing was angry about his 1999 termination from the Department of Labor and was a “well-known danger” to staffers at the department's 201 Varick St. ­offices long before he killed ­Idrissa Camara on Aug. 21, 2015, according to the Manhattan federal suit filed by Ayana Simmons.
“This was a situation where the US government fell down on the job,” said Simmons' lawyer, ­Andrew Celli.
A department spokesperson declined to comment.
Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook 0) reacts after loosing the ball as Utah Jazz's Royce O'Neale, left, Donovan Mitchell
Video
Harry Eddom was the only man to survive the triple trawler tragedy.
He escaped from the Ross Cleveland by raft, making it to the refuge an abandoned Icelandic farmhouse.
Two colleagues who also made it on to the raft did not survive.
The Los Angeles Angels have found a home away from home wherever they have travelled this season and it was no different against the Houston Astros on Monday.
A 2-0 win over reigning MLB World Series champions the Astros saw the Angels improve to 10-1 on the road this season.
Tyler Skaggs started for the Angels, improving to 3-1 for the season, by tossing seven shut-out innings with three strikeouts.
Kole Calhoun and Justin Upton drove in the Angels' two runs, while Mike Trout and Luis Valbuena scored.
Keynan Middleton then came on in the ninth inning to record his sixth save of the season.
Gerrit Cole (2-1) dropped his first game as an Astro, but still had a successful evening, allowing just two runs in seven innings with eight strikeouts.
The win helped the Angels move within a half a game of the Astros in the American League (AL) West.
BIG-HITTING STANTON SPARKS YANKEES
Giancarlo Stanton and Miguel Andujar helped lead the New York Yankees to a 14-1 rout of the Minnesota Twins. Stanton went four for four with three runs scored, a home run (five) and two RBIs. Rookie Andujar went two for five while collecting his third home run of the season. Andujar now has an extra-base hit in seven straight games, tying Mickey Mantle and Joe DiMaggio for most in a season as a Yankee before turning 24 years old.
Chicago White Sox slugger Jose Abreu collected four hits with two home runs (six) and three RBIs in a 10-4 win against the Seattle Mariners. Chicago rookie Yoan Moncada added three hits, three runs scored and a solo home run.
ALBIES CRUMBLES IN BRAVES LOSS
Atlanta Braves rookie Ozzie Albies has been a breath of fresh air this season, but went 0 for four in a 10-4 loss to the struggling Cincinnati Reds. Despite the tough game, Albies is still batting .289 this season.
GAUSMAN THWARTS INDIANS
Baltimore Orioles starter Kevin Gausman strikes out the side on nine pitches. Gausman allowed just two runs in eight innings with seven strikeouts, but was outduelled by Cleveland Indians starter Carlos Carrasco, who improved to 4-0 in the 2-1 win.
MONDAY'S RESULTS
Cincinnati Reds 10-4 Atlanta Braves
New York Yankees 14-1 Minnesota Twins
Oakland Athletics 9-4 Texas Rangers
Cleveland Indians 2-1 Baltimore Orioles
Los Angeles Angels 2-0 Houston Astros
Chicago White Sox 10-4 Seattle Mariners
San Diego Padres 13-5 Colorado Rockies
Los Angeles Dodgers 2-1 Miami Marlins
San Francisco Giants 4-2 Washington Nationals
CUBS AT INDIANS
A possible World Series preview on paper, both teams have struggled to start the season. The Chicago Cubs' starting pitchers have underachieved, and they have been stagnant on offense. But Anthony Rizzo is now healthy and Javier Baez is seeing the ball better than ever. Cleveland has an elite rotation capable of carrying them through offensive slumps.
Sinaico Ltd appoints Nonye Ojiaka as executive director
Sinai Collateral Ltd, a member of JKPEEZ Group, has announced the appointment of Ms Nonye Ojiaka as its Executive Director.
Prior to her elevation at the weekend, Ms Ojiaka led change management at the company where she was responsible for developing strategies for the smooth implementation of its Transformation Initiatives and Marketing/Business Development of the products across the country.
Founder and Chairman of Sinai Collateral Ltd (SINAICO), Chief Peter Ojiaka, who broke the news said, “after a rigorous search and selection process by the Board of Directors, we are pleased to announce Nonye Ojiaka's appointment and to welcome her on board SINAICO.”
According to him, the appointee “brings a valuable blend of experience to the organisation and we are pleased having her on board as we hope to see her forge ahead towards the attainment of our goals.”
Two years ago, SINAICO blazed the trail when it partnered with Ardent World Inc. (AWI) based in the Philippines, which is a fast-rising name in the skincare and beauty industry. AWI is part of a group of companies engaged in personal care services and retail vanity products all over the world.
Reacting to her appointment, Ms Ojiaka said, “these are exciting times for SINAICO and I am very delighted to join the board in this role. Our philosophy is to develop reasonably priced, premium quality products you can see and feel the results.
“We specialise in beauty and natural products, which is our Moringa line of products, that helps in skin repair and rejuvenation.”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, his duet partner on his current single “Craving You.”
CHICAGO (AP) Milwaukee Brewers first baseman Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games.
The former Korean baseball star hit a solo shot off Chicago Cubs right-hander John Lackey in the third inning Monday night. Thames' streak ties him with Jeromy Burnitz in August 1997 for the franchise mark.
Thames has seven homers in 14 games this year and six over his past five games.
”Stuff like that just happens,” Thames said after homering Sunday against Cincinnati. ”You can't control it. When I hit it, I was like, `Did I just hit another one? Oh, man. OK.”'
The 30-year-old returned to the majors this season after hitting 124 homers over three years in the Korean major leagues.
Thames has gotten a hit in all 11 of his starts and has a 10-game hitting streak with Milwaukee.
Prior to this year, Thames last played in the majors in 2012 with Seattle and Toronto.
The record for consecutive games with a homer is eight, achieved by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
!DualHead second release reviewed Posted by Mark Stephens on 07:11, 6/10/2017 | Reviews, Software
There is more polish in this release with some clearer messages. The software is very smart in making sure that you do not end up with no display. There is no dedicated installer application but the software is extremely easy to update - you copy !Boot over your existing copy and copy the !DualHead software onto your disk, and reboot/run . There is also a !RevertMode application installed in !Boot which will restore sanity with a click of Alt and Home.
As you can see there are some higher resolution modes now available. 2048 x 1440 x 2 is an amazing screen, but I was unable to run this in 16 million colours without a lot of flickering (although for most tasks 32k/64K is indistinguishable). R-Comp acknowledges this in the documentation and is probably pushing the Titanium/RISC OS beyond its limits.
I do think that the documentation could be improved. There is a version 1 PDF document hidden away (which is confusing on a v2 release) and a proper rewrite and release history in the !ReadMe would be nice.
Some advice on how best to use and setup the 2 monitors for RISC OS would also be welcome - my biggest issue after testing the new release was necked ache from playing 'head ping-pong' by switching my view between the 2 monitors all the time due to the Icon Bar now being across both screens.
I am really pleased to see R-Comp produce a second release (I prefer to keep the version 2 tag for major feature updates). R-Comp is leading RISC OS into new territory with this software and I think it really benefits from small, regular incremental releases driven by user and developer feedback. I am really looking forward to talking to R-Comp at the
My killer feature for the version 2 release would be to fix the issue with the popups appearing in the middle of the screen. What is yours?
In our previous review we looked at release 1 of !DualHead. R-Comp have already released an update so we will dive in and see what has changed...There is more polish in this release with some clearer messages. The software is very smart in making sure that you do not end up with no display. There is no dedicated installer application but the software is extremely easy to update - you copy !Boot over your existing copy and copy the !DualHead software onto your disk, and reboot/run . There is also a !RevertMode application installed in !Boot which will restore sanity with a click of Alt and Home.As you can see there are some higher resolution modes now available. 2048 x 1440 x 2 is an amazing screen, but I was unable to run this in 16 million colours without a lot of flickering (although for most tasks 32k/64K is indistinguishable). R-Comp acknowledges this in the documentation and is probably pushing the Titanium/RISC OS beyond its limits.I do think that the documentation could be improved. There is a version 1 PDF document hidden away (which is confusing on a v2 release) and a proper rewrite and release history in the !ReadMe would be nice.Some advice on how best to use and setup the 2 monitors for RISC OS would also be welcome - my biggest issue after testing the new release was necked ache from playing 'head ping-pong' by switching my view between the 2 monitors all the time due to the Icon Bar now being across both screens.I am really pleased to see R-Comp produce a second release (I prefer to keep the version 2 tag for major feature updates). R-Comp is leading RISC OS into new territory with this software and I think it really benefits from small, regular incremental releases driven by user and developer feedback. I am really looking forward to talking to R-Comp at the London show about their plans for the software.My killer feature for the version 2 release would be to fix the issue with the popups appearing in the middle of the screen. What is yours? Log in to comment on this article
The New Yorker cartoonist Roz Chast, famous for her neurotic characters, grew up in Flatbush. “I think real estate agents call it Kensington now,” she says. She and her husband called the Upper West Side home for about a decade in the 1970s and '80s — returning to Brooklyn briefly before moving to a “pretty, leafy suburb” with their 3-year-old son and a daughter on the way. When that daughter grew up and headed to college in NYC, Mom thought the kid might need a city primer. Thus was born “Nina's Basic N.Y.C. Book: Focusing on the Borough of Manhattan.” Now, Chast has expanded on the idea for a full-fledged new book, “Going Into Town: A Love Letter to New York” (Bloomsbury), and tells BILLY HELLER what delights her about New York City.
I love going in and out of stores. M&J Trimming, in Midtown, has lots of ribbons, tassels and trimmings. I got a patch with a bird there.
And there is a Japanese bookstore, Kinokuniya, across from Bryant Park, that sells stationery supplies and pens on the lower floor. All pens, pens of any type. There's a brand of pen that comes in eight different kinds of green.
Bergdorf's is incredibly expensive and I can't afford anything, but I like to look.
Every neighborhood in New York has its own personality. My favorite is the Upper West Side. It's slickened up a bit since I lived there. But Utopia Diner is still there. The people in the neighborhood go there and it's reasonably priced.
There was also that weird typewriter store [the now-closed Osner Business Machines]. I always looked in the window. And Tip-Top Shoes is still there — where ladies like me can find nice-looking shoes that you can still afford.
When I was growing up, we'd take the subway into the city, about 15 stops. It was a real adventure.
And a special night out with my husband was going to the old Russian Tea Room. The blinis were wonderful.
New York is the best place in the world.
Image copyright Hampshire Constabulary Image caption Nadine Burden was found with seven stab wounds at her home in Fratton
A woman murdered a drug addict by stabbing her seven times over a £100 unpaid debt, a court has heard.
Nadine Burden, 36, was found by a housemate at their home in Toronto Road, Portsmouth, on 28 January.
Victoria Arthur, 44, of Milton Road, Portsmouth, who uses a wheelchair, admits carrying out the attack but denies murder.
Ms Burden repeatedly failed to repay the debt to the partner of Ms Arthur, Salisbury Crown Court was told.
Kerry Marlin, prosecuting, said the defendant, armed herself with a knife and used her wheelchair to travel to Ms Burden's home, arriving shortly after 23:00 GMT.
A neighbour in Toronto Road heard a voice saying: "You're gonna have it" and another voice screaming, and shouting: "Please stop."
Another neighbour saw a person collect a wheelchair and crutch before leaving the address.
'Bad things'
A housemate returned home at 23:45 to find Ms Burden with stab wounds to her face, neck and upper body.
She was later pronounced dead at the scene.
Ms Burden had been repeatedly threatened over the debt in the days leading up to the attack, the court heard.
In one voice message played in court, Ms Arthur told Ms Burden "bad things" would happen if she did not repay the debt.
The victim had repeatedly broken promises over the repayment, the jury heard.
Shortly before her death, she sent a text to Ms Arthur's partner saying: "Regardless of what you say I don't owe you anything."
Ms Maylin said the jury would later be asked to decide whether the attack was self-defence, a loss of self-control or pre-meditated murder.
She said Ms Arthur was dependent on alcohol and drugs, but these did not diminish her responsibility for the crime.
The trial continues.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Rodent prognosticator Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow this morning portending six more weeks of winter. This prediction comes on the heels of one of the coldest winters in recent memory. Is there anyone you know in the eastern half of the country not lamenting about the cold? I don't think I've started a conversation in the last two months with anything other than a litany of woes related to the arctic cold that has gripped so much of the nation. If my dog could talk he'd have had plenty to complain about too, as I couldn't muster the nerve the take him out for his usual long walks when the days began at frigid temperatures.
And while, yes, it's been unusually cold for a protracted amount of time, I have to wonder why I'm always so shocked when — gasp! — it's cold in the wintertime. Every year it seems to come as an utter surprise that I need to bundle up come January. And, like many Americans, I want to hibernate as soon as the holiday festivities are over, wistfully dreaming of sunshine and blue skies as I count the days till spring.
But what if there were another way to spend winter? What if we could look at it as a season to enjoy, even embrace? Sound impossible? Not if you're Norwegian, says Kari Leibowitz, a psychology researcher who lived in Tromsø, Norway as part of U.S. Norway Fulbright grant. She went to study wintertime mindset above the Arctic Circle, a part of the world where winter reaches Game of Thrones proportions. Her time abroad included the Polar Night, the stretch from November to January when the sun doesn't rise at all.
Why would anyone subject themselves to that?
“Recently we've started to look to Scandinavia as models of the good life,” Leibowitz tells NBC News BETTER. “They have this reputation for being very happy. That's certainly why I went to study — how can they be this happy when it's cold and dark?” Along the way the avowed cold-hater herself — who moved to Atlanta for college to escape the northeast winters — picked up a few lessons.
So what can we learn from the Nordic embrace of their long winter to help us get through our, come on, admittedly shorter (and usually) tamer cold months?
First, accept that winter is a real thing
“Even when it was below freezing [when I lived] in New Jersey,” Leibowitz says, she would just throw a coat over her jeans and regular clothes, “and then I'd be surprised when my legs got cold!” When we can surmount so many other obstacles (such as there's nothing to make for dinner) through modern miracles like grocery or meal delivery, it's easy to forget that some things, like weather, are non-negotiable. It's much easier to see cold weather as an inconvenience when we won't actually acknowledge it, says Leibowitz.
And prepare accordingly
In Norway, people dress appropriately, Leibowitz says. Their winter clothes are actual winter clothes that protect them from the cold and let them be outside in the snow and teeny digit temps. Since returning from her arctic studies, Leibowitz slides a pair of woolen leggings under her jeans before she heads out in the Jersey cold, she says. They also do things like, oh, insulate their houses sufficiently in northern climates. (I might not be whining so much about my freezing, drafty old house if we'd invested in some serious insulation!)
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Roy Moore: 'I did not molest anyone' 2:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
WASHINGTON — For all the focus on tomorrow's special Senate race in Alabama, the contest comes down to this eye-opening reality: If Republican Roy Moore underperforms Donald Trump's winning 2016 margin in the state (+28) by 30 points, he loses. But if he underperforms by 25 points, he narrowly wins. That's the disadvantage that Democrat Doug Jones faces in this race.
But there's an advantage Jones holds that hasn't received the attention it should — Democrats have enjoyed a substantial edge in enthusiasm across the country in 2017. And that probably will play out in ruby-red Alabama, too, especially since the race is expected to be a low-turnout affair with no other key contests on the ballot.
Before tomorrow's election in Alabama, this year has featured six major contests — four which Republicans won and two which Democrats carried. And in almost every case (from Virginia to Kansas and South Carolina), Democrats overperformed their margin from that race's prior contest, as well as from the result of the 2016 presidential election in that area.
KS-4 in 2016: Mike Pompeo 61%, Daniel Giroux 30% (R+31)
KS-4 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 60%, Clinton 33% (R+27)
KS-4 in 2017: Ron Estes 53%, James Thompson 46% (R+7)
GA-6 in 2016: Tom Price 62%, Rodney Stooksbury 38% (R+24)
GA-6 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 48%, Clinton 47% (R+1)
GA-6 in 2017 (initial round): Jon Ossoff 48%, Karen Handel 20%, Bob Gray 11%, Dan Moody 9%, Judson Hill 9%.
GA-6 in 2017 (runoff): Handel 52%, Ossoff 48% (R+4)
MT-AL in 2016: Ryan Zinke 56%, Denise Juneau 40% (R+16)
MT in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 36% (R+21)
MT-AL in 2017: Greg Gianforte 50%, Rob Quist 44% (R+6)
SC-5 in 2016: Mick Mulvaney 59%, Fran Person 39% (R+20)
SC-5 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 39% (R+18)
SC-5 in 2017: Ralph Norman 51%, Archie Parnell 48% (R+3)
NJ GOV in 2013: Chris Christie 60%, Barbara Buono 38% (R+22)
NJ in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 55%, Trump 41% (D+14)
NJ GOV in 2017: Phil Murphy 56%, Kim Guadagno 42% (D+14)
VA GOV in 2013: Terry McAuliffe 48%, Ken Cuccinelli 45% (D+3)
VA in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 50%, Trump 44% (D+6)
VA GOV in 2017: Ralph Northam 54%, Ed Gillespie 45% (D+9)
Because this is Alabama, an advantage in enthusiasm isn't enough — by itself — for Doug Jones to overcome the state's Republican-leaning tilt (see the outcomes in Kansas and South Carolina). But that enthusiasm advantage, PLUS the allegations that have rocked Roy Moore's campaign, PLUS Jones' fundraising edge, PLUS the write-in-vote factor have turned this into a race that's become nearly impossible to predict.
Trump goes all in on Roy Moore, while Alabama's senior senator says GOP “can do better”
At a campaign-style rally Friday in Pensacola, Fla. – which is just across the Alabama border – President Trump went all in for Roy Moore. “We love our veterans; we want conservative judges like [Neil] Gorsuch on the Supreme Court; we want people who will protect your gun rights; great trade deals instead of the horrible deals; we want jobs, jobs, jobs. So get out and vote for Roy Moore. Do it.”
And the president also has recorded a robo-call for Moore. “Hi, this is President Donald Trump, and I need Alabama to go vote for Roy Moore. It is so important.”
By contrast, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., — the state's senior senator — repeated that he didn't vote for Moore. “I want to reiterate again I didn't vote for Roy Moore. I wouldn't vote for Roy Moore. I think the Republican Party can do better,” Shelby told CNN.
On “Meet the Press” yesterday, Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said this of Moore: “Well, the Constitution requires us to A) if he wins, and still an if, if he wins, if he wins we have to seat him. Then there will immediately be an ethics investigation. We'll have a greater opportunity for us to look into all the issues, the allegations, and perhaps even talk with some of the folks who are witnesses. That will give us a clear picture. I've always said that so far, as far as I can tell, the allegations are significantly stronger than the denial.”
Nikki Haley says Trump's accusers should be heard, and they're speaking out today
Appearing on CBS yesterday, UN Ambassador Nikki Haley said this when asked about the women who have accused President Trump of sexual misconduct: “Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
And guess what — they're speaking up today. As NBC's Kate Snow reported on “Today” this morning, a non-profit documentary-film company is hosting a press conference later today, where women will recount their allegations of sexual misconduct against the president and where they will demand a congressional investigation into the president.
Also, NBC's Megyn Kelly today will have a live sit-down interview with three of the president's accusers – Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks.
18 Crucial Days: What did Trump know about Michael Flynn and when did he know it?
Turning to the Russia investigation, NBC's Carol Lee and Julia Ainsley report that special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to determine what happened inside the White House during the 18-day period when it was told former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail to when Flynn was fired.
“The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.”
“Some of those interviewed by Mueller's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by President Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26. In addition to Flynn, McGahn is also expected to be critical to federal investigators trying to piece together a timeline of those 18 days.”
The conservative effort to undermine Mueller's investigation
Meanwhile, contrast that with the effort inside conservative media to undermine Mueller's investigation.
“Mueller is corrupt. The senior FBI is corrupt. The system is corrupt,” former House speaker Newt Gingrich said on Fox News.
Fox's Jeanine Pirro has called for a “cleansing” at the FBI. "I for one am tired of investigations, politicians posturing. Something more has to be done," she said. "The stench coming out of the FBI and Justice Department is like that of a Third World country where money and boys and clubs decide elections."
And even the conservative Wall Street Journal editorial page has called for Mueller to step down.
As the LA Times' Doyle McManus writes, "The anti-Mueller campaign isn't just noisy; it's dangerous. Gingrich, Hannity and Ruddy are people Trump listens to. Fox News is the channel he watches. Whether or not they persuade the president that he ought to fire Mueller, they are clearly paving the way — by convincing Trump's political base, the Fox News-watching public, that dismissing the prosecutor would be justified."
By the way, Mueller is a Republican who was first appointed to the FBI by a Republican president, and who was appointed as the special counsel in this case by the Trump administration's deputy attorney general.
The TV-watcher-in-chief
And speaking of the president's viewing habits, here's the New York Times story that ran over the weekend: “People close to him estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back.”
More from the article: “The ammunition for his Twitter war is television. No one touches the remote control except Mr. Trump and the technical support staff — at least that's the rule. During meetings, the 60-inch screen mounted in the dining room may be muted, but Mr. Trump keeps an eye on scrolling headlines. What he misses he checks out later on what he calls his “Super TiVo,” a state-of-the-art system that records cable news. Watching cable, he shares thoughts with anyone in the room, even the household staff he summons via a button for lunch or for one of the dozen Diet Cokes he consumes each day.”
9/11 Memorial still operating at a loss It cost $111 million to run the 9/11 Memorial and Museum last year, up $3 million from the year before — with $24 million going to staff salaries and $10.4...
Touching new 9/11 exhibit to honor NYPD at John Jay College A series of sculptures, paintings and illustrations that depict the fearlessness by the NYPD during the 9/11 attacks is part of a new public art exhibit at John Jay College....
Walkway at 9/11 memorial will honor Ground Zero rescuers Ground Zero rescuers and recovery workers will be honored by a permanent walkway through a grassy clearing at the 9/11 memorial partially financed by former Mayor Mike Bloomberg, it was...
The outrage over use of 9/11 memorial in TV show filming Families of 9/11 victims are outraged that a climactic scene involving a greedy hedge-funder in the season finale of Showtime's “Billions” was filmed at the Ground Zero Memorial. The May...
Lawyer for 9/11 workers skips out on $3.8M memorial donation A lawyer whose firm reaped $150 million in taxpayer-funded fees while repping 10,000 Ground Zero workers tried to weasel out of making a $3.8 million donation to the site's memorial...
9/11 Memorial and Museum loses $25M in first full year The 9/11 Memorial and Museum's first full year of operation ended in the red, with costs outstripping revenues by $25.2 million, The Post has learned. The private nonprofit foundation, chaired...
Rangers to visit 9/11 museum, chat with NYPD as team-building It takes a village to raise a team, and in this case the village is New York City and the team is the Rangers. “We don't get an opportunity to...
Man explains why he returned 9/11 flag EVERETT, Wash. – The man who turned in an American flag raised at ground zero on Sept. 11 to a Washington state courthouse has been identified. The Daily Herald reports...
Cuomo and Trump being buds at 9/11 service irks Clinton backers Hillary Clinton supporters are fuming that Gov. Cuomo spent several minutes chatting amiably with Donald Trump at Sunday's 9/11 ceremony at Ground Zero. Democrats who attended the solemn event —...
Image copyright Victim Image caption David, who did not want to give his second name, said he was taken to hospital by ambulance after the attack
A man has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a dog in a park in Ballymena.
The victim told BBC News NI he was bitten in the arms and legs and that two men with the dog "did nothing to help me".
The police and Mid and East Antrim Borough Council are investigating the incident.
The attack occurred when the man was walking in the Ecos Centre at about 13:30 BST on Tuesday.
David, who did not want to give his second name, said he was approached by two men with two dogs.
"One was a black retriever and the other was a brown Alsatian," he said.
Image caption The man was walking in the grounds of the Ecos Centre when he was attacked
"The Alsatian ran up to me and started pouncing. I backed up into the hedge and it bit my wrist and then my leg, twice.
"The two men did nothing to help me, but eventually called the dog back and said only 'sorry mate'."
He said the two men then ran off after the incident.
David added: "A mother and her baby had just passed the men not long before and it could have been them.
"A child wouldn't stand a chance against that dog.
Image copyright Victim Image caption David said two men with the dog 'did nothing to help me' but eventually called it back
"I just want anyone who might have seen them to go to the police or the council.
"I would hate to think that people would become too afraid to walk around the Ecos centre but sadly there are parts that are just not safe, as I found out myself."
The police said they arrived at the scene after the report of the dog attack.
"Police attended and conducted checks, without success, of the immediate and surrounding area for two males who were reported to be with the dog at the time of the incident," they said.
"The dog warden also attended."
Mid and East Antrim Borough Council said that it had begun an investigation.
"Two males and two dogs, one a German Shepherd-type dog and the other a black retriever-type dog, are thought to have been involved in this alleged incident," they said
The council has appealed for information.
Chairman Avi Gabbai of the Labor Party has responded to the arrest of Sheikh Raed Salah on suspicion of incitement by saying, "I back the security forces for the arrest of Ra'ad Salah, a man who encourages hatred and is engaged in inflaming the atmosphere," adding that "a determined struggle is needed against inciteful extremists to eradicate and cut off violence."
Gabbai said, "Arab society in Israel is an inseparable part of the state and we must strengthen and tighten our shared life with the Arab public in Israel and resew the stitches that have been torn with this public in recent years. We, as leaders, have the responsibility to act accordingly."
A Breath of Fresh Air in India
NEW DELHI, Mar 20 2018 (IPS) - With India's citizens clamouring for breathable air and efficient energy options, the country's planners are more receptive than ever to explore sustainable development options, says Frank Rijsberman, Director-General of the Global Green Growth Institute (GGGI).
Rijsberman, who was in India to attend the first International Solar Alliance Summit on March 11, told IPS in an interview that the GGGI was prepared to support the Indian government to explore energy alternatives and improve the country's growth model.
India is not yet a member country of the GGGI but is recognised as a partner, says Rijsberman. He points to the fact that GGGI has had small but successful projects running in India such as a collaboration to get India's first electric buses running in Bangalore city.
“The electric buses are an example of how local level innovation can yield positive results in energy efficiency,” said Rijsberman. “The success of this project is in line with India's Intended Nationally Determined Contribution (INDC) commitments to reduce carbon emissions and improve energy efficiency.
GGGI's recognition of the potential for expanding its activity in India can be seen in the fact that the organization has been recruiting top managerial talent for its India country office.
“For us, it is a bit of restart in India trying to position GGGI well at a time when the Indian government clearly wants to have more leadership internationally and project its own cleantech or green growth initiatives,” Rijsberman said.
So far, the successes have not been on the scale of what India is capable of, says Rijsberman. “In other countries we sit with ministries — the ministry of planning and investment in Vietnam and Laos for instance — and help with national green growth strategy or in the next five-year plan.
“Last year, said Rijsberman, “we helped member countries get 500 million dollars' worth of green and climate finance – we've had no such breakthrough in India.”
Still, Rijsberman finds encouraging the “growing concern over deteriorating air quality and other things that is convincing citizens and politicians that the quality of growth really matters — we are looking at what GGGI can do to help the Indian government shift to a model of growth that is cleaner and more sustainable.”
India has experience in increasing the share of renewable energy in its overall energy mix and GGGI is keen to work with the government, particularly the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) and the International Solar Alliance (ISA), to share India's expertise, and knowhow with other developing countries facing similar developmental challenges
“India has wonderful experiences that can be shared with countries like Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam and in other cases we could help share experiences from other countries that could support India's green growth initiatives,” Rijsberman said.
It has not all been smooth sailing though. Last year, Rijsberman said, GGGI had worked with the MNRE to find a combination of financing from the Green Climate Fund (GCF) the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency and other sources to improve India's small and medium industries. “In the end we could not get the seal of approval from the environment ministry — so it has got a bit stuck.”
An important international finance mechanism, the GCF is mandated to support developing countries to access international climate finance by developing projects to achieve renewable energy targets.
India country representative for GGGI, Shantanu Gotmare, said the project has not actually been shelved and is still in process. “We haven't given it up yet,” said Gotmare, a career bureaucrat who has taken a break from government work to lead the GGGI in India.
Gotmare explained that much of GGGI's work, so far, has been with provincial governments like those of Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh and Punjab states. “We have developed comprehensive green growth strategies and supported these state governments in adopting integrated analytical approaches to assess green growth challenges and prioritise opportunities in energy, water, agriculture and forestry.
“We supported these three state governments in implementing specific green growth opportunities by formulating detailed project proposals, policy implementation roadmaps, and capacity building initiatives,” Gotmare said.
The plan for the immediate future is to scale up GGGI's programmatic activities to launch green growth interventions at the national level.
“Our aim is to support the government to deliver on its Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) ambition by helping to develop policy frameworks, mobilising domestic and international climate finance and helping to introduce clean technologies and finally to create and share green growth knowledge and best practices,” Gotmare said.
There is an immediate opportunity to finance off-grid energy (OGE) access to millions of households in India that have limited or no access to electricity. GGGI is designing an innovative finance mechanism to support the government's goal of ‘electricity for all'.
“This is a plan that is expected to simultaneously achieve social, economic and environmental benefits,” Gotmare said.
According to Gotmare, as India's citizens demand more power, it is a challenge for the government to make sure that there are energy options that are cleaner than the traditional coal or diesel-fired power plants. “This is precisely where GGGI comes in,” he said.
GGGI's experience, says Rijsberman, allows it to work closely with the government to rapidly ramp up India's electrification plans in a clean and sustainable way and use solar solutions to extend electrification services to India's most marginalised households.
Japanese public broadcaster NHK announced this week that one of its young reporters died of "karoshi," a Japanese term for overwork, renewing calls for labor reform in a nation where working long hours is prized.
Miwa Sado died of congestive heart failure at the age of 31 in her home in July 2013, the network disclosed on Wednesday. Her family said she had been covering local and national elections and worked 159 hours of overtime in the month before she died.
Labor officials determined in May 2014 that Sado's death was caused by overwork. No details of her death had been made public before this week.
A screen shot of Miwa Sado, a journalist for Japan's state-run broadcaster, NHK, who died after working 159 hours of overtime in one month.
NHK issued an apology and said it made the incident public in effort to prevent future tragedies, adding that management had been working to improve employee conditions.
"I can't even imagine how her parents have been feeling since they lost their daughter at the young age of 31. We'll continue to reform our organization, and I hope they will help us," Ryoichi Ueda, chairman of NHK, said at a press conference.
The term "karoshi" first emerged in the 1980s, before Japan entered into a bubble economy. Despite the increasing prominence of the phenomenon, little has been done to prevent it from happening, said Kotaro Tamura, an Asia fellow at the Milken Institute and former senator and parliamentary secretary in charge of economic and fiscal policy in Japan's Cabinet Office.
"In Japanese society, working a long time continues to be a virtue," he said.
With Sado, many wondered why it took NHK so long to address the death of its employee. Her parents told Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun that NHK only disclosed it after they strongly requested that it do so.
Sado rarely complained, but had become anxious in the month prior to her death, her parents added.
“I am too busy and stressed out and think about quitting my job at least once a day, but I guess I have to hang on,” she wrote in an email on June 27, the day after her 31st birthday, her father told the paper.
NHK told Sado's parents after her death that it was taking measures to prevent overwork, the parents told the newspaper. But after an employee allegedly told Sado's parents over the summer that not all NHK workers had been informed of her death from karoshi, they pressed the broadcaster to announce it publicly, Asahi Shimbun reported.
Sado logged 159 hours and 37 minutes in overtime in June and 146 hours and 57 minutes in May, according to the Shibuya Labor Standard Inspection Office, far exceeding the 100 hours of overtime a month that national guidelines use for determining karoshi, Asahi Shimbun reported.
“ In Japanese society, working a long time continues to be a virtue.”
The guidelines have not prevented multiple Japanese employees from literally working themselves to death over the years.
In another high-profile case, a 24-year-old at advertising agency Dentsu Inc. died after jumping off the roof of employee housing in 2015. Japan's labor ministry ruled Matsuri Takahashi's death was from overwork.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tearful Mother of Woman Who Died From Overworking Condemns Corporations 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Many were angered after Dentsu was ordered this week to pay a small fine of just over 500,000 yen, or $4,400 USD, after a Toyko court ruled it made employees work illegal overtime amounts.
Tamura said the laws, and the culture, need to change.
"The corporate law is not good enough," he said. "At a glance, our country looks like a very good country. But behind the scenes, this is happening."
Image copyright KCNA / STR Image caption North Korea's military parades - like this one in April 2017 - can be large affairs
North Korea has defended plans for a large-scale military parade scheduled for the day before the Winter Olympics in South Korea.
Pyongyang's annual military parade to mark the founding of its armed forces has taken place in April for 40 years.
From 2018, however, it has been changed to 8 February - when athletes will gather in Pyeongchang for the opening ceremony the following day.
North Korea said that no-one had the right to take issue with its plans.
A column in the ruling Workers' Party newspaper - the Rodong Sinmun - dismissed views that the event was provocative or designed to showcase the North's nuclear weapons.
Instead, the newspaper said, "it is a custom and very basic common sense that any country in the world takes the founding anniversary of its military very seriously and celebrates it with extravagant events," according to South Korea's Yonhap news.
Pyongyang previously held its main celebration of the military on 25 April.
The 2018 celebration, however, will mark the 70th anniversary of the foundation of the Korean People's Army, which was established on 8 February 1948.
North Korea's military parades are usually large-scale affairs, often featuring thousands of troops and a display of missiles or other military hardware.
Image copyright KCNA / STR Image caption This 15 April 2017 parade commemorated the late Kim Il-Sung's 105th birthday
The Pyeongchang Winter Olympics have been the subject of sudden co-operation between the two Korean nations.
The two countries will march under a unified banner at the event, and even field a joint women's ice hockey team.
But the diplomatic spat over the military parade threatens to cast a shadow over proceedings.
US Under Secretary of State Steve Goldstein told a press briefing earlier this week: "We would prefer that this parade not occur".
North Korea's government-operated information outlet KCNA released a statement saying that if South Korea and its allies continued criticism in the form of "reckless confrontational acts", it would "only bring about the consequences of souring the successful opening of the Winter Olympics".
The two countries dramatically improved their bilateral relations in January, reopening lines of communication and negotiating their joint presence at the Winter Olympics.
In January, South Korea's foreign minister told the BBC it would continue high-level talks with "clear eyes" - and that despite concerns over North Korea's true motives, "we have to make the most of it."
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 Police spokeswoman gives details on suspected home invasion homicide Pause 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained 1:07 Jason Aldean's "The Only Way I Know" Live in Macon 0:56 Jason Aldean's opening song during hometown benefit concert 0:33 Cowboy boots for Jason Aldean "because we're country" 0:26 Free on bond, Whitby defers comment to lawyer 1:35 Fried green tomato potato chip could win man $1 million 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When She Says Baby" in Macon 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Macon-Bibb County Firefighters show off their physiques in hope of making calendar to benefit Jay's Hope, fallen firefighters Jason Vorhees The Telegraph
Macon-Bibb County Firefighters show off their physiques in hope of making calendar to benefit Jay's Hope, fallen firefighters Jason Vorhees The Telegraph
In 2011, Professor Wexler published “The Odd Clauses: Understanding the Constitution Through 10 of Its Most Curious Provisions.”
At least one of those curious provisions is suddenly salient. Professor Wexler devoted a chapter to the president's power to bypass the Senate by making recess appointments. Mr. Trump might test that power should he try to replace Attorney General Jeff Sessions with someone prepared to fire Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel investigating ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Then there were the clauses that were too obscure even for Professor Wexler.
“I don't think anyone even knew how to pronounce the word ‘emoluments,' much less know what it might mean, before Trump took office,” Professor Wexler said. Now there are several lawsuits challenging payments to Mr. Trump's companies as violations of the Constitution's two emoluments clauses, which bar federal officials from accepting compensation from foreign governments or payments from the federal government or the states beyond their salaries.
Sanford V. Levinson, a law professor at the University of Texas, said Mr. Trump's presidency had revealed some shortcomings of the Constitution. For instance, he said, the framers should have made it easier to remove the president before his term was over.
“The fixed four-year term means we're stuck with him unless we go through an unlikely impeachment or the 25th Amendment,” he said, referring to an elaborate and confusing method of removing a president “unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.”
“A desirable system,” Professor Levinson said, “would offer a way of voting ‘no confidence.'”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last year, used to say there was more to a constitution than its words. “Every banana republic in the world has a bill of rights,” he told the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2011.
“The bill of rights of the former evil empire, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, was much better than ours,” he said. “We guarantee freedom of speech and of the press. Big deal. They guaranteed freedom of speech, of the press, of street demonstrations and protests, and anyone who is caught trying to suppress criticism of the government will be called to account. Whoa, that is wonderful stuff!”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Of course,” Justice Scalia continued, “it's just words on paper, what our framers would have called a ‘parchment guarantee.'”
Legal scholars around the nation said the nation might soon decide whether its sacred founding charter was built to last.
That is “what's different about teaching con law in the Trump era,” said Leah Litman, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine. It requires, she said, “acknowledging that much of what we consider settled beyond the capacity of lawyers to unsettle it may not be so settled after all.”
David Strauss, a law professor at the University of Chicago, said he had been trying recently to convey that unsettled state of constitutional law to his students.
“A lot of what we teach in constitutional law classes rests on unspoken assumptions about how people in the government will behave,” Professor Strauss said. “Everyone understands that when we're talking about other countries — their constitutions may look great, but if the officials are authoritarian or corrupt, the formal law won't matter very much.”
“Now we have to think about those questions,” he said, “in explaining to students how our own constitutional principles are vulnerable and what we can do about it.”
The sudden relevance of constitutional law is harrowing and heartening to people who have spent their careers studying and teaching it, said Vikram D. Amar, dean of the University of Illinois College of Law.
“Many constitutionalists I know seem somewhat anxious these days,” he said. But, he added, “recent events make our life's work more salient and urgent.”
Image copyright EPA Image caption The search for survivors and bodies was due to start again on Tuesday morning
The desperate dig for survivors was due to resume at first light in Sierra Leone's capital, after mudslides and floods claimed the lives of more than 300 people.
Their homes in Freetown were engulfed after part of Sugar Loaf mountain collapsed following heavy rain early on Monday morning.
Many of the victims were still asleep in their beds when disaster struck.
Vice-President Victor Foh has warned the final death toll may be far higher.
Another 3,000 people are estimated to have lost their homes.
Ishmeal Charles, a charity worker for the Healey Relief Foundation and Caritas Freetown, told the BBC words could not do justice to the scale of the tragedy.
"Of course you will see a huge number of people crying with those who have lost their family members," he said.
"It's very difficult to paint what the reality looks like, because it's more scary and very sad and disastrous than anyone can be able to describe."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Heavy rains have flooded Freetown's streets
In the worst hit area, the Regent district, where dozens of houses were submerged when the hillside collapsed at about 06:00 GMT, those who survived spoke of the family members they had lost - or still hoped to find alive.
"My wife is dead. My children are all dead. This morning my children and I talked before I left for work. One of them even chose the socks I should put on," a man called Malikie told the BBC.
Another woman, called Adama, said she was still searching for her baby.
"We were inside. We heard the mudslide approaching. We were trying to flee. I attempted to grab my baby but the mud was too fast. She was covered, alive.
"I have not seen my husband, Alhaji. My baby was just seven weeks old."
Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown's Connaught Hospital, told news agency AFP he had counted more than 300 bodies on Monday - and said more had been taken to private morgues.
Red Cross spokesman Patrick Massaquoi told the news agency that 312 people were confirmed dead and warned the toll could rise further.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Flooding is not unusual in Sierra Leone
Fatmata Sesay, who lives on the hilltop area of Juba, managed to survive the mudslide after she and her family were woken by the pounding rain.
It was then they realised their home was submerged in water.
"I only managed to escape by climbing to the roof of the house when neighbours came in to rescue me," she told AFP.
"We have lost everything and we do not have a place to sleep."
In a televised address, President Ernest Bai Koroma urged people to stay away from the affected areas.
"This tragedy of great magnitude has once again challenged us to come together, to stand by each other and to help one another," he said.
"Let me assure you that my government is fully engaged on this situation and in collaboration with our development partners we have already established an emergency response centre at Regent to coordinate our response and to provide relief to the survivors."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC Weather's Tomasz Schafernaker explains why Sierra Leone has been hit with torrential rain and mudslides.
Flooding is not unusual in Sierra Leone, where unsafe housing in makeshift settlements can be swept away by heavy rains.
The rains often hit areas in and around Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of more than one million people.
In 2015, Freetown endured deadly floods sparked by monsoon rains that killed 10 people and left thousands more homeless.
With big corporations such as HSBC and Virgin actively encouraging their employees to work from home, a new survey has found that 38% of Scots spend their remote working hours doing personal tasks.
And when they are doing the job in hand, 62% do so in their pyjamas.
A recent study finds that the number of people working from home has increased by a fifth in 10 years and home insurer, Together Mutual Insurance have conducted some new research to find out why people are working from home, in addition to how companies are having to change to accommodate this trend.
The main reason employees dodge the workplace and opt to work from home is to avoid their commute - and with rail fares facing the biggest rise for five years, this is no surprise.
Additionally, over a third opt to work from home to avoid the distraction of their colleagues, allowing them to concentrate on their work.
Meanwhile, nearly a quarter (24%) decide to stay home so that they can take a break whenever they feel like it, with nearly one in 10 taking advantage of a long lunch.
Of the 38% which get distracted when working from home, the causes of procrastination are:
Chatting to friends and family at home - 59%
Doing household chores - 58%
Running personal errands - 49%
The survey also reveals that 23% of Scots would work from home more if it were not for their company putting a limit on the number of days allowed, suggesting that businesses are limiting their employees' productivity and flexibility.
Jon Craven, CEO of Together Mutual Insurance said: “With the average person working from home 13 days a year, companies are having to accommodate for this with equipment and remote-working friendly IT systems.
“Our findings highlighted that the average person needs £2097 worth of technology in order to work remotely and with 38% of people claiming to get distracted during work hours, it begs the question as to how beneficial remote working is for businesses.”
Dr. Vartan Mardirossian of Palm Beach Plastics offers numerous facial treatments designed to help restore patients' youthful glow.
Jupiter, FL (PRUnderground) July 3rd, 2018
Dr. Vartan Mardirossian and his team at Palm Beach Plastics, located in Jupiter, Florida, offers numerous aesthetic skin treatments designed to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, restore skin's elasticity, and restore fullness in the face. These treatments were designed to remove years from patients' faces, allowing them to look and feel better about themselves.
Aesthetic Facial Treatments
Some of the treatments on offer through Palm Beach Plastics include chemical peels, contour surgery, diamond abrasion, facial implants, dermal fillers, laser therapy, Botox treatments, and the treatment of brown spots and capillaries. Palm Beach Plastics also offers a number of skin care services performed by their aesthetician which are designed to rejuvenate facial skin.
Most Popular Treatment Options
The most popular facial treatments that help patients look and feel younger include Botox, chemical peels, dermal fillers, and the treatment of brown spots and capillaries.
Botox Injections – Botox injections are quick, simple, and require little to no recovery. These injections contain botulinum toxin, which acts as a relaxer to significantly reduce the appearance of wrinkles, including deep creases. These treatments provide results for two to eight months, with most patients seeing maximum results for about four months.
Botox injections are quick, simple, and require little to no recovery. These injections contain botulinum toxin, which acts as a relaxer to significantly reduce the appearance of wrinkles, including deep creases. These treatments provide results for two to eight months, with most patients seeing maximum results for about four months. Chemical Peels – Chemical peels involve applying chemicals to the face in such a way that the skin “blisters” and peels away, revealing smoother, tighter, less wrinkled skin below. This treatment can also reduce the appearance of age spots and blemishes, and it can help skin feel softer and more rejuvenated. The effects immediately after the procedure are similar to a sunburn, and the redness dissipates in three to seven days.
Chemical peels involve applying chemicals to the face in such a way that the skin “blisters” and peels away, revealing smoother, tighter, less wrinkled skin below. This treatment can also reduce the appearance of age spots and blemishes, and it can help skin feel softer and more rejuvenated. The effects immediately after the procedure are similar to a sunburn, and the redness dissipates in three to seven days. Dermal Fillers – Numerous injectable dermal fillers are available, and these can help plump lips, boost the appearance of shallow contours, plump fine lines, and even soften deeper creases. For some patients, these fillers can even improve the appearance of certain types of scars. The effects last anywhere from six months to two years, and for permanent or semi-permanent fillers, the results could last even longer – up to five years.
Numerous injectable dermal fillers are available, and these can help plump lips, boost the appearance of shallow contours, plump fine lines, and even soften deeper creases. For some patients, these fillers can even improve the appearance of certain types of scars. The effects last anywhere from six months to two years, and for permanent or semi-permanent fillers, the results could last even longer – up to five years. Brown Spots & Capillary Treatments – There are numerous ways to reduce the appearance of brown spots due to aging or melasma as well as visible capillaries under the skin on your face. Laser treatments are by far the most popular and best option; these stimulate your body to produce new collagen even as it reduces the discoloration.
If you are interested in facial treatments that could erase years from your face and make you look and feel younger, contact Palm Beach Plastics for your consultation today.
About the Company: Palm Beach Plastics, located in Jupiter, Florida, is headed by Dr. Vartan Mardirossian and his experienced team. They provide numerous facial rejuvenation services that can reduce the appearance of wrinkles, discoloration and blemishes, stimulate the skin to create its own natural collagen, and provide the appearance of plump, smooth skin. They offer a variety of noninvasive, minimally-invasive, and surgical facial aesthetic options to suit all your unique needs. For more info please visit http://palmbeachplastics.com.
About Mardirossian Facial Aesthetics
Mardirossian Facial Aesthetics in Jupiter Florida, specializing in facial cosmetic surgery including facial feminization. Please visit our website http://palmbeachplastics.com for a free consultation.
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
NEW YORK — A senior North Korean official and the top U.S. diplomat had dinner in New York as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit. It's the highest-level official North Korean visit to the United States in 18 years.
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed midafternoon Wednesday on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane taxi down the tarmac before the North's delegation disembarked at JFK International Airport.
During his unusual visit, Kim Yong Chol had dinner for about an hour-and-a-half with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who traveled from Washington to see him. The two planned a “day full of meetings” Thursday, the White House said. Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later canceled by Trump, can be restored, U.S. officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barreling forward on both sides of the Pacific Ocean, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when. As Kim and Pompeo were meeting in New York, other U.S. teams were meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
“If it happens, we'll certainly be ready,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of the Singapore summit. Regarding the date for the meeting, she added, “We're going to continue to shoot for June 12th.”
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build his economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will ever fully relinquish his nuclear arsenal, which he may see as his only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
Trump announced that Kim Yong Chol was coming to New York for talks with Pompeo in a tweet on Tuesday in which he said he had a “great team” working on the summit. That was a shift from last week, when Trump announced in an open letter to Kim Jong-un that he had decided to “terminate” the summit following a provocative statement from the North.
Pompeo, Trump's former CIA chief, has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a “shared understanding” between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang and that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and might push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States. That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for him to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty.
Trump views a summit as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others, but he pledged to walk away from the meeting if he believed the North wasn't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program.
After the North's combative statements, there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the U.S. in the lead-up to the talks. Trump had mused that Kim's “attitude” had changed after the North Korean leader's surprise visit to China two weeks ago, suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table. Trump's letter, the aides said, was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet.
White House officials maintain that Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that he was prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation. Instead, the officials said, it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness, as they work through myriad logistical and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit.
Kim Yong Chol is a vice chairman of the North Korean ruling party's central committee. The last official of his stature to visit the United States was Jo Myong Rok, the late first vice chairman of the National Defense Commission, who visited Washington in 2000, South Korea's Unification Ministry said.
The White House emphasized that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue. Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to coordinate their thinking ahead of the summit. Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week.
Moon, who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Trump and Kim Jong-un, held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader on Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive.
Welcome to the start of another week. August is already half-over, if you can believe that — I sure can't. I have another large list of apps for you today, some of which are actually pretty good. So head on down, find something you like, and be sure to offer your own recommendations from the lists below in the comments for others to find. The highlight today, obviously, is the selection of Final Fantasy games on sale.
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Sale
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Most of you are probably familiar with the Bugdroid: he's the official mascot for Android and a common depiction in Dead Zebra's Android Mini figurines. The company has just pushed its latest special edition set for spring to its site, revealing pre-order availability for tomorrow (March 20th) at 11AM Eastern time and I can't keep up this facade any more THEY'RE LIKE TINY ANDROID PEEPS IN A BOX, OH MY GOD.
Ahem.
Easter isn't quite here yet, but with shipping starting the week of 3/26, they might arrive in time. The hazy marshmallow pastel shades feature a flocked finish for a spring-appropriate softness. Each Android Mini "Sweet Spring" Special Edition pack includes three 3" tall figurines in a Peep-like windowed display box.
ANDROID PEEPS ARE YOU SEEING THIS?
Dead Zebra's been pushing out Android Mini Bugdroids fast recently. The Year of the Dog mini only came out a bit over a month ago, and already we've got a new set to get excited about. If you grab them together with a display case 3-pack, you can even save $3—if for some reason the Peep-esque packaging isn't doing it for you (you monster).
I really want these, but I'm concerned my roommate might try to eat them. At least they'll be a regretful meal, just like real Peeps.
LONDON — Prince William and Lady Gaga may seem like an unlikely pair to share a cup of tea, but the two have joined forces to encourage young people to talk about mental health issues.
As part of a campaign to combat the stigma surrounding mental health problems, the Royal Family's Facebook page posted a video Tuesday of the royal sharing a FaceTime chat with the pop star. From their respective homes in London and Los Angeles, the pair discussed the importance of speaking publicly about emotional issues so that people don't feel they have to suffer in silence.
The video release comes on the heels of Prince Harry opening up Monday about his own emotional struggles after his mother's death about 20 years ago.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Lady Gaga, Prince William Discuss Dispelling 'Shame' of Mental Illness 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The appearances were all part of the young royals' campaign to promote Heads Together — a charity set up by William, Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge, more commonly known as Kate. The umbrella group of eight leading mental health groups is the official charity of the London Marathon that will happen this Sunday, April 23.
Lady Gaga, 31, has been very open about her battle with post-traumatic stress disorder and has her own non-profit organization, the Born This Way Foundation, which promotes empowering youth and combats bullying.
During their FaceTime chat, Lady Gaga said she felt people facing mental health challenges were "not hiding anymore."
"There is a lot of shame attached to mental illness, you feel like something is wrong with you," Lady Gaga told William, describing her own battles with depression and anxiety. But she said she came to conquer those feelings by "saying, this is a part of me, and that's OK."
William, the 34-year-old second in line to the throne, added that it is time "to feel normal about mental health — it's the same as physical health" and that good conversations can "really make such a difference."
Singer Lady Gaga performs on the Coachella Stage Saturday. Kevin Winter / Getty Images for Coachella
As part of the campaign, William has also encouraged Brits to move on from the "stiff upper lip" they have been long been famous for.
"There may be a time and a place for the 'stiff upper lip,' but not at the expense of your health," William said during an interview with CALMzine, which is published by one of Heads Together's partners, The Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM). The charity is dedicated to preventing male suicides — the single biggest killer of men under the age of 45 in the U.K.
William also said that he and his wife are hoping to encourage his children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, to grow up feeling comfortable talking openly about their feelings.
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge leave church on the Easter. Peter Nicholls / WPA Pool via Getty Images
"Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings," William told CALMzine.
He added: "Over the past year we have visited a number of schools together where we have been amazed listening to children talk about some quite difficult subjects in a really clear and emotionally articulate way— something most adults would struggle with. Seeing this has really given me hope that things are changing and that there is a generation coming up who find it normal to talk openly about their emotions."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Study: Brain Scans Could Predict Autism in Babies Who Have Autistic Older Siblings 1:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A new kind of brain scan may be able to predict when a baby as young as 6 months old will develop autism, researchers said Wednesday.
The approach is not likely to be useful for all kids, but in children considered at high risk because an older sibling has autism, the scans correctly chose nine out of 11 children who later were diagnosed with autism out of a group of 59 high-risk kids.
An infant is being scanned during natural sleep. Courtesy of Mark Shen and Chad Chappell / University of North Carolina
“If future studies confirm these results, detecting brain differences may enable physicians to diagnose and treat autism earlier than they do today,” said Dr. Diana Bianchi, director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, which helped fund the study.
The team has been trying several different types of scans to find early evidence of autism, a developmental disorder that starts before birth and that's marked by changes in how the brain works.
“You have the opportunity to find out if something is off.”
The same team, with members at the University of North Carolina and Washington University in St. Louis, has used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to find structural changes in the brains of babies born with autism, and used another type of MRI, called functional connectivity MRI, to see if they might find differences in the way brain regions communicate in infancy.
They did. Reporting in the journal Science Translational Medicine, the researchers said they found various differences that allowed them to correctly predict nine of the 11 6-month-old infants who were later diagnosed with autism.
Christa Robaina, a mom from Charlotte whose 6-year-old son has autism, said an early heads up can make all the difference for worried parents.
"This been a blessing for us and just calming our fears," said Robaina, whose infant daughter took part in some of the team's research.
Related: Early Treatment Helps Autism Symptoms
“We know what it's like as a family to be in the abyss of not knowing who your enemy is and what you are fighting.”
Robaina said her family spent thousands of dollars in co-pays to have MRIs and genetic tests for their son. He was not medically diagnosed with autism until he was 5, but she had her suspicions much earlier.
He was born prematurely and was "a little bit behind" on meeting developmental milestones, she said. "We were told this was typical of preemies," Robaina told NBC News. "At 12 months, I had that mother's instinct to know something was not right."
But as a first-time mom, she did not completely trust those instincts.
Later on, she became more worried. "He didn't respond to his name," she said. Hearing tests showed that wasn't the problem. "He would sit and play in a room all by himself unattended and would have no problem with that."
Difficulty in interacting socially with people is one of the characteristic symptoms of autism, a so-called "spectrum disorder" because people with the condition show a range of symptoms, from mild social awkwardness to profoundly disabling behaviors.
Robaina was worried about her daughters, now aged 2 and 4, so she enrolled the youngest in the study at the University of North Carolina.
“You have the opportunity to find out if something is off,” she said. So far, the two girls have not been diagnosed with autism.
Related: DNA Scan Finds 18 new Autism Genes
Psychiatrist Dr. Joseph Piven, of UNC-Chapel Hill, said it's particularly hard to diagnose autism in infants.
“They don't look like they have autism in the first year,” he said. “Social deficits emerge over the first two years of life, and [we] have not been able to move the needle down on early detection.”
So his team's been trying to find other ways to spot autism early. They've been putting sleeping babies into MRI scanners to see what's different about their brains. They tested younger sibling of kids already diagnosed with autism, because this sibling are known to be at higher risk.
"Infants with high familial risk for autism spectrum disorder begin life with about a 20 percent chance of developing autism spectrum disorder compared to about 1.5 percent in infants with low or unknown risk,” they wrote in their report.
Autism is diagnosed in about 1 in 68 U.S. kids, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. There is no single known cause, although it's clear autism starts well before birth and has strong genetic components.
Because it is a developmental disorder, the symptoms may make it seem as if a child is regressing, making parents mistakenly think it's something that happens to children as toddlers that causes autism. Brain studies like Piven's can be reassuring to parents.
“The defining behavioral characteristics of autism generally unfold during the second year of life, typically showing consolidation of the full behavioral syndrome by about 24 months of age or later,” Piven and colleagues wrote.
“We have some idea that the brain is more malleable in infants.”
“Behavioral differences in autism spectrum disorder have been observed as early as 6 months of age in characteristics such as gross motor ability, visual reception, and patterns of eye tracking; however, these associated characteristics have not been able to predict which children will later receive a diagnosis.”
Brain imaging may be the best way to give parents an early warning. Some studies suggest that working with parents of infants may help them alter the course of their development.
“You can maybe intervene and change the patterns,” said UNC researcher Robert Emerson. “We have some idea that the brain is more malleable in infants.”
Emerson and Piven noted, however, that it's not clear whether early interventions can prevent autism — but no one will be able to study that unless and until there is a reliable way to detect the infants who are most at risk.
“I think as a mom you probably always have mommy guilt," said Robaina. "I look back at things I did in my pregnancy and things that I ate."
Related: Program Helps Kids With Autism Succeed in College
But an early warning could help parents prepare.
"You have the opportunity to go find out if something is off," she said. "A lot of moms think it's just fine. Everyone tells you they'll walk, they'll talk and then they don't — and you've passed a window where you can have done something."
Robaina said she's been trying dietary changes, physical and occupational therapy and other therapeutic approaches with success in her children.
Emerson said it's hard to explain the differences in the brains of the babies with autism — it took a complicated computer algorithm to make the predictions. Some areas of connection from one part of the brain were more active in the babies with autism, and some were less active.
"No one has done this kind of study in 6-month-olds before, and so it needs to be replicated. We hope to conduct a larger study soon with different study participants," Emerson added.
And it will never be something for every kid to try — MRIs can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars.
"It is not really an efficient strategy to have every kid scanned at 6 months of age to see if they have autism," Piven said.
13 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Hull Kingston Rovers are closing in on the signings of Glenn Stewart, Atelea Vea and Samisoni Langi from Leigh Centurions.
TotalRL understands the trio are all set to make the move to East Hull for the 2018 season after their contracts became void following Leigh's relegation to Super League.
The Robins are continuing to strengthen ahead of their return to Super League and Tim Sheens has wasted little time luring three of Leigh's senior players to KCOM Craven Park for next season.
Leigh owner Derek Beaumont hinted that the Robins had signed members of Leigh's squad on Twitter, and it's believed the aforementioned trio will be among those making the switch.
Stewart, the former Australia Test international, spent just one year at Leigh after a year in France with Catalans, but is now closing in on another season in Super League.
He will be joined by Tongan international Vea, the 30-year-old who has spent the last four seasons in Super League with London, St Helens and the Centurions.
Vea adds depth to Rovers' back-row, a key area of recruitment for Sheens ahead of next year.
Finally, 24-year-old Langi leaves the Centurions having only signed for the club in June.
However, the versatile star will make the move from LSV ahead of 2018 after impressing during his short stay with the club.
TotalRL revealed the signing during our Facebook Live ‘Friday Forum'. To watch the full show, go to https://www.facebook.com/rugbyleagueexpress/.
The San Jose Earthquakes have hired Bruno Costa as their head of scouting, after an extensive career in Brazil's top flight and with the Brazilian Football Confederation.
Costa's finds for the Brazilian national youth program include such stars as Neymar Jr., Willian and Philippe Coutinho.
"Bruno is a fantastic addition to our organization, having worked in the competitive Serie A and with the most successful national team in international soccer," Earthquakes general manager Jesse Fioranelli said on Monday, in the club's statement announcing Costa's hiring. "Our goal was to hire an experienced scout that knows the US and the international talent markets.
"As we develop a comprehensive player scouting and development program across Quakes teams," Fioranelli added. "Bruno will focus on prospects in the Bay Area as much as he will cover the U.S. and select markets in Europe and Latin America. He brings a tremendous amount of experience in identifying talent to the Quakes, and we are fortunate to have him as part of our team."
During Costa's time with the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF), the country's youth teams won 14 trophies, including the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship (U-20) and the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship. In addition to his time at the CBF, Costa has also spent time with Brazilian club powerhouse Fluminense.
Costa has also spent time playing and working in the US – in his youth, he attended the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida and played Division I soccer at Florida International University. Most recently, Costa was the assistant general manager and head of scouting for NASL's Fort Lauderdale Strikers, where he worked from December 2015 until joining San Jose.
Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer eased some M&A concerns on the street last week by executing an additional $2 billion stock buyback. Earlier in the week, we heard Mayer was concerned...
New York, NY – The New York Jets announced today that Paul Villanueva of Albertus Magnus High School in Bardonia, NY, has been named this week's recipient of the New York Jets High School Coach of the Week award fueled by Gatorade.
Through Gatorade's partnership, the monetary award to benefit the school's football program has doubled to $2,000. Coach Villanueva will receive a Gatorade kit, containing a cooler, fuel bars, Gatorade powder mix, squeeze bottles and much more. Along with this award, Albertus Magnus High School receives an automatic bid to compete in the 2018 New York Jets 7on7 Tournament.
In addition, he is invited to watch the New York Jets play the Los Angeles Chargers on December 24th from a luxury suite at MetLife Stadium, where he will be presented with a certificate and an award ball.
In its 22nd year, the Coach of the Week award is given to a coach in the Tri-State area who serves the best interests of the game through the teaching of sound football fundamentals, the motivation of young players to achieve and the promotion of youth football by way of dedication to their community, their school and their student-athletes.
Villanueva is a 1989 graduate of Clarkstown South High School in Bardonia, NY, where he played both left tackle and middle linebacker. After graduation, Villanueva enrolled at New York University. Villanueva began his coaching career in 1996 and is in his 16th season as head coach of Albertus Magnus High School. In addition to his coach duties, Villanueva serves as an art teacher.
The Albertus Magnus Falcons improved to 4-1 with a 33-23 victory over the Dobbs Ferry Eagles. The Falcons will take on the Rye Neck Panthers on Saturday, October 7th at 3:00pm.
Previous Award Winners
VANCOUVER — Researchers at the University of Victoria have been granted a patent to develop a potential vaccine against syphilis.
Microbiologist Caroline Cameron says rates of the sexually transmitted disease are climbing worldwide and a vaccine would complement current treatment with penicillin.
She says increasingly high rates of syphilis are occurring among men who have sex with men and it often goes undetected.
Cameron says researchers are trying to understand the function of a protein that works to prevent syphilis bacterium from entering the bloodstream and spreading throughout the body as they work on a vaccine, which could be more than a decade away.
She says the World Health Organization is promoting vaccine development for sexually transmitted infections and scientists around the globe are also working on possible vaccines for gonorrhea and chlamydia.
The Public Health Agency of Canada says between 2010 and 2015, the country's rate of syphilis increased by nearly 86 per cent.
PHOTONEWS: Quit notice: Osinbajo in closed door meeting with Igbo leaders
Acting President, Yemi Osibanjo, is currently, at the Presidential Villa, holding a meeting with elders and leaders of thought from the South-East The meeting is to discuss the recent spate of secessionist agitations rocking the nation and to ensure the country remains united. The parley has in attendance the Deputy Senate President, South-East governors and […]
PHOTONEWS: Quit notice: Osinbajo in closed door meeting with Igbo leaders
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Have your say
Grantham's Alive church staged its first ever lunch club in brand new facilitiues after 18 months of fundraising.
Some £20,000 was raised, boosted by £3,000 from South Kesteven District Council's Community Fund and white goods from the Bishop of Lincoln's Social Justice Fund.
Volunteer Alison Allenby said: “Our grant from the Community Fund was a real life-saver. We couldn't get any other funding to get that done.”
The lunch club meets every Tuesday, serving three courses for £3, adding to other events at the Alive Church, including a pre-school group, youth club and a knit and natter group.
Alive Church pastor Jonas Eyles thanked SKDC for the help, saying the former kitchen was not fit for purpose.
“There is a national epidemic of loneliness and isolation, and we want to use the lunch club and other activities to tackle that.”
Mayor Mike Cook opened the kitchen, which SKDC cabinet member for communities Nick Neilson said would “make a huge difference for the Alive Church engagement with its community.”
After the downfall at USC, it was unclear where or when Kiffin's next opportunity would come. It came from the opportunistic Nick Saban, who made him Alabama's offensive coordinator in 2014.
Kiffin presided over the offense of three consecutive playoff-bound teams, but after the 2016 regular season, Kiffin accepted another head-coaching gig, this time at Florida Atlantic. He was set to stay on with Alabama through the playoff, but after taking heavy criticism for his performance in the Tide's semifinal win over Washington, Saban — in a stunning move, given the stakes and circumstances — decided to part ways with Kiffin, with Steve Sarkisian assuming offensive coordinator duties just one week before the national championship game.
Mike Zarrilli Getty Images
GBI Director Vernon Keenan, at a press conference about three arrests for abuse of elderly or disabled people, said the legal term for what an Albany woman did was run an 'unlicensed personal care home.' But that's only the legal term for a kind of severe abuse. "In fact, they are dungeons where the elderly and disabled persons are warehoused so that their benefits can be siphoned off. They're neglected, they're abused, they're financially exploited."
Remember the new Play Store "My Apps" screen layout that we spotted in testing in a dogfood version in February? Well, that appears to be rolling out more widely now, possibly even to everyone. You may need to clear the Play Store's app data and restart it to see the change (which might revert you back to the old lime green color for a bit before it switches back to the new darker green, thought I'd warn you), but it should be working for everyone now based on the number of tips we've received and on testing with our own devices.
The new "Installed" tab has multiple sorting methods.
The new layout gives Updates their own tab in the apps and games screen, renames All to Library, and gives you several sorting methods for the Installed apps (alphabetical, last updated, last used, and size).
"Beta" is still there (left). "Library" has quick buttons to install or remove an app from your account (right).
There are a couple of other benefits too. One is that it's now easier to update certain apps only, since the Update button is clickable instead of requiring you to open the app's page first then tap on update. Two is that installing apps from your account is more obvious thanks to a new Installation button, so you don't need to tap and hold to select multiple apps anymore, you can just scroll and install whichever ones you want. And three is that you can refresh to check for updates instead of having to leave the Play Store and launch it again to trigger a check.
It's easier to update apps one by one (left) and new refresh to check for updates button (right).
Overall, there are plenty of benefits to this new layout and, as far as I can tell, no drawbacks at all. App addicts should find most of the changes very helpful.
The new layout wasn't showing up for me when I opened the Play Store, but as I said at the start of the article, I cleared data and that triggered the new look. It doesn't seem to require the newest version of the Play Store either (I'm on 7.7.08) so you might as well try it with whatever version you're running now to see if it works before updating to the newest one.
CHENNAI, India (AP) Daniil Medvedev made a successful debut at the Chennai Open on Monday, beating another first-timer Thiago Monteiro of Brazil 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the second round.
The 99th-ranked Medvedev's booming serves and powerful groundstrokes left the result in little doubt. Riding on his serve, the 20-year-old Russian hit eight aces – on top of several unreturnable ones- with the Brazilian left-hander only briefly rallying in the second set.
Medvedev next plays either eighth-seeded Yen-Hsun Lu or Radu Albot.
Fast-moving Dudi Sela of Israel kept Damir Dzumhur of Bosnia on the run with pinpoint ground strokes to post a comfortable 6-2, 6-2 win at the SDAT Nungambakkam stadium.
Sela faces the winner of the match between sixth-seeded Borna Coric and qualifier Hyeon Chung.
Belgian Steve Darcis quelled the challenge of Croatian qualifier Nikola Mektic 6-2, 6-3 to face third-seeded Spaniard Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the second round.
Top-seeded Marin Cilic had a first-round bye.
Image copyright Getty Images
It's a sensational story containing allegations of sleaze, psychological manipulation and data misuse that has provoked an internationally furious response.
Tech giant Facebook and data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica are at the centre of a dispute over the harvesting and use of personal data - and whether it was used to influence the outcome of the US 2016 presidential election or the UK Brexit referendum.
Both firms deny any wrongdoing.
How has Cambridge Analytica been accused of sleazy tactics?
Channel 4 News sent an undercover reporter to meet executives from data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica.
The firm had been credited with helping Donald Trump to presidential victory.
The reporter posed as a Sri Lankan businessman wanting to influence a local election.
Cambridge Analytica boss Alexander Nix was apparently filmed giving examples of how his firm could discredit political rivals by arranging various smear campaigns, including setting up encounters with prostitutes and staging situations in which apparent bribery could be caught on camera.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Alexander Nix, CEO, Cambridge Analytica: "This sort of tactics is very effective"
The firm denies all the claims and says the documentary was "edited and scripted to grossly represent the nature of those conversations". It claims the conversations were led by the reporters.
"I must emphatically state that Cambridge Analytica does not condone or engage in entrapment, bribes or so-called 'honeytraps', and nor does it use untrue material for any purpose," said Mr Nix.
What was Facebook's role?
In 2014 a quiz on Facebook invited users to find out their personality type.
Image copyright Getty Images
It was developed by University of Cambridge academic Aleksandr Kogan (the university has no connections with Cambridge Analytica).
As was common with apps and games at that time, it was designed to harvest not only the user data of the person taking part in the quiz, but also the data of their friends.
Facebook has since changed the amount of data developers can scrape in this way.
Christopher Wylie, who worked with Cambridge Analytica alleges that because 270,000 people took the quiz, the data of some 50 million users, mainly in the US, was harvested without their explicit consent via their friend networks.
Mr Wylie claims the data was sold to Cambridge Analytica, which then used it to psychologically profile people and deliver pro-Trump material to them.
Cambridge Analytica deny any of it was used as part of the services it provided to the Trump campaign.
Is this against Facebook's terms?
The data was gathered using Facebook's infrastructure at that time, and many other developers had taken advantage of it - but the data was not authorised for them to share with others.
The other key point is that even the people directly taking part in the personality quiz would have had no idea that they were potentially sharing their data with Donald Trump's election campaign.
Facebook say when they learned their rules had been breached, they removed the app and demanded assurances that the information had been deleted.
Cambridge Analytica claims that it never used the data, and deleted it when Facebook told it to.
Both Facebook and the UK Information Commissioner want to find out whether it was properly destroyed, as Mr Wylie claims it was not.
What has the official response been?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption There are calls for Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to testify before Congress
US senators have called on Mark Zuckerberg to testify before Congress about how Facebook will protect users.
The head of the European Parliament said it would investigate to see if the data was misused.
A spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said she was "very concerned" about the revelations.
How can you protect your data?
There are a few things to be aware of if you want to restrict who has access to your data.
Keep an eye on apps, especially those which require you to log in using your Facebook account - they often have a very wide range of permissions and many are specifically designed to pick up your data
Use an ad blocker to limit advertising
Look at your Facebook security settings and make sure you are aware of what is enabled. Check the individual app settings to see whether you have given them permission to view your friends as well as yourself.
You can download a copy of the data Facebook holds on you, although it is not comprehensive. There is a download button at the bottom of the General Account Settings tab. However bear in mind that your data may be less secure sitting on your laptop than it is on Facebook's servers, if your device is hacked.
You can of course, simply leave Facebook, but the campaign group Privacy International warns that privacy concerns extend beyond the social network.
"The current focus is on protecting your data being exploited by third parties, but your data is being exploited all the time," said a spokeswoman.
"Many apps on your phone will have permission to access location data, your entire phone book and so on. It is just the tip of the iceberg."
Image caption Carwyn Jones has been first minister and Welsh Labour leader since December 2009
The first minister's authority is "in tatters" following events after Carl Sargeant's death, one of Wales' leading political commentators has said.
Prof Richard Wyn Jones told BBC Wales Carwyn Jones' political authority had "ebbed away very substantially".
Mr Jones is facing two investigations following the ex-minister's death.
The former communities secretary was found dead four days after being sacked by Mr Jones over allegations of inappropriate conduct towards women.
One investigation is looking at the first minister's conduct around the sacking of Mr Sargeant, while the other is considering accusations of bullying in the Welsh Government in 2014.
Mr Jones has always insisted he could not have acted in any other way and had operated "by the book".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Prof Richard Wyn Jones says the first minister will find it "difficult to regain his previous stature"
But even if the investigations agree with the first minister's analysis, Prof Jones, of Cardiff University's Wales Governance Centre, said it could be too little too late.
He told the Sunday Politics Wales programme: "His authority is clearly in tatters, I don't think there's any doubt about that.
"And, actually, rebuilding it; even if he's exonerated - and I have no internal information at all - he may well be completely exonerated, but even if he is, I think it would be very difficult for him to regain his previous stature.
"I'm not saying this is fair. I'm not saying it's a good or a bad thing.
"I'm just observing that his political authority has ebbed, has flown away, slipped through his fingers.
"And the point about political authority is; once lost it's extremely difficult to get it back."
Image caption Theresa May has people defending her in a way Carwyn Jones does not, said Prof Jones
Prof Jones said he was surprised at the lack of allies willing to defend the first minister.
"I think one of the most striking things over the past few weeks is there are no outriders," he said.
"Carwyn Jones has absolutely nobody standing up in front of the camera defending him.
"Even Theresa May manages to find somebody to stand in front of a camera and defend her, we haven't seen that."
He added that it seemed the Labour Party had moved on and was looking to the future without Mr Jones at the helm.
"It's almost as if Carwyn Jones is old news in a sense," he said.
"There's the issue of when and how he departs, but the party does seem to have moved on to actually discussing the successor."
Sunday Politics Wales is on BBC One Wales on Sunday 4 February at 11:00 GMT.
The “Little Prince” took flight from 240 Central Park South, but the landlord may not want him to land there again. French aviator and best-selling author Antoine de Saint-Exupéry lived in...
We make no apologies for holding state agencies to the highest standards,” said James Allen, Gov. Cuomo's communications director. That'd be great — if the standard he had in mind...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Miley said she was "beyond bummed" to miss the ceremony
Miley Cyrus was set to attend the Teen Choice Awards on Sunday to receive the ceremony's top honour... but things didn't quite go according to plan.
The 24-year-old had been due to collect the Ultimate Choice Award at the ceremony in person.
But within minutes of the show's start, presenter Victoria Justice said Miley wasn't going to make it after all.
Writing on Instagram later, Miley said her absence was down to creating "an unrealistic schedule" for herself.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Victoria Justice presented the Teen Choice Awards this year
"To my dearest fans, I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with the Ultimate Choice Award!" the singer said in a post which made full use of the exclamation mark.
"I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show. I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honour!"
Not so bummed, however, that she couldn't use the same post to plug her new single.
In an announcement she'd presumably been planning to make at the ceremony, she revealed the release date for her new track Younger Now.
"I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen!" she said.
"I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because that's what we need most."
Previous winners of the Ultimate Choice prize include Selena Gomez, Ashton Kutcher and Taylor Swift.
The big winners at this year's ceremony, held in Los Angeles, included Wonder Woman, Finding Dory, Beauty and the Beast and Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2, which took home the major film prizes.
Riverdale and The Vampire Diaries were among the TV winners, while Ariana Grande, Ed Sheeran and Fifth Harmony took home music prizes.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
CAMBRIDGE – As North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump's war of words escalates, Independence Day celebrations – commemorating the Korean Peninsula's 1945 liberation from Japanese colonial rule – are unfolding in both North and South Korea. The occasion underscores not just the shared history between the two countries, but also the South's unique qualifications to bring about a peaceful resolution to the current military standoff.
As much as Kim may enjoy threatening the most powerful country in the world, the United States has never been North Korea's primary target. On the contrary, the North's real objective has always been to ensure the survival of the Kim regime and, in the longer term, to secure the reunification of the Korean Peninsula under that regime's leadership. South Korea thus faces the most acute danger, and has the strongest incentive to alleviate tensions with the North.
That goal will not be advanced by South Korea's annual joint military exercise with the US, Ulchi-Freedom Guardian (UFG), which is geared toward preparing both countries for a conflict with the North. On the contrary, with saber-rattling between North Korea and the US at an all-time high, the exercise – which will begin on August 21 – could escalate the conflict dramatically.
Even in normal times, North Korea reacts angrily to UFG. Last year, it tested its fifth nuclear device just after the exercises were held. But now that North Korea is overtly threatening to launch missiles at the US territory of Guam, and being further provoked by Trump, its response to another round of UFG could be less symbolic, and far more devastating.
If North Korea lashes out, the strategy of deterrence that underpins the US-South Korea alliance will have been fatally undermined. Deterrence means using a credible threat of serious punishment to prevent an opponent from initiating military engagement. And yet North Korea has already dismissed Trump's threats as a “load of nonsense.” If this month's war games trigger a military confrontation or an outright exchange of fire, deterrence will officially have failed.
The problem is that, even if Trump and Kim recognize the corner into which they have painted themselves, neither has the political space to backpedal on their threats without risking serious domestic and international humiliation.
Worse still, both leaders lack credibility in the eyes of the other, and of the world. China's leaders have long viewed Trump as unreliable, or “bu kaopu.” Now, Trump's emotional response to North Korea's actions has further reinforced that assessment, and given Chinese leaders even less of a reason to get involved in the drama. Even Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has been Trump's most steadfast supporter among East Asian leaders, is wary of the domestic political consequences of Trump's brinksmanship.
Of course, Japan, as North Korea's ultimate historical enemy, would have no leverage over Kim anyway. The only country with the credibility, leverage, and motivation to lead the way toward a peaceful resolution to the current crisis is South Korea. But South Korea has so far straddled the line between antagonism and diplomacy.
On the one hand, South Korea agrees with Trump on the need for tougher sanctions and military readiness, including full deployment of the US anti-ballistic missile defense system, known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD. On the other hand, it has indicated that it would be willing to engage in joint military talks and diplomatic dialogue with North Korea, and it even invited Kim's government to participate in a joint Independence Day celebration. (The North refused, citing the planned UFG.)
South Korea now needs to take a stronger approach. Rather than shove a weak opponent into a corner and risk them lashing out, South Korea should formally request an indefinite postponement of this year's UFG, which would be counterproductive and is not essential at this time. The US and South Korea already held massive joint exercises involving about 320,000 troops – more than six times the combined troop strength of the planned UFG – in March and April of this year, and in 2016.
During that period, the US also deployed a strike group, including the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, to the region, saying that it would counter “reckless acts of aggression” with “whatever methods the US wants to take.” The US also docked one of the largest nuclear-powered submarines in the world, the USS Michigan, in South Korea, and held “decapitation exercises” to prepare troops to infiltrate North Korea and eliminate Kim and his ruling cohort.
Simply put, this month's UFG exercises are far from critical to the US-South Korea alliance. By suspending them, South Korea would have an opportunity to pursue inter-Korean military-to-military dialogue with the North, while reinstating basic communications channels, including hotlines, which were cut off early last year. The South should also urge its northern counterpart to coordinate the commemoration of Independence Day, a near-sacred day for all Koreans, as a symbolic gesture of a unified Korean past and possible future.
To be sure, South Korean President Moon Jae-in's administration has already made such overtures, and to no avail. But it may be more successful if it can use a postponed UFG as leverage. In the event, South Korea would emerge as a legitimate broker in the conflict between the US and North Korea, rather than as a US lackey, as the Kim regime likes to view it. That would greatly improve the prospects of a future negotiation among the three actors, once things have cooled down.
South Korea, with its affinity to both the US and North Korea, is uniquely suited to defuse the current situation. The stakes are too high for it not to try.
Good News: The Time For Polite Debate On Gun Banning Is Over
When was it ever polite? The gun grabbers have been screeching about gun control, ie, banning guns from the possession of Other People, for a long time, much in the way they have been screeching about making Free Speech one sided. CNBC gives a platform to Ron Insana, their senior analyst and commentator
The time for polite debate on gun control is over It would seem that the time for polite debate about gun control is over. Of course, that could have been said many times in the last few decades, beginning in Austin in 1966, and later in Columbine, in Newtown, in Orlando and, of course, now in Las Vegas. The absolute horror of the Las Vegas massacre should finally make it abundantly clear, to any rational person, that the framers of the Constitution did not have the rights of Stephen Paddock in mind when crafting and drafting the Second Amendment.
Last time I checked, the 2nd Amendment didn't give people the right to use their Right to commit mass murder. Nope, just read it again, it doesn't.
We need a much more radical approach to the problems of guns in America.
What's more radical than calling for gun roundups and the abolition of the 2nd Amendment?
And yet, the NRA, “gun enthusiasts” and Second Amendment conservatives fight tooth and nail for the right to own any, and all, kinds of weapons, even if one's name is on a terror watch list or a person has a history of mental illness.
These old canards? Sheesh. Get some new material.
Among the more radical solutions that I would propose is for the Congress, the executive and judicial branches of government, in concert with the states, to clearly define what was, and is, meant by a “well-regulated militia,” and refine and re-define the Second Amendment to suit the times in which we live.
In other words, craft legislation to enact a gun grab from law abiding citizens. Isn't it funny how Democrats always go after the law abiding citizens, rather than the criminals? It's almost like they support criminals.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now It is clear that the Founding Fathers, who lived before the invention of the Gatling gun, could not have envisioned musket-armed civilians, who could fire only one round per minute, commanding the right to hunt turkeys, or humans, with modern ferocity.
Another canard, as the Founders envisioned a document that would last the test of time, which it has. But, here we go, in the very next paragraph
Hence, a total, outright ban on semi-automatic and fully automatic weapons seems not only reasonable but also necessary.
So, the vast majority of guns, since few use revolvers and bolt action (or similar style) rifles. They want to take away the nice, light, easy to use weapons that many women use to protect themselves from the violent criminals enabled by soft on crime Democratic Party policies. I wonder if Insana even understands what a sem-automatic weapon actually is.
And, since this is CNBC, Insana wants investors to make a difference
But investors should challenge these merchants of death. They have done so with other so-called “sin stocks,” like tobacco and alcohol companies. They have fought the actions of large corporate polluters or companies whose carbon footprints are unreasonably large. They have brought about positive changes by being true activist investors, not angling for some financially engineered profit, but by making companies more accountable.
Good luck with that.
There also needs to be a massive cultural campaign to re-educate the gun-toting, testosterone-fueled population who believe that carrying a gun is “manly.”
Recently, the largest growing classes of people purchasing firearms, primarily for self defense, are women and those in the LGBT community. But, it's cute how Insana wants the Government to use propaganda, like the Soviet Union and communist China (and Nazi Germany) to force change to Wrongthink, something the Founders were dead set against.
There's only so much I can excerpt, and plenty more nutty gun grabbing in the article. It's funny, Democrats get upset when we say that they're trying to grab our guns, right before they tell us they want to grab our guns. (not their own guns, of course)
Crossed at Pirate's Cove. Follow me on Twitter @WilliamTeach.
Brad Pitt's new military movie is at war with itself The new Netflix movie “War Machine” is half dark, deliciously topical political satire and half somber portrait of a flailing counterinsurgency effort. The two don't mesh well, and given the...
Neighbor sues Anthony Michael Hall for assault and battery In court filings, Samson accused Hall of negligence, assault, battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress and negligent infliction of emotional stress.
Anthony Michael Hall facing 7 years for neighbor fight Hall allegedly slammed his neighbor to the ground, leaving him with a broken wrist and an injured back.
Refinery29 took a trip down pop culture memory lane to recreate some of Rihanna's most iconic beauty looks.
From the edgy asymmetric bob she rocked in 2009's “Umbrella” music video to her regal all gold everything Met Gala look circa 2015, she's delivered tons of inspiration over the years.
How do you think they did?
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine officials say the government is considering adding airports to serve the capital Manila and nearby areas, including a sprawling airport city complex that could handle 100 million passengers a year.
Manila's congested international airport once was dubbed the world's worst airport in surveys by travel website The Guide to Sleeping in Airports.
Improvements have allowed it to escape that listing since 2015, but it remains overly congested.
Transport Undersecretary Roberto Lim said a multi-airport system could include the present airport in Manila, an expanded Clark airport northwest of the capital that could handle 8 million passengers per year, another 2,500-hectare (6,177.5 acre) airport in Bulacan, also north of Manila, and possibly yet another airport and seaport in the former U.S. naval station in Cavite province adjacent to Manila.
Video
About £130,000 has been raised so bells at a church in Suffolk can chime for the first time in 200 years.
One of the bells has been purchased by Lesley Ford-Platt in memory of her son, Michael, who died aged 30 in 2010.
Transcript for Trump faces backlash for remarks on Charlottesville attack
hate and eventually murder. Thank you. Many closely watching the White House's response to the charlottesville violence, President Trump facing criticism from members of his own party for condemning hatred and violence on, quote, many sides without mentioning white nationalists and then putting out a statement on Sunday specifically condemning white supremacists for the attack. The White House last night, hundreds gathered to show solidarity with the charlottesville victims. Let's go to our senior White House correspondent Cecilia Vega for more on all this. Good morning, Cecilia. Reporter: Robin, good morning. This is a president who is often quick to call out people and groups by name. But not in the wake of what happened in charlottesville. This morning, President Trump under fire for not going far enough. We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides. Reporter: His comments following the violence in charlottesville drawing backlash from even allies in his own party. I think clearly he should talk out much more aggressively about it. Reporter: Under pressure the White House forced to try to clarify. An administration official insisting on anonymity releasing this statement saying the president condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and, of course, that includes white supremacists, kkk, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. The vice president echoing that. We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-nazis or the kkk. Reporter: But the president not saying those words himself. Mr. President, do you want the support of these white nationalist groups who say they support you, Mr. President? Reporter: At his bedminster golf club, no comment. Have you denounced them strongly enough? I certainly think any time that you commit an attack against people to incite fear it is terrorism. Reporter: And his short-lived communications director Anthony scaramucci ousted after just 11 days on the job adding to the sgleet I wouldn't have recommended that statement. I think he needed to be much harsher as it related to the white supremacists and the nature of that. Reporter: Now the president had promised a big press conference today where you can bet this question of would he and should he be going farther on this issue of neo-nazis would be question number one but, robin, there is no press conference on his public schedule for today. Unclear whether there will be one. Thank you. David. Robin, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Each day we feature an interesting photograph shared with us from across England.
If you are looking for inspiration, view some top tips from three of England's Big Picture photographers.
Image copyright Andrea Heribanova Image caption Andrea Heribanova took this photograph of a Perseid meteor shower at Beachy Head, East Sussex. Andrea says: "The Milky Way was visible with the naked eye and I was lucky to see loads of shooting stars. What a spectacular show"
How to submit a picture
Email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. There is a recent archive of pictures on our England's Big Picture board on Pinterest.
When emailing pictures, please make sure you include the following information:
The full name of the person who took the pictures (as this person owns the copyright);
Confirmation that the copyright holder gives permission for the BBC to use their pictures across all its outputs;
The location, date and time that the pictures were taken;
Your telephone number so we can get back to you if we have any further questions;
Any other details about the pictures that may be useful for us to know.
Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures, we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week.
Terms and conditions
If you submit a picture, you do so in accordance with the BBC's Terms and Conditions.
In contributing to England's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way that we want, and in any media worldwide.
It's important to note, however, that you still own the copyright to everything you contribute to England's Big Picture, and that if your image is accepted, we will publish your name alongside.
The BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: adomonline.com
Kennedy Agyapong, MP for Assin North
A 40 year-old man who allegedly impersonated the Member of Parliament for Assin Central in the Central Region, Kennedy Agyapong is in the grips of the Assin Fosu Police.
Adom News' Alfred Amoh reported that the suspect, Kojo Aboagye was caught while collecting monies from the town folks and its surrounding communities in the name of Kennedy Agyapong.
The Assin New Patriotic Party (NPP) Chairman, Nana Kwasi Amoah who revealed to Adom News' Alfred said the suspect was able to collect as much as GHC1,750 from the residents in with the aim of providing them with electricity meters, cloths, and rice as a token of appreciation for the party's victory and Christmas bonuses.
“We were there on Thursday when this man came in the name of Kennedy Agyapong asking the people in the community to pay an amount and provide them with electricity and other items in appreciation for the victory of the NPP.
“So he went through the towns and was able to collect monies from some residents and always making reference to Kennedy Agyapong but we didn't understand why an MP will give us electricity and later take money from us and that is why he was able to deceive the people” he said.
He said the suspect was arrested upon a tip off by some residents who nearly became victims.
He is currently in the grips of the police assisting with investigations.
Meanwhile, the Assin Fosu Police has declined to comment on the issue explaining that they have commenced investigations into the matter.
Click on attached audio for full report
Despite looking like a horrific hairy monster, Dan Stevens managed to charm audiences worldwide as the beast in Disney's live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast. And while that was no small feat, he'll be faced with an even more difficult task in his upcoming, action-packed sci-fi saga Kill Switch — as we begin to discover in Yahoo Movies‘ exclusive clip from the film (watch it above).
In Tim Smit's visual effects-heavy directorial debut, which is indebted to the style of modern video games, Stevens is Will Porter, a man who exists in a near future where everything is powered by energy harnessed by a gargantuan tower owned by Alterplex. Alas, it turns out that the tower is actually destroying a mirror Earth known as “The Echo,” and Will (an Air Force and NASA alum) has been chosen to rectify this calamitous situation — leading to a moral dilemma of global proportions. Before he's faced with that predicament, however, he's questioned intensely by his potential Alterplex employers, who make him a mysterious (and tantalizingly lucrative) offer: “an opportunity to explore impossible frontiers.”
With a recent resume that includes not only the Disney blockbuster musical but also indies Colossal and The Ticket (as well as FX's Marvel TV series Legion), Stevens is fashioning a diverse big- and small-screen career. Kill Switch arrives in select theaters on June 16.
‘Kill Switch': Watch the previously released ‘Who's They?' clip:
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
COLUMBIANA COUNTY, Ohio (WYTV) – County Road 430 (Calcutta Smith Ferry) is restricted near the Pennsylvania state line for an emergency landslide repair project, according to the Ohio Department of Transportation.
The project is scheduled to be completed mid-September.
Two-way traffic will be maintained in one lane with temporary traffic signals.
ODOT's contractor for this $225,000 project is Alan Stone Co. Inc., which is based in Cutler, Ohio.
Although the executive order doesn't mention Amazon explicitly, the surprise move is clearly connected to Trump's recent Twitter fusillades and his conviction that the USPS loses $1.50 per package in a "Post Office scam" costing "Billions of Dollars."
Trump maintains that the service does not make money on the packages it delivers for Amazon, even though the postal service's annual report notes that "mail volume declines for the year were somewhat offset by growth in package volume."
Amazon is the frequent target of Trump's ire: In the past, he has accused Amazon of harming retailers and having "a huge anti-trust problem."
Trump has also linked the e-commerce giant with another property owned by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos — the Washington Post, which Trump calls "Amazon's 'chief lobbyist,'' and "the Fake News Washington Post."
The tweets have dinged Amazon's stock price and raised new questions about administrative overreach into the private sector.
Professor Rick Geddes, a postal service expert and Director of the Cornell Program in Infrastructure Policy at Cornell University, said the "Amazon flap" is exacerbated because the agreements the USPS makes with large mailers are "secret" and not open to review outside the Postal Regulatory Commission.
"Then we could tell if the postal service is losing money," delivering packages for Amazon, he told NBC News, noting that any profits on parcel delivery may not take into account all the institutional costs the postal service incurs.
A 2017 Citigroup study estimated that the U.S. Postal Service loses money on parcels delivered for online shippers and charges below-market rates.
Amazon didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Junior B hockey's Pelham Panthers and Thorold Blackhawks were reminded that baseball legend Yogi Berra knew what he was talking about when he said “it ain't over 'til it's over.”
With 9:05 remaining in regulation and the host team seemingly out of it after falling behind 5-0, the Blackhawks appeared well on their way to their third win in a row.
On Sunday those appearances were deceiving, to say the least.
Pelham scored five answered goals, the last on the power play 31 seconds into overtime, for a 7-6 win to snap a three-game losing streak.
The come-from-behind victory was the Panthers' first win against former coach Scott Barnes after starting the season series versus the Blackhawks with two losses in regulation.
Barnes purchased the Thorold franchise and installed himself as head coach during the off-season.
Goals were scored in waves except for one. An afternoon contest that did nothing for goals-against averages or save percentages began with Thorold jumping out to that large lead.
That was followed by a mini run of two goals by Pelham and, after the Blackhawks interrupted that offensive flow, five goals by the Panthers to clinch the win.
Chris Webber led Pelham with three goals, including the game-winner. Matt Ruigrok, with two goals, Noah Caperchione and Kurt Villani rounded out the scoring for the Panthers, who outshot the Blackhawks 40-30.
Daniel Lowe, with three goals in a row in the first period for a natural trick, Brandon Charlton, two, and Blair Jenkins scored for Thorold.
Pelham went 3-for-9 on the power play; Thorold, 2-for-5.
The Panthers improved their seventh-place record in the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League's nine-team Golden Horseshoe Conference to 10-18-1-2.
They enter the week three points ahead of the Fort Erie Meteors, 8-17-1-3, and three points behind the Welland Jr. Canadians, 11-15-3-1.
The Blackhawks dropped to 11-12-3-3, good enough for fifth in the Golden Horseshoe, three points ahead of Welland.
The Jr. Canadians had an opportunity to keep pace with Thorold in Sunday night action on the Golden Horseshoe schedule. However, Welland's home game against the cellar-dwelling Buffalo Regals, 1-26-0-3, was postponed due to inclement weather in western New York.
The Jr. Canadians lead the season series against the league's only U.S.-based team three wins to none.
Date for a makeup game has yet to be announced by the league.
One conference game is on tap for Tuesday. The league-leading Caledonia Corvairs, 25-3-0-1, are at Buffalo for a 7 p.m. faceoff, weather permitting.
bfranke@postmedia.com
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
The deadline is looming for government agencies as the Minister for Maori development looks to finalise the Crown's Maori Language Strategy.
The opposition says it will have serious concerns if the deadline at the end of the month is not met.
The Minister for Māori Development Nanaia Mahuta expects the Crown's draft strategy by the end of the month.
"I've told them to hurry up, so we can progress quickly," says Mahuta.
National Spokesman for Māori Development, Nuk Korako says two years is plenty of time.
"If it goes beyond the month that the Honourable Nanaia Mahuta is saying then I would be really concerned that this is going to get lost actually- if they don't keep paddling that waka forward together," says Korako.
Last month the Māori Language Commission was questioned about Maihi Karauna delays by the Māori Affairs Select Committee. At the time the strategy was with Te Puni Kōkiri, which was working alongside seven other groups.
Māori Language Commission Chief Executive Ngahiwi Apanui says, “some would say it is like herding cats. We accept this is the way it is and we can't do anything about that but the strategy is nearly complete".
Mr Apanui says government agency CEOs will meet for the first time to discuss the strategy come Thursday, where an agreement will need to be reached before the end of the meeting so Te Puni Kokiri can provide the draft to the minister.
You can even tell Siri you love her. Be prepared for a full-on response. Ian Waldie / Bloomberg/Getty Images
It turns out that Apple's Siri is a big softie when it comes to Valentine's Day.
Whether you're looking for some love advice or want to probe deeper into Siri's own love life, you can now ask the trusty assistant a number of love-related queries.
Ask Siri if it has a boyfriend or girlfriend and you'll get some insight into your personal assistant's virtual life.
It seems even Siri can be commitment-phobic — other than to you, of course. We tried asking about its love life and were told: "My end-user license agreement is commitment enough for me."
Related: 5 Ways a Smart Assistant Can Transform Your Morning
If you'd like answer to some of life's deeper questions, try asking, "Siri, what is love?" Or if you'd like a look into your own future, ask Siri, "When will I find true love?"
For the big day itself, you can also ask Siri to help you find a restaurant, make a reservation, or pick a playlist suitable for lovebirds. And if your hands are otherwise occupied, just tell Siri to take a selfie and she'll pull up the camera.
Or, if you're in a pinch, ask Siri for a quick pick-up line. You're bound to get a piece of wisdom — or at least a laugh.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian military has hosted a delegation of United Nations officials at its main anti-mine facility.
The United Nations' delegation was led by Jean-Pierre Lacroix, a French diplomat who serves as the U.N. Under-Secretary-General for peacekeeping operations.
The Russian Defense Ministry said they discussed prospects for cooperation and joint action with the U.N. during Monday's visit.
Lacroix hailed the Russian expertise in mine clearing operations. He noted that the U.N. expects to develop cooperation with Russia in the area of peacekeeping.
Col. Igor Mikhailik, the head of the anti-mine center outside Moscow, briefed the U.N. delegation on the Russian field engineers in Syria, where they cleared over 6,500 hectares (more than 16,000 acres) of land and more than 17,000 buildings from mines.
Image copyright Balfour Beatty Image caption The plans cover junctions three to 12 of the M4 and are expected cost up to £860m
Plans for what will be the longest stretch of "smart motorway" in England will go on show ahead of work starting on the M4 in September.
The 32-mile (51km) stretch of road between London and Theale in Berkshire will be widened in both directions with four lanes.
Eleven bridges over the M4 will be demolished and rebuilt and four more carrying the motorways over roads, railways and rivers will be widened.
The project will cost up to £862.4m
So-called smart motorways operate also use a range of new technology, including electronic signs, to vary speed limits in response to driving conditions and to reduce congestion.
The work on the M4 between junctions three to 12 is expected to be completed by March 2022.
Highways England said the road was currently "prone to congestion" and had on average 130,000 vehicles a day travelling on it.
Safety concerns were previously raised by the RAC over the lack of a hard shoulder, leaving motorists in a vulnerable position if there was a breakdown.
Highway England said "places of relative safety will be every 1.12 miles on average and no more than 1.6 miles apart".
Every year, technological titans and scrappy startups alike descend on Las Vegas to show off the amazing products they've been quietly toiling away on all year – and offer consumers a glimpse at the future. There's something new lurking around every corner at CES, the annual consumer electronics show in Las Vegas, and with 32 football fields worth of show floor, there are a lot of corners. We're proud to say we turned them all to bring you the most comprehensive coverage you'll find anywhere.
Ferrara said he went to rehab near Naples and, after getting sober, met wife Christina.
Freshman Marissa Oakley scored career-bests on both beam (pictured above) and bars in Georgia's win over Missouri. Steffenie Burns Georgia Sports Communications
Bill Parcells: Belichick and I were too busy to visit Jets locker room The Two Bills were … tired of filming. Bill Parcells offered his explanation for a scene in ESPN's latest “30 for 30” that raised eyebrows after airing Thursday night, in...
Bill Belichick, Bill Parcells would like to forget Jets in ESPN doc “The Two Bills,” ESPN's latest “30-for-30” documentary is as much about the relationship between Bill Parcells and Bill Belichick as a look at how each man's decisions influenced the other's...
Doug Pederson's go-for-broke style could give Patriots fits BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — The gunslinger doesn't cower, doesn't hesitate to reach for his holster and draw, always trusts his trigger finger, and Super Bowl LII is no time and no...
Giants have to make a run at Bill Belichick amid Patriots strife It is, for now, a pipe dream that Giants fans can't help but smoke: Bill Belichick in a blue hoodie standing on the sidelines at MetLife Stadium, chants of “Dee-Fense”...
What Bill Parcells' 1990 Giants can teach this Eagles team Bill Parcells spent a good part of his Giants coaching career shattering the Super Bowl dreams of the Eagles and the city of Philadelphia. Carson Wentz suffering that torn ACL...
Mike Francesa on Parcells relationship, brother's suicide and one amazing run New York sports radio legend Mike Francesa took a break before his final week on WFAN for some Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby. Q: You have a time machine:...
Creating the all-time Giants team, led by the greatest The Giants are one of the NFL's signature franchises, with a history filled with memorable moments and great players. Here is The Post's All-Time New York Giants team: Offense Quarterback:...
Giants greats agree: This defense can be better than us, if ... When you speak to the players and coaches from the great Giants defenses of the past, you quickly sense the unmistakable and unbreakable bond they share. All these years removed...
Coughlin over Parcells? Ranking best coaches in NY sports history There are few managers or coaches in recent memory who have gotten the town talking the way Terry Collins has, and does, sometimes in good ways, often in bad ways,...
23-time Grand Slam champion Serena Williams says she felt like a "superhero" in the black catsuit she wore during the win over Kristyna Pliskova at the French Open.
READ MORE: 'Most' players against seeding protection
Irvine's girls water polo team, which finished second in the Pacific Coast League, moved on in the CIF Division 3 playoffs, defeating Foothill Technology of Ventura, 7-3, Tuesday afternoon in a wild card match at the Woollett Aquatics Center.
The Vaqueros (12-16) were scheduled to move on to face Santiago of Corona Wednesday in the opening round.
Jessica Thompson scored two goals for Irvine. Teak Hahn, Abby Lee, Emma Hank, Kaitlyn Tsou and Tawni Gellerman added one goal each for the Vaqueros, who led, 2-1, at halftime and then extended their lead to 5-2 going into the final quarter.
Irvine played without its head coach Scott Hinman, who is out on medical leave, according to his wife, Barbie Hinman. Hinman's daughter, Crystal Hinman, who has been an assistant at Irvine for three years, ran the team.
“With the head coach being gone, it's been a struggle for the girls,” said Crystal Hinman. “They're starting to come together and support themselves a little bit more and talk to each other and not have to actually rely on the coach which is nice to see them taking charge in the game.
“We're seeing that in the game where they are communicating and calling plays a little bit more instead of waiting for coach Hinman or myself to yell and tell them to do something. So it's nice to see them take the initiative and I'm hoping it carries on to tomorrow and we still have the teamwork going and we play as well as we did today.”
Crystal Hinman was looking forward to providing an update for her father.
“I'm excited to tell him when I get home,” Crystal Hinman said.
Barbie Hinman also had the game videotaped so that Scott Hinman would be able to watch it.
It's not known when Hinman, who has been out a couple weeks, will be able to resume coaching and teaching duties at Irvine.
Contact the writer: tiburt@scng.com
St Helens star Alex Walmsley has ended speculation over his future after signing a new four-year deal with the club.
The 27-year-old had been strongly linked with a move to the NRL at the end of the season after catching the eye of clubs Down Under after an impressive World Cup campaign with England.
St George Illawarra Dragons were among those heavily linked with the forward, but he has signed a new contract that will keep him with the club until the end of the 2022 season.
It comes as a significant boost to head coach Justin Holbrook, who had stressed the importance of keeping the powerhouse at the club.
“Alex is the leader in our pack and this contract means we can continue to build around him for the foreseeable future,” Holbrook said.
“He has tremendous go forward and work-rate to go alongside his professional attitude and standard he sets for the younger members of our squad. His story should also serve as a message to those in all levels of our game.
“It is a massive bonus for our club to have Alex re-sign on the eve of the 2018 season. There has been a lot of interest from clubs in the NRL and deservedly so. I believe Alex is the best forward in Super League and showed his qualities even further for England in the recent World Cup.
“Alex is not only a fantastic player but more importantly a tremendous person and the fact he has decided to extend his contract with us proves to our club and the Community that he loves playing for St Helens.
“I know he will be doing his absolute best to make us successful now and in the future.
“I am personally very excited about having Alex remain at the club and all Saints fans should be also.”
Walmsley's professional career started at Batley Bulldogs before joining the Saints in 2013. He has made 147 appearances in the red vee, winning the Grand Final in 2014 and earning a Man of Steel nomination a year later.
“This is superb news not only for the St Helens club but for the British game,” Saints Chairman Eamonn McManus said.
“Alex is an international class player who has been at the forefront of the sport over the last few seasons.
“He has established himself as one of the best forwards in the game and it is fair to say he can only get better too.
“We know Alex was courted by several NRL clubs and I have no doubt that this signing will be a boost for everyone in Super League.”
Six children are among those in serious condition in Toronto, after a crash near Stayner. Police say a passenger van with Texas plates veered from the north to the southbound lanes of Highway 26 just outside of Stayner, around 1:45 Friday afternoon, striking a coach bus from Hamilton. OPP Sgt. Peter Leon says six children, two four-year-olds, two six-year-olds, and two children aged 8, and 15 were transported to area hospital before being airlifted for treatment in Toronto. Two adults in the van also suffered serious injuries, with Clearview Fire first on scene to perform extracations on the victims. There were 41 children on the coach bus, along with three adult chaperones and a bus driver; Clearview Fire reported only minor injuries to a few. The entire group spent some time at the Stayner Arena, with food and water provided by the Stayner Lions while a substitute bus was sent. The group was sent enroute home to Hamilton in the late afternoon, while Highway 26 didn't reopen until around 8:00 Friday evening.
Photo courtesy: @OPP_CR
Two important wetlands have been protected in Alberta and Saskatchewan by the Nature Conservancy of Canada.
The not-for-profit land conservation group says it has been gifted 593 hectares on the northwest shore of Gough Lake, about 125 kilometres east of Red Deer.
Known as the Ferrier property, it contains 104 hectares of wetlands and shoreline habitat that's good for deer, small mammals, grassland birds, shorebirds and waterfowl.
In Saskatchewan, the Nature Conservancy has purchased 65 hectares just north of Good Spirit Provincial Park near Yorkton.
The Spirit Creek property supports a number of waterfowl species, as well as other birds and wildlife.
The protections, which are supported by the provincial and federal governments, come on World Wetlands Day.
Lady Gaga has canceled the remaining 10 dates of her European tour because of "severe pain."
On her Twitter account Saturday, the Grammy winner said she was devastated at having to pull out from the rest of her "Joanne World Tour" concerts in Europe, including gigs in London and Paris, because of fibromyalgia, the condition she suffers from. She said she had to put "myself and my well-being" first.
Singer Lady Gaga attends a press conference about "Gaga: Five Foot Two" during the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival on Sept. 8, 2017. Valerie Macon / AFP/Getty Images
"I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it," Lady Gaga wrote. "All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music. My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home."
Live Nation said the singer was in the hands of expert medical care. Her team said she had "made the tough decision to immediately come off the road." The team added the medical team are "working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come."
Concert dates in London, Manchester, Zurich, Cologne, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris and Berlin have been pulled. Live Nation said ticket holders will be able to get a refund.
"I promise I will be back in your city, but for now I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you, forever," Lady Gaga tweeted.
Last September, the singer canceled a concert in Rio de Janeiro, also citing pain severe enough that she had to be hospitalized.
"I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this is beyond my control," she tweeted Saturday.
Earlier this week she posted pictures and video of her performance in Birmingham, England (below). The star has a 74-date residency in Las Vegas at the MGM Park Theater that is scheduled to start in late 2018.
Girls Flock Around Me For Snapchat And Insta Story — Falz
Discussing his current relationship status on a new interview with Hip TV, rapper Falz, talked about the reason so many ladies flock around him, trying everything within their power to gain his attention. According to the SOFT WORK crooner, who revealed the exact attribute he wants in a woman, girls only flock around just so he …
The post Girls Flock Around Me For Snapchat And Insta Story — Falz appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright EPA Image caption Haut de la Garenne was named the "house of horrors" after being at the centre of many of the allegations of child abuse
Nearly all members of the public consulted over whether to demolish a building at the centre of decades of abuse said it should be kept.
Jersey's Haut de la Garenne children's home was named the "house of horrors" after being at the centre of abuse allegations in the care system.
The demolition of the building was one of the recommendations in the Jersey Care Inquiry, released last year.
Out of the 850 responses, 94% said they wanted the building to stay.
'Lucky ones'
A citizens' panel formed to determine how the failures of Jersey's historic child care system should be recognised and remembered voted unanimously against demolition.
The panel included a "significant" number of survivors of the Jersey care system.
In a joint statement, they said: "We are the lucky ones, we survived - we will carry the physical and mental scars with us for the rest of our lives, but we survived.
"We, the people of Jersey, must ensure that this is never allowed to happen again."
Among their recommendations, members of the panel suggested the creation of a memorial in Royal Square, the emblem of a butterfly for the care legacy, and the marking of 3 July - the date the inquiry report was released last year - as Jersey Children's Day.
PHOENIX (AP) - Donovan Mitchell scored 40 points, one shy of his career high, and the Utah Jazz won their fourth in a row with a 129-97 rout of the Phoenix Suns on Friday night.
The Jazz rookie sensation made 14 of 19 shots and a career-best seven 3s in nine attempts. It was the sixth game of at least 30 points in his young NBA career.
Ricky Rubio had 14 points, nine assists and six rebounds for the Jazz. Joe Ingles added 16 points, including 4-of-6 3s, and Derrick Favors had 12 points and 10 rebounds.
Josh Jackson led the Suns with 20 points. Devin Booker, still bothered by bruised ribs, scored 18 points for Phoenix but on 7-of-24 shooting. He missed all seven of his 3s. Dragan Bender added 16 points and nine rebounds.
The Jazz, who hadn't played since their 30-point home win over Golden State on Tuesday night, opened a four-game trip in dominating fashion.
The Suns' only lead was 2-0.
Utah scored 14 straight points to go up 24-8 before Bender came off the bench for eight first-quarter points and Phoenix finished the first quarter with a 12-2 run to cut the lead to 28-23.
The Suns never got any closer. Mitchell sank a 3-pointer, was fouled by Booker, and made the free throw for a four-point play, igniting a 12-0 run that put Utah up 53-33 on Rubio's 3.
The Jazz led 62-40 at the half. They were up by 36 during the third quarter and 41 in the fourth.
Mitchell almost certainly would have topped his career best but left the game for good with 6:54 to play.
It was the most one-sided loss for Phoenix since Jay Triano took over as interim coach three games into the season.
TIP-INS
Jazz: Mitchell will participate in the Rising Stars Challenge and the Skills Challenge on All-Star weekend. ... Mitchell's career high is 41 against New Orleans on Jan. 24. ... Rubio has five career triple-doubles, none with Utah. ... Utah's largest margin of victory this season was 47 points against Washington on Dec. 4.
Suns: Booker was 2 for 2 at the foul line to break the franchise record for consecutive free throws made in a season at 58. Kevin Johnson (1989-90) and Mike Bratz (1980) shared the previous record of 57. ... Suns signed guard Josh Gray to a 10-day contract. Gray had been with the Northern Arizona Suns of the G-League. He scored seven points, all in the fourth quarter, in his NBA debut. ... Center Alex Len (right ankle soreness) did not play for the second straight game and has missed five of the last six.
UP NEXT
Jazz: at San Antonio Spurs Saturday night.
Suns: Host Charlotte Hornets on Sunday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Luis Fonsi had one of 2017's biggest hits, but his UK record company didn't release his CD
Something odd is happening to the music industry in the era of streaming.
Age-old commercial strategies are being overturned as record companies big and small fight to adjust to the new technological reality.
Nowadays, physical albums that might previously have shifted hundreds of thousands of units are not even being released because no-one thinks they will sell.
Take, for instance, the case of Despacito, Luis Fonsi's Latin pop hit that was one of the biggest songs of 2017. It topped the charts for weeks in the UK, but strangely, there was no hit album to go with it.
It wasn't for lack of material. Fonsi may be a newcomer to British music fans, but in Latin music circles, his career stretches back 20 years, so it would have been child's play to cobble together the greatest hits CD and rush it to the shops.
In fact, that's what happened in France, where the album Despacito and My Greatest Hits made the top three and has spent more than 30 weeks on the charts.
Fonsi's record company, Polydor, said it was "not prepared to discuss the matter" with the BBC and would not give any reasons for not releasing the CD in the UK. But if label bosses thought it was commercially viable, they would presumably have put it out.
So why are albums that would once have been considered sure-fire sales winners no longer being marketed?
Tipping point
In the UK, 2017 was the year in which streaming rose to account for more than half of music consumption - 50.4%, to be exact - up from just 36.4% the year before.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Did Spotify kill the greatest hits disc?
Physical albums on CD and vinyl now make up just over one-third of the market, with the rest coming from digital downloads.
In France, streaming's share of the market has not yet reached that magic tipping point, accounting for 46%, while physical sales still make up 45% of the market.
For the time being, that makes it more worthwhile to put out physical CDs in France that wouldn't make it to the release schedule in the UK.
But increasingly, the decline of physical product means the end of compilations that span an artist's career and cherry-pick the best tunes: the "greatest hits" albums that used to be a reliable cash-cow for record companies.
Online music magazine Pitchfork saw this trend coming a couple of years back.
"In the digital era, once a catalogue enters a streaming service or an MP3 store, there's no need for a reissue and, therefore, there's no reason for a label to mine the vaults," according to contributor Stephen Thomas Erlewine.
"Users can assemble their own personalised greatest hits playlists or just scan through an act's most accessed songs."
Curated collections
So does this mean that the music reissue market is dead? Well, not exactly.
In the past, album collections were aimed at a general audience that had a casual interest in the music and was not prepared to wade through every album by a singer or band.
Now they are designed for a specialist audience that wants to dig deeper.
That means multi-disc box sets that are not so much compiled as "curated", often with a weighty book attached that contains archive photos and a mini-history lesson of the artist's career. The key is context, something that a streaming service can never provide.
Image copyright Nick Pickles/BBC Image caption The Fall's entire singles collection is one of Cherry Red's most notable recent releases
Independent record company Cherry Red was one of many small labels founded during the punk and new wave era of the late 1970s, but in more recent times, it has flourished by compiling and reissuing music from a wide range of genres.
Sometimes these are collections by a single artist. But the label also specialises in themed releases that sum up the history of a genre or even a place, as with its two box sets covering the development of the Manchester and Liverpool music scenes in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Its chairman, Iain McNay, explains that as the market has changed, its releases have become more elaborate.
"We started doing a lot of catalogue releases about 25 years ago," he says. "We would do a CD with two or three bonus tracks, a booklet with details of the band, and that kind of worked. Now you have to do something special.
"With a box set, it tells a story. It has to look beautiful, it can't just look like a plain old CD. The music is special, but the packaging has to be special too."
Different world
Perhaps the ultimate "greatest hits" album among Cherry Red's recent releases comes from a band who have rarely troubled the top 40 charts. It's a massive seven-CD box set featuring the A-side and B-side of every single released by the Fall from 1978 to 2016.
Putting the collection together involved rounding up tracks released by eight other record companies, including one of the majors, Universal.
"The three majors live in a different world from us," says Mr McNay. "They have a different business structure, they have higher overheads. They're very much geared to finding the new Ed Sheeran.
"Their break-even on a release is far higher than ours. We can break even on 2,000 copies - they can't do that."
Image copyright Sarah Jeynes/BBC Image caption There is life beyond Ed Sheeran for the music industry
As a result, he says, the major labels are happy to license material from their vaults that they could not reissue profitably themselves.
"We have a good relationship with them and they appreciate that," he says. "It kind of works for both sides, really. It's all about something that works for the consumer."
Despite the rise of streaming, Mr McNay doesn't think that CD and vinyl formats are doomed.
"The physical won't die," he says. "It's not getting support from the majors, because they're really into streaming, but people are still going to buy physical albums.
"We've just got to make sure that we give them something as comprehensive and beautiful and informative as we can."
Apparently, it is more comforting to pad the walls at home instead of banging their heads in a St. Louis hotel room for a few days agonizing over how this magnificent season of Stanley Cup aspirations is swirling down the drain of an awful week.
The tattered playbook for confronting 0-3 series deficits offers clichés and rote wisdom like Yoda preaching about conquering the dark side and living to fight another day.
"One shift at a time, you must focus."
"One period at a time, you must win."
"One game at a time, you must take."
Right now, it feels more like keeping up appearances for the patient while completing paperwork with the hospice nurse.
Coach Bruce Boudreau gathered his coaching staff for another video session Monday morning, hoping his best and brightest can strategize Minnesota out of the Blues' choke hold and somehow prove that one of the NHL's most prolific offenses is not a total fraud.
He told his stunned players after their 3-1 Game 3 loss on Easter Sunday to stay home, hoping they disengage from the suffocating pressure and chilling reality that it might be over after Game 4 Wednesday night back at Scottrade Center.
"If you've been in this business long enough, you're not going to take your mind off it; it's an impossibility," Boudreau said during a lonely news conference at Xcel Energy Center. "You live with these 24 hours. You go to bed thinking about it. You wake up in the middle of the night thinking about it. You wake up in the morning thinking about it and how you can correct it."
The nightmare is all-too familiar with this vexing team in this championship-starved market.
Just when you think it is safe to believe, to invest forsaken faith and hard-earned treasure, the 106-point Wild revert to the underperforming, overwhelmed group that has exited meekly in the first or second rounds the last four postseasons.
Sunday's first period was a classic example of the Wild collectively looking for the other guy to stand and deliver. Urgency that produced a dominant performance in a Game 1 loss resurfaced in the second period, when the Wild finally exploited their speed advantage, found a pathway around the Blues' mountainous defensemen and crashed the net for more potent scoring chances.
Finishing, however, remains elusive when it matters most. Deserving has nothing to do with it when you score three goals in three games.
A soft goal allowed, a bad penalty taken, a power-play goal allowed Sunday and Minnesota found itself chasing all over again. The Wild have not had a lead in almost 200 minutes of play.
Goaltender Devan Dubnyk's statistics are rock solid — 1.87 goals-against average and .923 save percentage. Throughout his playoff career here, Dubnyk allows a strange, soft or untimely goal that jabs his team in the nose — not lethal, but yet another hurdle to overcome.
"If I ask my goaltender just to give up two goals a game, we're going to succeed," Boudreau said in Dubnyk's defense. "During the course of the season, one of things we always do or say is 'two goals or two minors or fewer and we're gonna win.' So far in the postseason, that same thing hasn't happened."
Nothing has happened.
Only two players have scored for the Wild, Charlie Coyle and Zach Parise (twice) — and only once five-on-five goal, and not once in the first period. St. Louis goalie Jake Allen has stopped 117 of 120 shots.
The list of stymied forwards is staggering. No goals for Mikael Granlund, Eric Staal and Mikko Koivu. Zero points from Nino Niederreiter, Jason Pominville, Jason Zucker, Martin Hanzal or Erik Haula. Just two Ryan Suter assists from the defense corps.
That is $27.5 million worth of no goals from Minnesota's top forwards.
"After the type of year we had, this is definitely hard to imagine right now," Staal said after Sunday's loss. "It's playoffs, it's tight, it's a one-shot difference. We're just not capitalizing when we have the chances and then they have."
Cut and paste.
Adversity reveals character. The Wild have proven capable of rallying to extricate themselves out of midseason slumps or making a desperate push to reach the playoffs.
They overcame an 0-2 series deficit to Colorado in 2014, benefiting from pivotal home wins to force a Game 7 Minnesota won in overtime at Pepsi Center.
But the 2017 Blues are a tougher, more driven opponent than those counterfeit Avs, and they smell blood with a chance to vanquish their favored opponents Wednesday night at home.
The Wild got Mike Yeo fired 14 months ago because they quit on him. Yeo and the Blues have shown no quit in their brutally effective game.
Elimination Game 4, on the road. The stakes have never been higher for the Wild.
It is high time they play like it.
Jason Pierre-Paul has continued playing for the New York Giants, wrapping his right hand in a cast. (Source: AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
(RNN) – Jason Pierre-Paul, an NFL defensive lineman who maimed his hand in a fireworks accident three years ago, posted a picture of the hand to Instagram to warn people about firework safety for the Fourth of July.
The extremely graphic image shows what was left of his hand following the incident.
“It's been 3yrs since my accident and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life,” Pierre-Paul wrote on Instagram. “Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye.”
The accident occurred at a July 4 cookout in Florida in the late evening after he and friends had been shooting off fireworks throughout the day. It was one of the last of an $1,100 haul of fireworks he had purchased for the holiday, Sports Illustrated reported in 2016.
The firework apparently misfired in an explosion of green and white light, SI reported.
“As soon as I saw the green light, I jumped. I knew something dangerous was about to happen,” Pierre-Paul told the magazine.
He ultimately had his right index finger amputated. The 29-year-old however has been able to continue playing with the New York Giants, heavily wrapping his right hand in a kind of permanent cast.
He has since used his accident as a cautionary tale.
“One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks,” Pierre-Paul wrote in his Instagram post. “We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation. I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me. Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol."
“Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.”
EXTREMELY GRAPHIC IMAGE BELOW OF PIERRE-PAUL'S HAND:
A post shared by Jason Pierre-Paul (@iamjasonpierrepaul) on Jul 3, 2018 at 5:21pm PDT
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
JACKSON, N.Y. — Authorities in New York are searching for a bull that escaped a livestock auction show.
WTEN-TV reports that the bull's owner was unloading the animal from a trailer outside a livestock barn in Cambridge when it sprinted away Tuesday night. Police say the bull was almost hit by a car in the street.
Cambridge police and New York State Police are currently searching for the animal.
Authorities are warning people to stay away from the bull because it's agitated.
Rochdale produces a superb comeback as they score twice in the last five minutes to beat Northampton 2-1 and secure their place in the FA Cup second round.
Ivan Toney's glancing header from Darren Carter's free-kick put the visitors into a fourth-minute lead.
Reuben Noble-Lazarus's smart finish into the top corner levelled, before Olly Lancashire met Michael Rose's cross for a last-minute winner.
Dale faces the winner of Wednesday's Aldershot v Portsmouth replay.
Available to UK users only.
Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income, amounting to 560 euros ($587), in a social experiment hoped to cut government red tape, reduce poverty and boost employment.
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1.
Those 2,000 unemployed chosen will receive 560 euros every month, with no reporting requirements on how they spend it. The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive.
The unemployment rate of Finland, a nation of 5.5 million, stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job — unchanged from the previous year.
(AP Photo/Rob Brown, File). FILE- In this Oct. 31, 2015, file photo, Miami's Sunny Odogwu (66) recovers a fumble in the end zone for a touchdown against Duke's Deion Williams during the first half of an NCAA college football game in Durham, N.C. At 6-f...
(AP Photo/David Stephenson, File). FILE- In this Oct. 22, 2016, file photo, Kentucky wide receiver Jeff Badet, top, tries to slip past the grip of Mississippi State defensive back Cedric Jiles in the first half of an NCAA college football game in Lexin...
(Scott Sommerdorf/The Salt Lake Tribune via AP, File). FILE- In this July 28, 2017, file photo, Utah wide receiver Darren Carrington II, right, looks back for the ball as he battles with defensive back Jaylon Johnson during the first day of NCAA colleg...
(AP Photo/Young Kwak, File). FILE- In this Nov. 12, 2016, file photo, California offensive lineman Aaron Cochran (75) lines up opposite Washington State defensive lineman Nnamdi Oguayo (30) during the second half of an NCAA college football game in Pul...
(M.P. King/Wisconsin State Journal via AP, File). FILE- In this April 21, 2017, photo, Wisconsin running back Chris James (5) prepares to take a handoff during a spring football game in Madison, Wis. The running back sat out a year after leaving Pittsb...
By GENARO C. ARMASAP Sports Writer
MADISON, Wis. (AP) - Chris James has waited long enough to take a handoff at Wisconsin.
The running back sat out a year after leaving Pittsburgh to move to Madison, looking for a better backfield opportunity.
That moment has finally arrived. James is part of this year's crop of Division I transfers who could make immediate impacts with their new teams.
"It's been such a long time coming," the eager James said.
The Badgers have had recent success with transfers, a run that started when quarterback Russell Wilson arrived from North Carolina State to lead the Badgers to the Rose Bowl in 2011.
"The Biggest thing is, are they a fit? It goes back to Russell," said Wisconsin coach Paul Chryst, who was the team's offensive coordinator in 2011. "We spent a lot of time ... with Russell getting to know him. Is this a good fit?"
James certainly hopes so. The 5-foot-10, 219-pound junior ran for 437 yards and four scores on 87 carries as a freshman at Pitt in 2014. His workload decreased the following season, after Chryst left for Wisconsin.
Now James could be in line for the starting job at Camp Randall Stadium with the top two rushers from last season. James is competing with sophomore holdover Bradrick Shaw.
A look at other transfers - outside of quarterbacks - with the potential to make big impacts in FBS:
NICK NELSON, CB, Wisconsin
Teammates have raved about Nelson's potential as a cover corner. A junior who previously played at Hawaii, Nelson is poised to take over for four-year starter Sojourn Shelton at one of the cornerback positions. Nelson spent his redshirt season last year learning under secondary coach Jim Leonhard - now the defensive coordinator.
JEFF BADET, WR, Oklahoma
Just what the Sooners needed: a speedster on the outside for quarterback Baker Mayfield. Badet, a graduate transfer from Kentucky, also adds veteran experience and leadership to the locker room. He caught 31 passes for 670 yards last season for the Wildcats, including seven touchdowns.
"He's a guy that's able to track the ball really well, which is something you're either born with or you're not," Mayfield said.
AARON COCHRAN, OL, Oklahoma State
An already-experienced Cowboys offensive line added a graduate transfer from California who has 16 career starts and protected productive quarterbacks Jared Goff and Davis Webb. Listed at 6-foot-8, 350 pounds, Cochran has already impressed coach Mike Gundy after arriving at camp, having lost 30 pounds, 10 more than what the coach had requested.
"And when we talk about experienced players, we're talking about guys that have played on the road in tough spots when it's hot and loud and everything is going against you, and they've still found ways to be successful," Gundy said.
DARREN CARRINGTON, WR, Utah
The Utes are going up-tempo this year under new offensive coordinator Troy Taylor. Carrington, a graduate transfer from Oregon, has just the kind of experience that makes him a good fit in Salt Lake City. The 6-foot-2, 205-pound receiver had 43 catches for 606 yards and five touchdowns last season as a junior with the Ducks. He was dismissed by new Oregon coach Willie Taggart earlier this year after a DUI arrest.
"He creates separation. He's got big hands, huge hands. Incredible ball skills. He's a special guy," Taylor said.
SUNNY ODOGWU, OL, UCLA
At 6-foot-7, 315 pounds, the graduate transfer from Miami gives the Bruins a potential anchor on a rebuilt offensive line. The Bruins are trying to boost what was the FBS' second-worst running game last year. Odogwu started five games last season with the Hurricanes before being sidelined by a lower leg injury.
CARSON WISE, K, North Carolina State
Wise is moving from Division II Carson Newman, though he's worthy of mention since kickers don't often have the potential make a quick impact as a graduate transfer. The Wolfpack had a chance to beat eventual national champion Clemson last year on the road but missed a 33-yard field goal as time expired. Wise was 21 of 31 at Carson Newman with a career long of 49 yards.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UnitedHealth Group, the largest U.S. health insurer, reported a better-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit, driven by strength in its pharmacy benefit management business.
Continue Reading Below
UnitedHealth, which has pulled out of virtually all Obamacare individual markets, is the first health insurer to report its results a month after legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system was pulled by Republican leaders.
The Republicans' failure to repeal Obamacare, at least for now, means it remains federal law. President Donald Trump and Republicans have promised to repeal and replace the law.
UnitedHealth, which sells employer-based insurance as well as Medicare and Medicaid, said net earnings attributable rose to $2.17 billion, or $2.23 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $1.61 billion, or $1.67 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned $2.37 per share, beating average analysts' estimate of $2.17, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose 9.4 percent to $48.73 billion, above estimates of 48.35 billion.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The company now expects 2017 revenue of about $200 billion and adjusted net earnings of $9.65-$9.85 per share, up from previous estimate of revenue of $197 billion-$199 billion and adjusted earnings of $9.30-$9.60 per share.
UnitedHealth's withdrawal from Obamacare individual markets, combined with the 2017 health insurance tax deferral, reduced consolidated first quarter 2017 revenues by about $1.6 billion, the company said.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Bill Nye takes heat for attending State of the Union address Bill Nye “The Science Guy” is facing some heat from his fans for planning to attend President Trump's State of the Union Address. Nye will attend as the guest of...
Bill Nye walks into elevator full of bikini babes; hilarity ensues He may be a science guy, but he's living like a rock star. On Friday, a group of bikini-clad women in Adelaide, Australia, were recording a Snapchat video of themselves...
Image copyright PA Image caption The three Rotherham MPs - Sir Kevin Barron, Sarah Champion and John Healey - were awarded £54,000 each in damages in 2017
UKIP has been ordered to pay £175,000 in legal costs over a defamation case brought by three South Yorkshire Labour MPs.
The party was told to pay towards costs incurred by Rotherham MPs Sir Kevin Barron, John Healey and Sarah Champion.
Jane Collins, MEP for Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire, had made remarks about Rotherham's child abuse scandal.
She was ordered to give £54,000 to each MP in February 2017, but did not pay.
The interim payment order comes days after the party's leader, Gerard Batten, issued a plea for cash for the party, saying £100,000 must be raised by the end of March.
A hearing in February ruled that UKIP took a "deliberate, informed and calculated" decision to ensure the defamation action brought by the three MPs against Ms Collins should not be settled before the 2015 general election.
UKIP now have 14 days to make the £175,000 payment, ordered by Justice Warby at the High Court.
Image copyright PA Image caption Jane Collins' made allegations against the Labour MPs at a UKIP conference before the 2015 general election
A joint statement from the Labour MPs said: "UKIP's actions behind the scenes forced the costs of this case to soar and compounded the damage from Jane Collins' unfounded and hurtful allegations.
"This deliberate strategy hugely increased the legal costs and it is right that UKIP are today held liable for a large share of these costs.
"UKIP used the unfounded allegations by Jane Collins for political advantage."
The three MPs said UKIP leaders knew Ms Collins' case was "hopeless" but nevertheless blocked settlement in their favour because they believed it would win them votes.
Sir Kevin is Labour MP for Rother Valley, Ms Champion is Rotherham MP and Mr Healey represents the Wentworth and Dearne constituency.
The state Legislature won't let Gov. Cuomo change the name of his much-maligned Start-Up NY economic-development program, which critics have lambasted as an embarrassing failure.
The governor earlier this year announced he was rebranding the initiative Excelsior Business Program, in much the same way that Time Warner Cable became Spectrum following a merger.
But, knowing there is something in a name, Republican and Democratic legislators blocked him.
“Our intention was to close down Start-Up NY,” said Scott Reif, spokesman for Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan (R-Smithtown). “It hasn't been successful.”
As a compromise, the Senate GOP agreed to let the program continue for two years — but only under its original name.
The Assembly wasn't a fan of the program, complaining about a $53 million marketing campaign.
“The state had already invested heavily in advertising so it didn't make a lot of sense in our view,” said Michael Whyland, spokesman for Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie.
Start-Up NY provides 10 years of tax relief to businesses that launch or relocate to designated areas in and around college campuses.
But despite its name, the program has been slow to start. In its first two years, it created a mere 408 jobs.
Last year, 757 more jobs were added, bringing the total to 1,135, according a report from the Empire State Development Corp.
The 212 businesses in the program have pledged to produce 4,403 jobs over five years.
That would require 3,268 new jobs over two years — far exceeding the pace for the first three years.
Legislators were dubious about the name change as soon as Cuomo proposed it.
“If Start-Up NY is such a success, why are we abandoning [the name]?” Assemblyman Steve McLaughlin (R-Troy) asked at a hearing in February.
Cuomo's chief economic development adviser on Monday defended the program and down-played the Legislature's rebuff
“It's much ado about nothing,” said Empire State Development Corp. CEO Howard Zemsky. “You can call the program whatever you want.”
He said the name change was intended to align with other economic development programs also called Excelsior, the state motto.
What's important, Zemsky said, is that it has shattered the perception that New York is anti-business.
“It has successfully changed minds,” he said.
A California woman who boasted that she was the safest person to be around after surviving one mass shooting, survived lived through another one this week.
“Active shooter,” Melissa Castruita wrote to her fiance J.C. Monticone during Jason Aldean's set at the Route 91 Harvest Festival on Sunday evening — which she was attending with her aunt and cousin to celebrate her 34th birthday, The Los Angeles Times reported.
“I'm so scared!!!” she wrote as shooter Stephen Paddock gunned down concertgoers from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. “Do you hear that? They took Jason [Aldean] off stage.”
“People are running out,” she added.
Monticone, 36, who was at the nearby Luxor Hotel & Casino with his buddies, immediately began looking for his fiance.
He recalled the last time Castruita sent him that same text — on Dec. 2, 2015, when she was working at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino, where a government worker and his wife killed 14 people and then died in a gunfight with police.
Castruita never expected to encounter a second mass shooting, and had even told her family she was the safest person to be around, the paper reported.
Monticone called Castruita — telling her he was coming, but she urged him to stay behind in his room, according to the report. Still, Monticone, a paramedic with the South Pasadena Fire Department in California, continued on — and even helped several other wounded concertgoers on his way, he told the paper. His arms, hands and clothes were soaked in blood, according to the report.
After carrying a woman with a gunshot wound to her leg to a triage center, he was determined to keep going, until he found Castruita unharmed inside the MGM Grand.
“I needed to get to Melissa,” he told the paper.
Just like they did two years ago, the two embraced.
Why it matters to you New countries are entering the space game in a big way, increasing competitiveness, lowering costs, and driving innovation forward.
Launching just one satellite into space is challenging enough, but 100-plus? In one go?
This impressive record-breaking feat was achieved late Tuesday night ET by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) when a total of 104 satellites were sent skyward aboard the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle from a site about 1,000 miles (1600 km) south of New Delhi.
The launch smashed the previous record for the most satellites sent up on a single rocket, set by Russia in 2014 when it sent 37 into orbit.
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi was quick to acknowledge the successful launch, tweeting a message of congratulations and describing it as “another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation.”
This remarkable feat by @isro is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation. India salutes our scientists. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) February 15, 2017
The main payload for the historic launch was the nation's Cartosat-2 Earth-observation satellite. But the vast majority – 88 to be precise – were “Dove” satellites built by San Francisco-based Earth-imaging company Planet. The remaining 14 are nanosatellites from India, Israel, the UAE, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Kazakhstan.
More: NASA sends eight small satellites into orbit to monitor hurricanes
Robbie Schingler, Planet's co-founder and chief strategy officer, described the launch as a “major milestone” in the company's bid to image the whole of Earth's landmass on a daily basis.
“Tonight is the culmination of a huge effort over the past five years,” Schingler wrote in a post. “In 2011 we set ourselves the audacious mission of imaging the entire Earth land area every day. We were convinced that armed with such data, humanity would be able to have a significant positive impact on many of the world's greatest challenges.
“We calculated that it would take between 100 and 150 satellites to achieve this, and we started building them. After today's launch, Planet operates 144 satellites in orbit. We have reached our milestone.”
But before the satellites start sending imagery back to Earth, the company first needs to correctly position each one to guarantee maximum data-gathering efficiency.
Planet's diminutive Dove satellite can be picked up with one hand and weighs just 10 pounds (about 4.5 kg). Each one offers a 200 mbps downlink speed and is capable of collecting over two million square kilometers of imagery per day. The company's clients cover a range of industries, among them defense, mapping, agriculture, and forestry.
US calls deadly Iraq friendly fire airstrike 'regrettable' The American airstrike that may have killed a number of Iraqi soldiers on Friday seems to be “a mistake that involved both sides,” U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Saturday....
US gives up on failed strategy of training Syrian rebels LONDON — The US is abandoning its goal of having America's military train a new force of moderate Syrian rebels, turning its focus to equipping, arming and supporting established groups...
US airstrike on hospital was requested by Afghans, general says WASHINGTON — Afghan forces who reported being under Taliban fire requested the US airstrike that killed 22 people at a medical clinic in northern Afghanistan over the weekend, the top...
US defense chief makes surprise trip to Iraq U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter made a surprise visit to Baghdad on Thursday to assess the campaign against Islamic State, as Iraq advances plans to retake the fallen capital of...
Pentagon studies plan to lift military ban on transgender people WASHINGTON — Defense Secretary Ash Carter says the Pentagon's current regulations banning transgender individuals from serving in the military are outdated, and anyone willing to serve the country should be...
McCain grills military brass on 'losing' ISIS strategy WASHINGTON — America's top two military leaders on Tuesday defended President Barack Obama's strategy to defeat Islamic State militants amid blistering criticism from Republican senators who argued that the administration's...
China is gambling Obama doesn't have will to respond to its massive land grab You may not have noticed, as ISIS expands its reach across Iraq and Russia fuels conflict in Ukraine, but the odds of an armed confrontation between the United States and...
US considers slowing military exit from Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan — The United States is considering slowing its military exit from Afghanistan by keeping a larger-than-planned troop presence this year and next because the new Afghan government is...
Joe Biden caught 'snuggling' with Defense chief's wife Vice President Joe Biden took hands-on politics to a creepy new level Tuesday by snuggling new Defense Secretary Ashton Carter's wife from behind. In a move straight out of the...
SIX Munster players have been included in the Ireland side to face Japan in the first of two Test matches this Saturday, 6am Irish time.
Munster centre Rory Scannell and winger Andrew Conway will get their first starts and win their second caps in Saturday's game at the Ecopa Stadium, Shizuoka.
Scannell starts at inside centre, alongside Garry Ringrose in midfield and there is an all Munster back three combination with Simon Zebo at fullback and Keith Earls and Conway on the wings.
Rory Scannell joins his brother Niall in the starting line-up. The Munster hooker is joined in the Ireland pack by his provincial teammate John Ryan.
Saturday morning's game will be televised live on eir Sport.
The Shizuoka Ecopa Stadium is one of the venues for the 2019 World Cup.
Having landed in Tokyo on Monday after a 20-hour flight from New York, Schmidt's men have had to adapt to a new time zone as well as hot and humid conditions.
IRELAND: Simon Zebo; Andrew Conway, Gary Ringrose, Rory Scannell, Keith Earls; Paddy Jackson, Luke McGrath; Cian Healy, Niall Scannell, John Ryan; Quinn Roux, Devin Toner; Rhys Ruddock (capt), Dan Leavy, Jack Conan. Replacements: James Tracy, Dave Kilcoyne, Finlay Bealham, Kieran Treadwell, Jack O'Donoghue, Kieran Marmion, Rory O'Loughlin, Tiernan O'Halloran.
JAPAN: Ryuji Noguchi; Kotaro Matsushima, William Tupou, Timothy Lafaele, Kenki Fukuoka; Yu Tamura, Fumiaki Tanaka; Keita Inagaki, Shota Horie, Heiichiro Ito; Kotaro Yatabe, Uwe Helu; Michael Leitch (capt), Yoshitaka Tokanuga, Amanaki Mafi. Replacements: Yusuke Niwai, Shintaro Ishihara, Takuma Asahara, Hendrik Tui, Shuhei Matsuhashi, Yutake Nagare, Derek Carpenter, Rikiya Matsuda
Image copyright Google Image caption The fire broke out in Donegall Avenue, south Belfast, on Wednesday evening
A woman in her 80s has died following a house fire in south Belfast.
The blaze at the house in Donegall Avenue was reported to police at about 17:45 BST on Wednesday.
A Northern Ireland Ambulance Service spokesman said the woman was taken to hospital in a "serious condition".
PSNI chief insp Gavin Kirkpatrick said she died a short time later, adding: "An investigation into the cause of the fire, which is not believed to be suspicious, has now commenced."
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson is facing the media today (Monday) ahead of the Eagles' game with Watford tomorrow.
The Eagles entertain the Hornets at Selhurst Park looking to continue their unbeaten run, which currently stands at five games in the Premier League.
But they will still be ruing the failure to beat AFC Bournemouth on Saturday, after Christian Benteke missed a penalty in injury time.
Hodgson is sure to be asked about the fallout from that miss at his press conference today, while he is also likely to provide updates on the injury to defender Mamadou Sakho and whether midfielder Yohan Cabaye will be fit after picking up a knock against the Cherries.
For updates from his press conference, follow our live blog with digital club writer Robert Warlow below.
Image caption Sean Kelleher stands on a land frontier between County Monaghan in the Irish Republic and County Tyrone in Northern Ireland
The Republic of Ireland's customs authorities do not have the resources to deal with a hard Brexit, a former enforcement manager has warned.
Sean Kelleher monitored the 310-mile (499km) stretch along the border from Carlingford Lough in the east to Lough Foyle in the west.
He said Revenue would be required to increase staffing to deal with "challenging" post-Brexit issues.
The UK is due to leave the EU by the end of March 2019.
The former customs manager, who served between 2007 and 2015, said commercial traffic would be subjected to certain customs controls but private vehicles should not face too much disruption.
"The reality is we will be obliged to maintain EU regulations and that will determine how those checks are carried out and to what level," Mr Kelleher told BBC news NI.
Image caption Carlingford Lough marks the easternmost point of the border
"For commercial cargo moving north to south, I would expect that all importers and exporters will register with Revenue for online declarations."
Random checks
Mr Kelleher said "trade facilitation stations" should be "judicially placed somewhere near the border" to carry out checks on commercial traffic.
"You won't need too many if you are only doing a percentage check," he said. "For example, if you have traffic going west from Derry to Donegal, you may require a facilitation station, one at least in Donegal.
"For the midlands, you would need one certainly around the Monaghan border or somewhere close. For the east coast, one perhaps around the Dundalk area.
"It's all subject to what Revenue decides. They may not necessarily be in those areas but they would be the locations I would believe are where the trade facilitation stations should be located," he added.
The border separating Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic will become an EU-UK frontier after Brexit.
Mr Kelleher said he could not see a return of fixed customs posts that existed from 1923 until the creation of the EU Single Market in 1993.
"Logistically it wouldn't prove possible and politically it's unpopular," he said.
Image caption The UK and Irish governments have both said they do not want a return to customs posts on the border after the UK leaves the EU
The former customs manager said "all crossings points would have to be monitored" as they would be ideal for people "with a mind to do a bit of smuggling".
He also said that random checks could be carried out by mobile patrols on crossing points and roadways along the border.
"There's going to be some disruption. It may not be major but if vehicles are called to trade facilitation stations, that's a disruption.
"It means that vehicles are going to be delayed until goods are examined and documents processed. If there are problems, the goods may be detained."
In a statement, Revenue said its focus was on facilitating trade by maximising the free flow of goods.
A spokeswoman said it was in the early stages of developing its main customs processes to cater for the phased introduction of the Union Customs Code which it said "envisages paperless customs systems, managed by electronic processing".
"The operation of customs post-Brexit and the resulting impact on business will be defined to a great extent by the terms of the agreement between the EU and the UK," she said.
"The full impacts will not be clear until negotiations have been finalised."
Image caption Sean Kelleher said he did not believe fixed customs posts such as this one from the 1970s would return to the Irish border
A series of papers is being published, including one this week covering what will happen to the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic after the UK has left the EU.
Mr Kelleher said a generation had grown up in the border region facing no checks, and would find changes difficult to accept.
"The reality is there is no border. People can drive across the land frontier and not realise they're in Northern Ireland.," he said.
"How you control that will be a major challenge for Revenue."
Blue Jays' trash may lead to Yankees' playoff treasure The Yankees didn't win a baseball game Wednesday night as much as they survived a mud-wrestling match in The Bronx. Yet the takeaway proved obvious: The deeper the Blue Jays'...
Ranking MLB's loaded future: The 10 best stars under 25 Kris Bryant celebrated a birthday last week. The NL MVP turned 25. The same age as the AL MVP, Mike Trout. It speaks well for the game's future that two...
What it's like being ignored while standing on baseball's biggest stage CLEVELAND — Welcome to the best undercard ever. Over in Chicago, the Cubs awaited the winner of Thursday night's National League Division Series Game 5 between the Dodgers and Nationals,...
The next big innings controversy is brewing with the Blue Jays SAN DIEGO — AL manager Ned Yost announced his plan to have Toronto's Aaron Sanchez as the fourth pitcher he uses in Tuesday night's All-Star Game behind starter Chris Sale,...
Hondo feeling Blue Hondo, still red hot, vaulted over the two-grand mark Thursday night when the Braves rallied against the Metamucils to elevate the runaway earnings to 2,109 carters. Friday night: Mr. Aitch...
Blue Jays' walk-year sluggers in MLB's most combustible limbo TORONTO – Nathan Eovaldi threw six shutout innings, Carlos Beltran homered and the Yankees did what they so rarely had all year – scored a bunch late to widen a...
If you're in the market for a "smart" thermostat, but don't want to shell out the cash for a Nest, then this deal might be for you. Home Depot is currently offering the Honeywell Wi-Fi thermostat for $79, a savings of $70. But you need to act fast. This sale is the "Online Exclusive Special Buy of the Day," which, as that mouthful of a title might suggest, means that time is limited.
The Honeywell may not be as pretty or necessarily as feature-packed as Nest's offerings, but you get the same basic functionality for a lower cost. You can remotely view or set the temperature via the app, set up a 7-day program (with 4-period per day scheduling), and receive auto alerts, smart responses, and filter change reminders. It will also automatically download software updates and it works with the Wink home automation network.
In the event that you miss out on this deal, fret not. You can get the Honeywell from Newegg for $89.99 or from Amazon for $92.99 (brand new). Still, don't dally too long if you want to save some money.
Cecilia Bönström layered a lot of international inspirations for her Zadig & Voltaire fall 2017 ready-to-wear showing for New York Fashion Week. The Zadig & Voltaire artistic director brings a whole melting pot's worth of inspiration to the lineup; she is a Swedish native, she has lived in Paris for 25 years now, and is showing the collection in New York.
“I was imaging the Parisian woman picking up the energy of the cool New York woman,” Bönström told Vogue backstage.
This concept of layers translated literally into her collection, with plenty of outerwear and other layered garments. The Zadig & Voltaire fall/winter 2017-2018 collection was geared toward the younger generation of New Yorkers, who will quickly snag up the pieces when the collection goes live on zadig-et-voltaire.com for fall.
It was chock-full of edgy modern staples that were simply wearable. The line follows many of today's top trends, which happen to coincide perfectly with what Bönström identifies as “the four strong codes of the house: military, leather, knitwear, and lingerie.”
The military theme was portrayed both literally and subtly. A loose-fitting camo sweat suit definitely made the theme clear, while a structured blazer reminiscent of a military jacket was a bit looser of an interpretation.
Leather was used in a variety of garments and fabric types as well. Bella Hadid kicked off the runway show in a pair of multicolored leather cropped pants, and she was followed up by Jamie Bochert, whose skinnies were made of stretch leather. This same stretchy, slightly crinkly leather was used later in flared pants, and again in a thin, casual dress.
Knitwear found a huge part in this lineup, coming in a lot of bright colors. Hats and sweaters were knit hits on Bönström's runway, especially since there was so much variety for the latter in particular. A slightly oversized chunky knit sweater can be worn for many different style types, but there were also sweaters made for specific styles, like the red “Fever” sweater, which was for someone with an edgy sporty style. It has that motocross edge to it, especially when paired with the stretch leather as it was on the catwalk.
On top of being a house code, lingerie has been a huge runway trend over the past couple of years. Bönström sent down a series of leopard print slips in neon shades, meant as streetwear, but perfectly acceptable as bedroom-wear as well!
With a focus on modern streetwear, there wasn't a whole lot to stand out about the rest for Zadig & Voltaire. However, Bönström used accessories to create a large enough stage presence to constitute a NYFW runway show.
Some models wore studded heels down the runway that were treacherous enough to have the audience worried for a potential wipeout – none happened, thankfully. This aspect already pumped up the lineup and gave it something special to toss on the runway.
Bags that walked were also super practical. In most cases, they blended right into the outfits they walked with (a blue bag with an all-blue outfit, etc.). But a blue snakeskin bag was paired with an all-red outfit, and the resulting clash was quite striking. An instance or two more of this slightly jarring addition might have added one more element to the Zadig & Voltaire fall 2017 collection's NYFW runway case, though.
Photos courtesy of Zimbio
Lena Waithe makes Emmy history She is the first African-American woman to win an Emmy for comedy writing.
John Lithgow thanks Winston Churchill at Emmys The actor won the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series.
Brie Larson on Affleck win: Not clapping 'spoke for itself' "I think that whatever it was that I did onstage kind of spoke for itself," Larson told Vanity Fair.
Justin Timberlake champions inclusion at iHeartRadio Awards The 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards took place Sunday at The Forum in Ingelwood, Calif.
Best Picture flub may cost Oscars producer CEO gig Oscars producer Michael De Luca has been buzzed about as a replacement for Brad Grey as Paramount Pictures CEO.
Remember Jeremy Meeks?
How could you forget him honestly. He was dubbed the “hot felon” after his mug shot went viral on Facebook.
Women everywhere were obsessed with him, even trying to convince the law to forgive his felony weapons charges.
Meeks paid his time, signed a modeling contract and was finally able to trade in his orange jumpsuit for some couture!
The felon-turned-model made his debut at New York Fashion Week in Philipp Plein's show.
Check him out strutting his stuff down the runway:
Getting arrested might have been the best thing to happened to Meeks. Let's hope he learned his lesson and changed his ways because we wouldn't want to see him screw up such a great second chance!
B.J. Goodson has a pretty good tutor. The second-year middle linebacker is learning this spring from Antonio Pierce, an intern coach in the offseason who won a Super Bowl with the Giants and spent five years in blue.
“The things that Antonio can give a guy like B.J. go far beyond what the coaches can give,” Giants defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said Wednesday after minicamp practice. “Antonio has experienced it; he is in the middle of it. He used to do it when he played — he sees things that other people miss because he is detailed guy and knows how to breakdown film. He has been doing a lot of that for me now, and he is in that linebacker room talking to those guys all of the time.”
A fourth-round pick in 2016 out of Clemson, Goodson has taken most of the first-team reps at middle linebacker this spring. He has impressed his teammates and coaches. Goodson didn't call plays in college, but he is doing it with the Giants.
“This is a little bit new, and yet I think that every day when we get out there, the guy is getting more and more confidence,” Spagnuolo said. “Man, he's been great. He's really taken this thing on.”
There were a number of notable players on the sideline Wednesday, especially on the offensive line. Justin Pugh, Ereck Flowers and D.J. Fluker missed practice time. Fluker appeared to injure his arm during practice, but no update was given. Pugh said he tweaked his back, but it wasn't a concern. Flowers was “sore,” according to offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan, but no further details were given.
Rookie tight end Evan Engram didn't practice. He was “sore,” Sullivan said.
Engram has impressed Sullivan with his attitude, smarts and toughness. The offensive coordinator said he believes he will also bring a new element to the offense.
“There is an added dimension to the pass game standpoint that we look forward to using in the season,” Sullivan said.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Authorities say a Cardinals wide receiver was arrested outside a Scottsdale nightclub on suspicion of disorderly conduct and failure to obey police commands.
Scottsdale police say 22-year-old Marquis Bundy was acting disorderly toward the International's security staff about 2:45 a.m. Saturday.
Police say Bundy told officers that his hat was missing or stolen from the club and he wanted to speak with somebody about it.
When told by club security guards that they had not seen his hat, Bundy reportedly got agitated and would not leave the scene, leading to his arrest.
In a statement, Cardinals officials say they're aware of the incident and the matter has been referred to the NFL offices.
Bundy was signed as an undrafted rookie last year out of the University of New Mexico.
Bundy did not play in a regular-season game last year.
She shouldn't have copped this feel.
A woman got a little too frisky with a Bronx police officer when she grabbed his crotch — while cuffed from behind — at a station house, police sources said Monday.
Adriane Dejesus, 40, allegedly pulled the behind-the-back fondle Sunday while under arrest on gun charges at the 48th precinct in Fordham Heights, according to police.
The cop was near a desk at the station-house when she allegedly went straight for his junk.
“She grabbed him in the groin,” one police source said.
Dejesus, of Fordham Heights, was charged with felony assault, obstruction of governmental administration and harassment.
Details about her gun-related bust were sealed and not immediately clear Monday.
TOKYO: Shu Kurata smashed a late winner on Friday to give Japan a narrow 2-1 victory over New Zealand in their first international football friendly since they qualified for the World Cup.
Following a scoreless first half, Cologne forward Yuya Osako netted a 50-minute penalty for Japan after a handball at Toyota Stadium.
New Zealand striker Chris Wood scored an equalizer nine minutes later, triggering an all-out offensive by Japan.
On 87 minutes, Kurata scored his first goal for the Blue Samurai with a diving header, whipping up home fans in the heavy rain.
“I pushed the ball with all my heart,” Kurata said.
“I'm glad to contribute to the team with the winning goal,” he said.
It was Japan's first friendly since they beat Australia 2-0 in August to qualify for their sixth successive World Cup.
“We won but it was not easy,” Japan's head coach Vahid Halilhodzic said after the game.
“New Zealand displayed a brilliant defense,” said the Franco-Bosnian.
“We scored the first goal but could not control the game well and then they scored a goal,” he said.
But he praised his players for their collective offense toward the end of the game, which led to Kurata's winner.
The defeat shadowed New Zealand, who will move to an intercontinental playoff next month.
Japan will take on Haiti in another friendly on Tuesday in Kanagawa, southwest of Tokyo.
TOKYO: Shu Kurata smashed a late winner on Friday to give Japan a narrow 2-1 victory over New Zealand in their first international football friendly since they qualified for the World Cup.
Following a scoreless first half, Cologne forward Yuya Osako netted a 50-minute penalty for Japan after a handball at Toyota Stadium.
New Zealand striker Chris Wood scored an equalizer nine minutes later, triggering an all-out offensive by Japan.
On 87 minutes, Kurata scored his first goal for the Blue Samurai with a diving header, whipping up home fans in the heavy rain.
“I pushed the ball with all my heart,” Kurata said.
“I'm glad to contribute to the team with the winning goal,” he said.
It was Japan's first friendly since they beat Australia 2-0 in August to qualify for their sixth successive World Cup.
“We won but it was not easy,” Japan's head coach Vahid Halilhodzic said after the game.
“New Zealand displayed a brilliant defense,” said the Franco-Bosnian.
“We scored the first goal but could not control the game well and then they scored a goal,” he said.
But he praised his players for their collective offense toward the end of the game, which led to Kurata's winner.
The defeat shadowed New Zealand, who will move to an intercontinental playoff next month.
Japan will take on Haiti in another friendly on Tuesday in Kanagawa, southwest of Tokyo.
A Tennessee man managed to stop his 5-year-old son from being kidnapped — by socking the woman who was trying to swipe him in the face, cops said.
Police officials told FOX13 Memphis that the dad's actions were deemed necessary and ultimately led him to getting his child back on Monday.
The boy's attempted kidnapper, Gina A. Richard, 53, later said that she was under orders from “God” to try and take him.
She had tried going to a nearby fire station after getting punched and told them she was only trying to stop a kidnapping, but police later spoke with the father and confirmed what really happened.
Richard wound up getting arrested and charged with attempted aggravated kidnapping. In her mugshot, she appears to be sporting a busted lip — courtesy of pops.
While some on social media questioned whether it was wrong for a man to punch a woman like that, most felt that the father did the right thing.
“Would have done the same thing,” wrote one Facebook user.
“Wrong but right,” another said.
The death has occurred of Maurice Fogarty, Coolalough, Hospital, Limerick
On January 1, 2017. Sadly missed by his loving wife Margaret, son Maurice, daughters Pamela and Ruth, sons-in-law, Jason and Michael, grandchildren Paige, Luke, Nathan, Alex and Leah, brothers, family and friends.
May he Rest in Peace
Reposing in his residence on Tuesday, January 3, from 5pm to 8pm. Requiem mass on Thursday, January 5, in St. Joseph's Church, Knoocklong at 11.30am. Burial afterwards in Hospital cemetery.
The death has occurred of Margaret Rita Hogan (née Broderick), Ballaugh, Abbeyfeale, Limerick
On December 31, 2016, at University Hospital Limerick. Deeply regretted by her loving son David, daughter Eileen, brother Jackie, daughter-in-law Samantha, grandchildren Jessica and David, aunt Maureen, relatives and friends. R.I.P. Reposing at Harnett's Funeral Home, The Square, Abbeyfeale on Tuesday from 6pm followed by removal at 8pm to Church of the Assumption Abbeyfeale. Requiem Mass on Wednesday at 11am. Funeral afterwards to Reilig Íde Naofa Abbeyfeale. Family flowers only please. Donations if desired to The Kerry Deaf Resource Centre.
The death has occurred of Francis (Frank) Hales, Thomastown, Kilmallock, Limerick / Ballyhooly, Cork
On December 31, 2016. Loving and deeply treasured husband of Emily (née Hobbs), cherished father of Henry, Alison, Louisa and the late Carole. Deeply loved by his seven grandchildren, much loved father-in-law to Michelle, Grahame and Johnathan, sister Charlotte, brothers Noel and Alec, sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives, neighbours and many friends.
Reposing at O'Malley Funeral Homes, New Line, Charleville, on Monday from 5pm. Funeral Service in SS Peter & Paul's, Church of Ireland, Kilmallock, on Tuesday at 2pm. Burial after in the adjoining church grounds.
"Thy will be done"
The death has occurred of John Shire, Adare, Limerick / Askeaton, Limerick
Shire, Abbot Close Nursing Home, Askeaton and late of Drehidtarsna, Adare, Co. Limerick. On December 31, 2016, very peacefully at the Regional Hospital Limerick, John. Very deeply regretted by his loving mother, Brigid. Brothers, Canon Joe, Anthony and Emmet, sisters, Breed (Hayes) and Mary (Curtin), brothers-in-law, Aidan and Eddie. sister-in-law, Brid. uncle, William, nephews and niece, cousins, relatives and his many friends, especially all those at Abbot Close Nursing Home.
May he rest in peace.
Reposing this Tuesday evening from 6pm at Daffy's Funeral Home Croom, followed by removal at 7.30pm to the Church of the Holy Trinity, Adare. Funeral Wednesday after 12 noon requiem Masses with burial afterwards to St. Nicholas' Cemetery, Adare.
The death has occurred of Phyl (Dill) STACK (née O'Shaughnessy), The Kerries, Tralee, Kerry / Loughill, Limerick
Mountrivers, The Kerries, Tralee and formerly of Jointer Cottage, Loughill, Co. Limerick, on 1st January 2017, beloved wife of Conor and dear mother of Michael, Patrick & Robert. Sadly missed by her loving family, her grandchildren Conor, Ben, Amy & Philippa, sisters Ann, Maureen, Helen, Margaret, Kitty & Rose, daughters-in-law Sarah, Siobhán & Jordan, sisters-in-law, especially Bernadette & June, brothers-in-law, nephews, nieces, relatives and many friends.
Rest in Peace
Reposing at The Gleasure Funeral Home, Tralee on Monday from 2.30pm to 4.30pm with removal at 4.30pm to St. John's Church, Tralee. Requiem Mass on Tuesday at 10am. Interment afterwards in Réalt na Mara Cemetery, Churchill. Donations in lieu of flowers to the Palliative Care Unit, University Hospital Kerry, or care of the Gleasure Funeral Home.
The death has occurred of David Lahiff, Ballydoole, Kildimo, Pallaskenry, Limerick
Formerly of Ballykeeffe, Mungret, late Shannon Foundry) on December 30, 2016, peacefully at home after a long illness. Beloved husband of Moira. Dearly loved father of Ann and Helena. Sadly missed by his son-in-law Kevin, grandchildren Caoimhe and Conal, brothers Larry and Sean, sister Maura (McKenna), brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nephews, nieces, extended family and friends. Rest in peace.
Reposing at Thompson's Funeral Home, Thomas Street this Monday evening from 7.45pm to 8.45pm. Requiem Mass on Tuesday at St Mary's Church, Pallaskenry at 12 noon with burial afterwards in Castlemungret Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Thomas Mawdsley, Castle-erkin, Pallasgreen, Limerick
Formerly of the Big Apple. Died on January 1, 2017 peacefully at home surrounded by his loving family. Deeply regretted by his wife Sally, sons, daughters ,sister, sisters in law, brother's in law, son in law, daughter's in law, grandchildren, great grand children, great great grand children, nephews nieces cousins relatives & friends. R.I.P.
Reposing at Ryan's funeral home Pallasgreen this Tuesday evening at 5.30 to 7.30pm. Removal on Wednesday to Nicker church for 11.30am requiem mass. Burial afterward's in St Columba's Cemetery, Pallasgreen.
The death has occurred of John Mulcahy, Ballyloundash, Herbertstown, Limerick
On December 31, 2016. Peacefully surrounded by his loving family. Beloved husband of Mary née Weekes, and much adored father of Breda, Thomas, William, Caitríona, and John Noel. Survived by his brothers, Fr Tom Mulcahy MSC, and Michael, sisters Bridget (Meaney), Sr. Catherine, Sr. Margaret, daughters in law, sons in law, sisters in law, brothers in law, nieces, grandchildren, relatives and friends. Reposing at Daverns Funeral Home Hospital on Monday Jan 2nd from 5pm to 7pm, with removal at 7pm to the Sacred Heart Church, Herbertstown. Requiem mass on Tuesday 3rd at 11.30am, followed by burial in Inch St Lawrence Cemetery. Family flowers only, donations if desired to Mid West Parkinsons Association.
The death has occurred of Margaret Quinn, née McGrath, 6 Shannon Banks, Corbally, Limerick
Formerly of Feakle, Co. Clare. Died on December 31, 2016, peacefully at Athlunkard Nursing Home. Beloved wife of the late John. Dearly loved mother of Tom, Marie, Pat, Ger, Patricia, Margaret and the late Noel. Sadly missed by her sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, grandchildren, great grandchildren, great great grandchildren, brother Haulie, sisters Bridie, Pat and Anna, nephews, nieces, extended family and friends. Rest in peace.
Reposing at Thompson's Funeral Home, Thomas Street this Wednesday evening from 5pm to 7pm followed by removal to St Nicholas Church, Westbury.
Requiem Mass on Thursday at 11am with funeral afterwards to Mount St Oliver Cemetery. Family flowers only. Donations if desired to a charity of your choice.
The death has occurred of Michael (Mike) Stack, Knock, Taughmaconnell, Ballinasloe, Roscommon / Abbeyfeale, Limerick / Ballinasloe, Galway
Formerly of Abbeyfeale, Co. Limerick. Suddendly at home. Deeply regretted by his wife Ann, daughter Elaine, son Austin, son-in-law John Paul, granddaughter Niamh, sisters Hannah, Bridget & Marie, brothers Kevin, John & Mossy, brothers-in-law, sisters- in-law, nieces, nephews, grandnieces, grandnephews, cousins, relatives, neighbours and friends.
May His Gentle Soul Rest In Peace
Reposing at Grenham's Funeral Home, Ballinasloe on Monday, the 2nd of January, 2017 from 6pm. Removal at 8pm to St. Ronan's Church, Taughmaconnell. Funeral Mass on Tuesday at 11am. Burial afterwards in local cemetery.
The death has occurred of Bridget (Bridie) Vaughan, née Geaney, Reens, Ardagh, Limerick
On January 1, 2017. Peacefully at her residence. Beloved wife of the late Tom and mother of the late Sean and Michael. Sadly missed by her son Pat, daughters Eileen, Breda, Marion, Eilis, Nora and Mairead, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons-n-law, daughter-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Rest in Peace. Reposing at her residence Monday evening from 4-7p.m. Funeral arriving at St. Mary's Church Rathkeale on Tuesday for Requiem Mass at 12 noon. Burial afterwards in Clonaugh cemetary.
Family flowers only please. House private on Tuesday morning.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 09:34 2nd January 2017
MUNCIE, Ind. — Tayler Persons scored 23 points, including seven straight down the stretch and the game-winning 3-pointer with 3.3 seconds left, and Ball State beat Valparaiso 71-70 on Saturday to win its fifth straight.
The Crusaders regained the lead 60-56 after an 11-2 run capped by Bakari Evelyn's 3-pointer, but the Cardinals led 68-67 on Persons' jumper with 2:08 to go.
Max Joseph hit two free throws for a 69-68 Valparaiso lead and Jon Kiser added one of two to make it 70-68 with 14 seconds left. Trey Moses got the defensive rebound and Persons drained a 3 from the top of the key to win it. Valpo's shot at the buzzer bounced off the backboard.
Persons hit a game-winning 3 with 1.7 seconds left to upset No. 9 Notre Dame 80-77 on Tuesday.
Kyle Mallers, Moses and Jeremie Tyler scored 10 apiece for the Cardinals (6-4) who trailed 31-29 at halftime. Persons had five assists and Moses had six.
Joe Burton scored 17 points with four 3-pointers, Evelyn added 14 points and Derrik Smits had 12 for the Crusaders (8-2).
Big-time college football is worth the road trip It's wishful – maybe even wistful – thinking, of course, but that doesn't mean a fellow can't dream. We have so much to follow in the world of sports in...
How fallen teammate's motto is guiding Army star to NFL “Scared money make no money.” — Brandon Jackson When Andrew King gets hesitant, he thinks back to that quote. When he doubts his path, he remembers what his late...
NYPD football team to honor late Army player The NYPD Football team will open their 2017 season by honoring former Army cornerback Brandon Jackson who died Sept. 11 in a car accident. The Finest will play the Philadelphia...
Cheating Russians condemned while Bud Selig gets a pass Saturday's week-ending news: Hard evidence continues to mount that the 2012 and 2014 Russian Olympic teams were enabled by an “institutional conspiracy” to provide over 1,000 of its athletes in...
Donald Trump raucously cheered at Army-Navy game President-elect Donald Trump was greeted with cheers and jumping cadets at the annual Army-Navy football game in Baltimore. The incoming president waved to the crowd from outside a private box as...
Army inspired by teammate who died in Sept. 11 crash Reminders of Brandon Jackson, a starting sophomore defensive back at Army who died in a single-car crash early on Sept. 11, are everywhere. There is the glistening gold helmet within...
Army football star killed in car accident It's never easy to put the emotion of tragedy into words. But former Holy Cross high school football coach Tom Pugh was doing his darnedest Monday afternoon, having to verbalize...
Breaking down the metropolitan area's chances to dance Seton Hall is a lock to break its decade-long NCAA Tournament drought and won't have to sweat over anything other than seeding on Selection Sunday, but multiple conference champions in...
Guide to this college basketball season in the NYC area The college basketball season starts in New York this week with the spotlight on St. John's, as usual, but as the season progresses, the less-heralded local teams will steal the...
But digital driver's licenses have features that plastic licenses lack, notably a date-stamp to show when the license information was last updated and the ability to update the license on the spot via a cellular network — a boon for police officers during traffic stops.
The key advantage of digital licenses for motorists knows that their license information is stored on a mobile device instead of on a card in a wallet that might be left behind.
Calvin Fabre, president of Envoc, a software firm in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, that helped develop a mobile app to display digital driver's licenses in Louisiana, said most drivers under 40 won't go back home if they forget their plastic license — "but if they forget their phone, they always turn around."
If a cellphone's battery dies, of course, the license might be unavailable until the phone is recharged.
What about the security of digital licenses in an age when it seems everything can be hacked? Digital licenses are protected by password, PINs and other security features in addition to the usual security built into phones, and state authorities can wipe a digital license remotely if a driver reports it lost to the Department of Motor Vehicles.
Although these mechanisms might not be foolproof, plastic licenses have their own vulnerabilities. "If I lose my wallet, and let's say you find it, you've got my personal information — you've got everything you need to begin the process of stealing my identity," Mikell said. "But if you found my smartphone ... I can feel secure that my identity is protected."
Not everyone is so optimistic. Mark Stringer, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Iowa, told NBC News MACH in an email that the organization had "serious concerns" about digital licenses. He said cellphones are legally protected against police searches and added, "It's also important that any new technology be implemented in a manner that is accessible and nondiscriminatory for license holders."
Obtaining a digital license is strictly voluntary for now, and states will continue to issue all motorists a traditional plastic license — so digital license programs should pose no hardship for indigent motorists.
No matter what, motorists are eager to make the switch to digital licenses, at least according to Mikell. "Our feedback was like 'hey, we know this is coming, when is it?'" he said.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
By JOAN LOWYAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Traffic fatalities rose 5.6 percent traffic fatalities last year, with even bigger spikes in pedestrian and motorcyclist deaths, the government said Friday.
There were 37,461 people killed on U.S. roads in 2016 as Americans continue to drive more, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said. The fatality rate was 1.18 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles traveled, a 2.6 percent increase from the previous year.
Traffic deaths have been increasing since late 2014, as gas prices have fallen and people started driving more. In 2016, the total number of miles driven in the U.S. rose 2.2 percent.
Pedestrian deaths hit their highest level since 1990, with 5,987 people killed. That figure represents a 9 percent increase since the previous year.
Motorcyclist deaths were up 5.1 percent, reaching their highest level - 5,286 killed - since 2008. Together, they accounted for more than a third of the increase in fatalities compared to 2015.
As traffic deaths climb, "we must not forget that the risks we are all facing extend to the sidewalks too," said Deborah Hersman, CEO of the National Safety Council. "Everyone deserves safe passage, and these numbers are yet another indication that we must do more to keep each other safe."
Bicycle deaths increased only slightly, 1.3 percent, but were at their highest number - 840 killed - since 1991.
Deaths related to distracted and drowsy driving declined. Those declines were more than offset by other dangerous behaviors, including speeding, alcohol impairment and not wearing seat belts, the safety administration said.
Traffic deaths declined significantly during the Great Recession and during the economic recovery as Americans cut back on their driving. Increased seat belt use, reductions in alcohol impairment, and improved auto safety equipment like airbags and electronic stability control also contributed to the decline.
Large increases in fatalities last year and the year before reduced the improvement over the past decade in the annual number of people killed by more than a third.
___
Follow Joan Lowy on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/AP_Joan_Lowy
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (AP) – A federal jury has convicted a Virginia woman on fraud and tax charges after prosecutors said she charged over a half-million dollar on her boss's credit cards. Sherea Darnell is a former manager at a Williamsburg eye care center. Prosecutors say she used the doctor's credit cards to charge some $514,000 in personal transactions, including her son's preschool tuition. The jury heard from prosecutors that she also took over $90,000 in cash advances from the credit cards, using it to hire maid services and buy clothing and airline tickets. Authorities say that after her resignation from the eye center, Darnell continued to use her boss's cards until the doctor finally discovered the fraud. Darnell faces a maximum penalty of 30 years. Sentencing is set for October.
(AFP) - Syria's army advanced Monday as it battles to capture a rebel region that is key to the capital's water supply, launching strikes and artillery fire threatening a fragile nationwide truce, now in its fourth day.
Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said, "Regime forces and fighters from Lebanon's Hezbollah group are advancing in the region and are now on the outskirts of Ain al-Fijeh, the primary water source in the area." He said government troops and allied fighters were engaged in fierce clashes with rebels, including from the former Al-Qaeda affiliate now known as the
Fateh al-Sham Front. The monitor said government forces were carrying out air strikes and artillery fire on the area, northwest of the capital, but reported no casualties.
Why it matters to you LinkedIn is expanding its recently launched tool that lets you privately connect with recruiters to find job opportunities
LinkedIn is introducing a new feature that should appeal to the 4 million contractors that use its service to find work.
The highly requested option is part of the Microsoft-owned platform's Open Candidates tool, which allows members to privately notify recruiters that they are interested in being contacted about new roles.
LinkedIn users can now self-identify as contractors via the preferences page in the “jobs” tab on the desktop version of the site. The option is available alongside existing job types, such as full-time, part-time, internship, remote, and freelance. Recruiters now have access to a new contract filter via LinkedIn's Recruiter platform, allowing them to narrow their search to these types of candidates.
More: Wind power industry passes milestone, now boasts over 100k jobs in U.S.
The best thing about Open Candidates is that it allows members to discretely announce their interest in job opportunities, allowing recruiters to seek them out. Aside from business owners that offer contract services, the new contractor option is also beneficial to those users that want to find extra gigs outside of their day job.
“Contractor Targeting surfaces members who are likely to be interested in contract roles based on their preferences or profile history,” writes Eduardo Vivas, head of product, Linkedin talent solutions, in a blog post. “Together, these features all help unlock what we call “open talent”: candidates who aren't just “passive” or “active,” but instead are open to new opportunities.”
Having launched in October, LinkedIn Open Candidates is now being used by more than 3.4 million members. According to the platform, candidates who self-identify as contractors are three times more likely to respond to recruiters, with 40 percent responding within one day.
Open Candidates also allows members to share their profile with recruiters before they begin the application process for a job. This means that recruiters can maintain contact with them even if they don't finish an application form.
Last month, LinkedIn overhauled its desktop site to offer a streamlined experience complete with better search functions, more relevant results, and a new messaging interface. The company is also planning to integrate a number of its features with Microsoft's productivity software.
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
Janet Yellen isn't exactly going out of her way to make nice with President Trump.
The Federal Reserve chair pushed back on Tuesday against Trump's comments on reduced bank lending — saying that Obama-era regulations haven't made it harder for people to borrow money.
The remarks come as Trump and his top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, have pledged to dismantle key regulations — especially those that are part of the sweeping Dodd-Frank legislation.
But Yellen, whose power was strengthened because of the beefed up regulations, said that the controversial Dodd-Frank has hardened the financial system.
“They're lending,” she said of banks in response to a question from Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass), a frequent Wall Street critic.
“[Banks are] gaining market share, and they remain quite profitable,” Yellen told a Senate committee as part of her semi-annual report to Capitol Hill.
Yellen added that some banks are lending at higher levels than they were during the 2008 peak.
The comments from the top US government banker repudiated a statement made by Trump earlier this month.
“Frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money,” Trump said on Feb. 6.
“They just can't get any money, because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.”
Dodd-Frank, which was signed into law by Obama in 2010, was designed to make the financial markets safer following the 2008 financial crisis.
One of the requirements is that banks hold more capital, rather than use debt, in order to fund loans. That way a bank could pay off its own debts and keep the economy from another Lehman Brothers-like crash.
Its critics, however, have said that the law is too complicated, onerous and costly, and that it's cut into banks' abilities to profit.
It's no surprise that Trump and Yellen don't see eye-to-eye on economic matters. While campaigning, Trump criticized Yellen's tenure, saying she should be “ashamed of herself” for her monetary policies.
Yellen's term at the Fed isn't up until next year. Trump isn't expected to nominate her for another term.
Yellen also repudiated comments by Cohn earlier this month that “banks are forced to hoard money because they're forced to hoard capital and they can't take any risk.”
“It's not a requirement that they stick it in a safe and can't be used,” Yellen said.
Later during the hearing, Yellen threw some red meat at investors who are looking for the direction of future markets.
Yellen hinted that the central bank could raise interest rates again as early as March — but investors didn't seem to take that too seriously. Major indexes closed at record highs.
“There's really no pressure on the Fed right now to raise rates,” Lindsey Piegza, chief economist at Stifel, Nicolaus, told The Post.
“The market saw it as a tad bit more hawkish, but overall it was big snoozer,” she said.
Share
You don't need arms to fly but engineers from Seoul National University in South Korea have developed a robotic appendage designed to give drones a better grip on the world. Inspired by origami, the innovative arm can be folded for transport and self-assembles into a rigid appendage when it's needed for use.
In recent years, the ancient art of calculated folding has inspired designs for spacecraft, artificial muscles, and Kevlar shields, thanks to its ability to save space without significantly compromising functionality.
“Imagine using an origami-inspired design,” Kyu Jin Cho, a Seoul National University roboticist who led the project, told Digital Trends. “To make them easily foldable, the structure becomes weak. If you make the structures strong, they are either heavy or not easy to fold. Our design is lightweight and easy to fold and unfold, but can become very stiff. Meeting all these requirements at the same time expands the usage of origami designs. Not just the drone arm we have shown, but imagine a robot that folds itself into a packable size and, when needed, unfolds by itself to become a robot.”
The arm developed by Cho and his team is made up of seven actuators and a single wire that enables it to shift from folded to extended, sort of like an umbrella being opened and closed. When unfolded it can total 27.5 inches in length. This allows it to attach to drones, where it can remain packed during transport and flight, only to unfurl when needed. The arm can sport a gripper or camera on the end to suit its needs.
“If you attach a robotic arm to a drone you can now pick up stuff and perform various manipulations with the drone,” Cho said. “But attaching an arm will make the drone heavy, and bulky. This arm will solve this issue making it easier for drones to attach arms.”
In a video accompanying a paper published last week in the journal Science Robotics, Cho and his team's drone can be seen flying with the arms packed neatly underneath, before extending downward a few times the length of the drone. The video shows the drone arm performing a number of tasks, including shooting video with a camera and picking up an object from a ditch.
Though the clever design offers a glimpse into the future capabilities of drones, Cho stressed that this is just an initial concept and his team will be working to strengthen and add joints to the arm moving forward.
Maybe it was the uniforms because there's no denying the Miami Dolphins played much like those winning teams of yesteryear in those 1970s threads. Maybe it was the weather, wind chill and all. Whatever it was that was different about this team Monday night, it was good.
It worked.
Do more of that, please.
Miami Dolphins 27.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
New England Patriots 20.
“I think this was probably one of the better games probably in the past two years as a team, all three phases,” coach Adam Gase said.
“It was complementary football, all three phases have been playing together. We've been kind of waiting for this to happen. We'll just keep going one at a time and see what happens.”
This game, on national television, was an unveiling of a team we really haven't seen much of this season. It was clearly a show by a team that played nothing like the one that lost 35-17 to the Patriots two weeks ago.
The Dolphins looked good. No doubt about that. But more surprising and impressive is that they looked, well, different.
For years the Dolphins, and every team in the AFC East, has watched the Patriots steamroll through the division by letting Tom Brady work, but also by out-coaching everybody.
How often have the Patriots won doing one thing in the first meeting between division rivals and then won the rematch doing something altogether different?
Well, this game the Dolphins were altogether different. And better.
This night of prime time football was like a coming out party for an Adam Gase's team.
They lined up Jakeem Grant, MarQueis Gray and Jarvis Landry in the backfield. They handed Gray the ball once and he ran for a first down. And that was different because none of those players are running backs and none typically line up in the backfield.
More Videos 1:44 Spoelstra after Heat's win in Memphis Pause 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game 1:36 Spoelstra on Heat's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis 0:51 Goran Dragic on being on national stamp in Slovenia 1:34 Dolphins Jarvis Landry on win against Jets and Matt Moore 1:21 Adam Gase on where Dolphins go after shutout loss to Ravens 0:39 Xavien Howard on his touchdown 1:07 Dolphins Kenny Stills: "I can play better" 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:19 Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Kenyan Drake talks about the Dolphins win over the Patriots Kenyan Drake, Miami Dolphins RB, talks to the media about the teams resilience after they defeated the New England Patriots at hard Rock Stadium. Kenyan Drake talks about the Dolphins win over the Patriots Kenyan Drake, Miami Dolphins RB, talks to the media about the teams resilience after they defeated the New England Patriots at hard Rock Stadium. Charles Trainor, Jr. ctrainor@miamiherald.com
The Dolphins used Grant at wide receiver. Like, legitimately outside, running routes deep down the field.
The Dolphins have wasted down after down this season trying to get the football to their tight ends. This night the team sometimes removed the tight end from the field and went with four wide receivers — and Grant was the extra receiver.
Gase has talked of intending to do this before but never gotten around to actually trying it for reasons only he knows. Well, the attempt Monday night paid off with a 25-yard touchdown.
(And there would have been a much longer touchdown except for the fact Grant dropped the pass. Maybe that's the reason we haven't seen this a bunch).
“We focused on ourselves this week, we tried to us as many guys as we could,” Gase said. “We wanted to see if you could use some things we haven't really shown in a while. A lot of the stuff we kind of dug up from earlier in the season. Guys executed the plan well.”
More Videos 1:44 Spoelstra after Heat's win in Memphis Pause 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game 1:36 Spoelstra on Heat's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis 0:51 Goran Dragic on being on national stamp in Slovenia 1:34 Dolphins Jarvis Landry on win against Jets and Matt Moore 1:21 Adam Gase on where Dolphins go after shutout loss to Ravens 0:39 Xavien Howard on his touchdown 1:07 Dolphins Kenny Stills: "I can play better" 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:19 Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dolphins coach Adam Gase after win over Patriots Miami Dolphins head coach Adam Gase speaks to the media after the Miami Dolphins defeat the New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium on Mon., Dec. 11, 2017. Dolphins coach Adam Gase after win over Patriots Miami Dolphins head coach Adam Gase speaks to the media after the Miami Dolphins defeat the New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium on Mon., Dec. 11, 2017. Al Diaz adiaz@miamiherald.com
The Dolphins did another thing we haven't seen nearly often enough this season: They protected quarterback Jay Cutler.
Cutler had plenty of time to throw the football practically all night. Yes, he was sacked. But that was the exception rather than the rule of the game. Given ample time to scan the field and pick out his receivers, Cutler completed 25 of 38 passes for 263 yards and three TDs.
It was one of his best games of the season.
We saw a difference in the Dolphins defense as well.
Against this team two weeks ago, the Dolphins made 20 mental errors on defense. There were New England receivers running wide open multiple times.
There was none of that this night. Indeed, the Dolphins seemed to offer the tightest coverage they have all season and perhaps that's a reason cornerback Xavien Howard intercepted two passes for the second consecutive week.
More Videos 1:44 Spoelstra after Heat's win in Memphis Pause 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game 1:36 Spoelstra on Heat's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis 0:51 Goran Dragic on being on national stamp in Slovenia 1:34 Dolphins Jarvis Landry on win against Jets and Matt Moore 1:21 Adam Gase on where Dolphins go after shutout loss to Ravens 0:39 Xavien Howard on his touchdown 1:07 Dolphins Kenny Stills: "I can play better" 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:19 Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
'I think is one of our most complete games thusfar,' Landry says Jarvis Landry, Miami Dolphins WR, talks to the media about the excitement of defeating the New England Patriots at Hard Rock Stadium. 'I think is one of our most complete games thusfar,' Landry says Jarvis Landry, Miami Dolphins WR, talks to the media about the excitement of defeating the New England Patriots at Hard Rock Stadium. Charles Trainor, Jr. ctrainor@miamiherald.com
The fact the Dolphins corrected what was an embarrassing number of busts from the first game is testament to defensive coordinator Matt Burke and players who didn't repeat the mistakes.
“They do a great job and they run the same offense,” defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. “Once you pick up on that and you don't make a lot of mistakes, it's pretty simple to stop it.”
One thing the Dolphins defense did carry over from the first meeting was their unrelenting chase of New England quarterback Tom Brady. Miami's defense lost that first meeting but beat up Brady in the process, knocking him downtime and again even as he was completing passes.
The Patriots took notice of that mistreatment and tried to protect Brady this game by having him get rid of the football quickly. It didn't work. No one was generally open. And Brady often misfired.
It was as if Brady was at times more concerned with not getting hit than getting a completion.
More Videos 1:44 Spoelstra after Heat's win in Memphis Pause 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game 1:36 Spoelstra on Heat's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis 0:51 Goran Dragic on being on national stamp in Slovenia 1:34 Dolphins Jarvis Landry on win against Jets and Matt Moore 1:21 Adam Gase on where Dolphins go after shutout loss to Ravens 0:39 Xavien Howard on his touchdown 1:07 Dolphins Kenny Stills: "I can play better" 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:19 Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler is pretty happy after victory Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler speaks to the media after the Miami Dolphins defeat the New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium on Monday, December 11, 2017. Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler is pretty happy after victory Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler speaks to the media after the Miami Dolphins defeat the New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium on Monday, December 11, 2017. Al Diaz adiaz@miamiherald.com
The question this all leaves us with, of course, is whether the Dolphins can carry this through to their final three games of the season?
The fact is the Dolphins remain a terrible bet to make the playoffs. They need to win out and they need help. But if they can continue what they seemingly started this night, there's no denying they give themselves a chance.
It's a crazy thought, isn't it? That the Dolphins might have a playoff chance the remainder of this season after so many weeks of frustration and terrible results?
It's nuts.
It's got to be the uniforms.
Police say seven people, including three teenagers, were injured in a New Year's Day shooting in Miami-Dade's West Little River neighborhood.
The Miami Herald reports that police say the victims were standing outside a house at around 6 p.m. Sunday when a car pulled and someone inside opened fire.
Police say six of the victims are in stable condition. A 17-year-old is in critical condition.
Police say there may be more than one suspect. A description of the suspect's vehicle was not given.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The series of bombings this month in the Texas capital city of Austin has generated a vast response by state and federal law enforcement agencies that are sifting through hundreds of tips to find what Austin Police Chief Brian Manley has described as a serial bomber.
Here's a look at the investigation so far, by the numbers:
— 2, 4: Number of people killed and the number wounded. The first explosion occurred March 2, killing a 39-year-old man. The latest happened Sunday evening, injuring 22- and 23-year-old men.
— 500: The number of leads that have been closed since the bombings began, according to Fred Milanowski, special agent in charge of the Houston division of the ATF.
— $115,000: Amount of reward being offered for a tip leading to a conviction.
— 350: Number of FBI agents currently involved in the investigation, according to FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs. Hundreds of other law enforcement personnel also are involved, including those with Austin police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
— 240: Approximate number of interviews conducted with witnesses, people calling in tips and others since the first explosion.
— 600: Calls that Austin police have responded to for suspicious packages since the second and third blasts happened March 12.
When it comes to MTV award shows, it's best to expect the unexpected as far as fashion's concerned. And while Sunday's Movie Awards did offer their fair share of stunning...
Carmen's son requires community service to help at the school. Carmen is okay with it as long as it goes toward her probation hours. Will they help get Carmen's ankle bracelet off?
A FORMER inmate at Limerick Prison was fined €150 after he admitted assaulting a prison officer while in custody serving a sentence.
Evan McCormack, aged 34, who has an address at Sandfield Centre, Ennis, County Clare pleaded guilty, at Limerick District Court, to an offence under the provisions of Section 2 of the Non Fatal Offences Against the Person Act.
Outling the facts of the case, Sergeant Donal Cronin said the incident happened on a landing at Limerick Prison, Mulgrave Street at around 9.50pm on May 27, 2016.
Mr McComack was being escorted from his cell to the main reception area of the prison by the male prisoner officer at the time.
Sgt Cronin said the defendant became violent and struck the prison officer in the face after he became aggressive when informed he was not going to be released as he had expected.
The named prison officer, the court heard, sustained a small cut inside his mouth as a result of being struck.
While he did not make a victim impact statement, Sgt Cronin confirmed the injured party did not require medical treatment and that the injury he sustained has since “resolved itself”.
The incident, the court heard, was captured on CCTV.
Judge O'Leary was told Mr McCormack has more than 40 previous convictions and that a number of them relate to assault offences.
Solicitor Tom Kiely said his client accepts his previous criminal record is “not good” and that what happened was a “particularly nasty” offence.
He said Mr McCormack accepts the prison officer was just doing his job and he informed the court he had apologised to him personally in the immediate aftermath of the assault.
He also made “full and frank” admissions when questioned about the incident by gardai.
Mr Kiely said the defendant suffers from psychiatric difficulties and that he is “prone to these outbursts” if he is abusing substances and not taking his prescribed medication.
He submitted he was “not on the appropriate regime” during his time in custody and that this had contributed to his behaviour.
Judge O'Leary was told Mr McCormack spent a number of weeks in hospital following his release from prison and that he is now engaging with a number of State agencies.
Noting his guilty plea and the fact that he is addressing his difficulties and attending a psychiatrist, Judge O'Leary imposed a €150 fine.
Image copyright Getty Images
From back and forth Twitter feuds, alleged fights in nightclubs to an extensive list of diss tracks, Drake is no stranger to rap beef.
The Canadian has once again found himself caught up in a spat, this time with 41-year-old rapper Pusha-T.
Drake recently released a diss track called Duppy Freestyle, to which Pusha T responded days later with The Story of Adidon.
Here are some other Drake rap feuds you may have forgotten about.
June 2012: Drake and Chris Brown
Image copyright Imeh Akpanudosen Image caption Chris Brown at the Alexander Wang x H&M Pre-Shop Party, 2014
Drake was romantically linked to Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Rihanna after the two artists released Take Care together.
So when the two rappers ended up in the same New York club later that year it didn't end well.
The story goes that Drake sent Chris Brown a note and a fight broke out.
That was never confirmed but in April 2013, in an interview with East Village Radio, the Canadian rapper said about Chris Brown:
"His insecurities are the fact that I make better music than him, that I'm more popping than him.
"And that at one point in life the woman that he loves to fell into my lap."
December 2012: Drake and Common
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Common performs at the 90th Annual Academy Awards, 2018
In late 2012, Common released his ninth studio album entitled The Dreamer/The Believer.
The album featured 12 songs but it was one track in particular that gained the attention of Drake fans.
The fourth song - Sweet - was criticised for taking subliminal shots at the Canadian, indirectly calling him soft.
During a live show in Las Vegas, Drake responded: "If Common got something to say, say it to my face."
After he confirmed the song was about Drake in a radio interview, Drake took the opportunity to respond on the track Stay Schemin.
But rapper Common wasted no time levelling the playing field. He remixed the track Stay Schemin, calling Drake out by name.
2013: Drake and Tyga
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tyga at Met Gala Celebration, May 2, 2016 in New York.
Drake and Tyga were once both under the music label YMCMB.
Back in 2009 the pair featured on YMCMB's song Bedrock together and a few years later in 2013, Drake's song The Motto.
But all was not as it seemed.
In an exclusive interview with Vibe magazine, Tyga said his relationship with Drake was forced.
"I don't like Drake as a person. He's just fake to me.
"We were forced together and it was kinda' like we were forcing relationships together."
Drake responded by liking Tyga's ex-girlfriend Blac Chyna's Instagram photos.
Compton born rapper Tyga went on to release Make It Work afterwards, which many says was aimed at Drake.
July 2015: Drake and Meek Mill
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Meek Mill at the debut of Dreamchasers x PUMA Collab, Roosevelt Mall on July 15, 2016
"Stop comparing Drake to me too... He doesn't write his own raps!"
It all started with a tweet in which Meek Mill claimed Drake had used a ghostwriter called Quentin Miller on his album.
Funkmaster Flex, an American hip-hop DJ supported Meek Mill's claims by releasing audio of Quentin Miller performing soon-to-be Drake songs.
Drake released Charged Up, a song in response.
Then four days later came another diss track aimed at Meek Mill, about his relationship with Nicki Minaj and who was in control.
"Is that a world tour or your girl's tour?"
The next day, Meek Mill released his response, Wanna Know, revealing another ghost written track by Quentin Miller.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Drake at Centre Court, Wimbledon, 2015
In fact, Drake has had that many run-ins with other rappers, that many often forget who the Canadian rapper has had a spat with in the past.
Joe Budden, P. Diddy, Kanye West, Kid Cudi and Ludacris are just a few other artists who Drake has had differences with.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
The U.N. envoy for Iraq is urging political leaders in this “crucial” post-election period to swiftly form an inclusive new government that works across sectarian and ethnic divides.
Jan Kubis told the Security Council on Wednesday that it's essentially the new government “works as one” to pursue political, economic and social reforms.
He urged Iraq's “political elites to draw the necessary conclusions” from this month's electoral turnout, the lowest since Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003. He cited “the need for improved representation, justice for all, democratic accountability, and good governance void of corruption, sectarian quota system, nepotism and patronage.”
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley also called this “a key moment in Iraqi history,” saying the next government will make important decisions “that will set Iraq's course for decades to come.”
Updated Feb. 15 with city's rejection of petition - A group of Clayton citizens is dealing with a setback in its effort to bring a massive expansion project directly to voters. The city has rejected a petition essentially calling for the more than $770-million Centene headquarters expansion to be put on the ballot.
Clayton's City Clerk presented a report to the board of aldermen last night which outlines her conclusions about why the petition does not comply with the city's charter.
It also contends there are not enough signatures for a petition that proposes amendments to the charter.
The group behind the effort has NOT determined its next steps.
Original Story From Feb. 13, 2017
Even though work is underway on a massive development that will change the Clayton skyline, some residents are still questioning the project. Plans call for Centene's headquarters expansion to be a multi-use development with office, retail, residential, parking and green space. A group of Clayton citizens has concerns, including whether too much of the deal was made without enough public input.
Clayton officials say that's not the case, adding there have been more than 21 hours of public meetings so far.
"That doesn't mean every single person got everything they wanted," said Clayton City Manager Craig Owens.
"But what it does mean is that we listened. And by the citizens, whose city it is, working with a developer who is deeply committed to this community, coming into a balance, we were able to make improvements along the way."
Some Clayton residents are not convinced, and have formed a political action committee in an effort to get the expansion on the ballot and give voters a direct say on whether it should move forward.
Stacey Smith helped launch the committee and told St. Louis Public Radio that she thinks the city, business interests and Centene have worked together to quietly bring the roughly $770 million project along.
"They've got the fence up around the area. Their bulldozers are leveling the ground. But there are a number of permits they still need to get, so it's not a done deal yet."
St. Louis Public Radio's Wayne Pratt reports on the issues some residents still have about the massive Centene headquarters expansion in Clayton.
Smith also stressed that she is not anti-Centene, but wants to be sure as many residents as possible have a say in deciding whether the massive project is the best thing for the city. She gives supporters including elected officials the benefit of the doubt in backing the Medicaid-managed care company's expansion.
"And I do believe they think it's good for the city," she said.
"But I would say, to me, I think there was a bit of being seduced by the possibility of how much money this might bring in to the city, and then the effect on the larger community and what it was going to be like day-to-day for the residents, I think, was put on a back burner."
Justin Perryman is another concerned resident. He has spent most of his life in Clayton and told St. Louis Public Radio he is not against Centene, but wants residents to have more of a voice when it comes to big projects.
"You know, we're working with City Hall to let them know that residents do concern themselves with the development of their community and that's a wonderful thing."
Many who oppose the project say it does not follow a master plan established by the city. Perryman is not sure where the expansion fits with that document, but understands why some property owners in the area have strong concerns.
"I know that the taller the tower, the more it's going to intrude upon the light space of the residents who live around that tower," he said.
"Even if it does work into the master plan, the fact is that we want to make sure that all the residents get a chance to speak and the vote is a good way to do that."
City officials and the developer counter that the project is following the plan and several adjustments have been made based on input gathered from hours of public meetings.
Clayco is overseeing construction.
"We don't think the project is out of line with the master plan at all," Clayco Chief Executive Officer Bob Clark said.
"While we know there were some people who didn't really like the project, the vast majority of the people that we talked to, even people who spoke up in planning meetings, were very positive about the project."
If it does go forward as expected, the expansion is expected to attract thousands of jobs to the region. University of Missouri-St. Louis Public Policy Research Center Director Mark Tranel says many jobs would be at Centene, but there would also be a spin-off effect at other employers. And the impact of those new jobs will be felt beyond Clayton, affecting schools, real estate and businesses, such as grocery stores outside the project area.
"Probably only a small percentage of these people will end up living in Clayton," Tranel said, while adding there is an even larger regional impact.
"For example, the economic development corporation, that serves the city and county area, it meets an objective for them to have something that they can go out and sell. 'Look, this is evidence of what a good market St. Louis is.'"
Stacey Smith is aware of the potential benefits. But after all the discussion, public meetings and revisions to the expansion plan she still goes back to when she first became aware of the project.
"I can remember in that moment reading the postcard and feeling like there is a disturbance in the force in Clayton. It was too big. The decision was too large. And, I felt we had been closed out of the simple question of does the community really want this?"
The Clayton city clerk is expected to give a report on the petition to the Board of Aldermen on Tuesday.
The city has posted information about the project on its website.
Centene also has details about the expansion posted online.
Follow Wayne on Twitter: @WayneRadio
MUNSTER have been dealt a double blow ahead of crucial upcoming Guinness PRO14 and Champions Cup fixtures with confirmation that out-half Tyler Bleyendaal and scrum-half Duncan Williams will miss the rest of the season through injury.
New Zealander Bleyendaal required surgery in a bid to rectify ongoing symptoms with his neck, while Williams underwent surgery after sustaining facial injuries during a training session last week.
Ireland winger Keith Earls became the latest injury concern as he hobbled off late on the Grand Slam-clinching victory over England at Twickenham on Saturday with a knee injury.
The Limerick-man will undergo a scan and require specialist assessment to determine the full extent of the injury.
Following Munster's defeat against Edinburgh in Murrayfield on Friday night, Simon Zebo (hamstring) and Alex Wootton (hip flexor) will be reviewed by the medical department today, Monday, while Jean Kleyn is following return to play protocols after sustaining a concussion.
Niall Scannell returns to full training this week as he recovers from a rib injury sustained against Glasgow Warriors at the end of February.
Munster face Scarlets in a crucial Guinness Pro14 clash this Saturday at Thomond Park, 5.30pm, before the focus switches to the big Champions Cup quarter-final fixture with Toulon on Easter Saturday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tommy Robinson was arrested outside Leeds Crown Court
Tommy Robinson has been jailed for being in "contempt of court". What does that mean? And who else has been found "in contempt"?
Contempt of court laws are designed to protect the rule of law, ensure fair trials - and avoid trial by media.
Contempt can be committed by a broad range of people and organisations including the press, jurors, and - as we have learned in recent years - social media users.
The maximum sentence for contempt of court is two years' imprisonment, but it can also be punished with a fine.
The law on contempt is set out in case law and the 1981 Contempt of Court Act.
It sets out the key areas and broad principles of what will amount to contempt. They include:
Publishing anything that creates a substantial risk of seriously prejudicing "active" criminal proceedings. Proceedings are 'active' when a suspect is arrested
"active" criminal proceedings. Proceedings are 'active' when a suspect is arrested Bringing into a court building a device for recording sound
Breaching the confidentiality of the jury's deliberations
Taking photographs or film in a court building is capable of being a contempt of court, as Tommy Robinson found out.
And breaching a court order or undertakings given to the court can also amount to contempt.
The Contempt of Court Act 1981 may pre-date the online age, but it is proving robust enough to capture online behaviour.
Image copyright PA Image caption Tommy Robinson outside Airdrie Sheriff Court for a separate case in April
In 2011, two newspapers were found in contempt for publishing photographs of a defendant in a murder trial posing with a gun.
The trial at Sheffield Crown Court in 2009 saw Ryan Ward convicted of murdering car mechanic Craig Wass by hitting him over the head with a brick.
Although the pictures were said to have been published in error, it is difficult to think of anything much more prejudicial to a defendant on trial for murder.
The actions of the Mail Online and the Sun were examples of 'strict liability' contempt - meaning intent was irrelevant.
The following year, the Daily Mail and the Daily Mirror were convicted of contempt following Levi Bellfield's conviction for the murder of the schoolgirl Milly Dowler.
The article published by the Daily Mirror detailed Bellfield's violent treatment and sexual abuse of his ex-wife and a former partner.
However, the jury still had to consider its verdict on an attempted abduction charge relating to another victim.
The jury had to be discharged, denying the victim and her family the chance of justice. Both papers were fined £10,000.
In 2011, in the first case of its kind, juror Joanne Fraill contacted the defendant Jamie Sewart via Facebook - causing a £6 million drugs trial to collapse.
The court heard the initial contact came after Fraill went on the social networking website and tracked down Sewart, saying: "You should know me - I've cried with you enough."
Fraill was jailed for eight months for contempt for both contacting Sewart and conducting searches online about the case. Sewart had already been cleared but other defendants were still on trial.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jamie Sewart, speaking in 2011 about Joanna Fraill
And in 2012 juror and university lecturer Theodora Dallas was jailed for six months for carrying out her own research about defendant Barry Medlock, who was on trial for causing grievous bodily harm.
Jurors are given strong and specific instructions to consider the defendant's guilt solely on the basis of evidence in the case - and not to carry out their own research.
In 2016 Damian Parker-Stokes was imprisoned for 15 months for taking photographs in court as his friend Ryan Sheppard was being jailed for murder.
Parker-Stokes took five photographs and a video of Sheppard in the dock. He posted one image of Sheppard on Sheppard's Facebook page with the words: "Respect g at least u had the balls to admit it ..."
The then Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas, said people who used Facebook to "mock the administration of justice" and "cause considerable concern" to a victim's family "must be deterred by the most severe sentences".
This undated image released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, shows Steven Wiggins, who was identified by the Humphreys County Sheriff's Office as a suspect in the killing of a sheriff's deputy. A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesman tells news outlets that the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday, May 30, 2018, after a vehicle was reported stolen. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigation via AP)
Warning: Graphic content
A tribe of chimpanzees killed and cannibalized their former leader — nicknamed Saddam for his “imperious air” — a rare incident possibly motivated by sex.
The 2013 attack — only the ninth recorded case of a chimp community killing one of its own — happened in Senegal, and was reported recently in the International Journal of Primatology, according to National Geographic.
“It was striking,” said the study's lead author, Professor Jill Pruetz, director of the Fongoli Savanna Chimpanzee Project, which released disturbing video footage of the incident.
“The female that cannibalized the body the most, she's the mother of the top two high-ranking males. Her sons were the only ones that really didn't attack the body aggressively.”
In the 54-second video, the dead chimp, identified as a 17-year-old male named Foudouko, is dragged around like a rag doll by his hungry comrades, who turn him into Sunday dinner, feasting on his torso and limbs, the footage reveals.
The primates finish off the attack by pounding his corpse with rocks and sticks.
Foudouko was considered an alpha male who was known as “somewhat of a tyrant” among the other apes, the researchers noted. But he lost power when his second-in-command, Mamadou, was injured.
He eventually was brought back into the fold thanks to his primate bro, David.
Yet several of the other apes apparently harbored resentments and plotted their revenge against Foudouko.
“We just happened to have at the time five young males all coming up in the hierarchy and those guys together didn't want to let Foudouko back in,” said Pruetz. “[Foudouko] was trying to come back in at a high rank, which was ultimately a foolish thing to do on his part.”
At dawn one day, Pruetz said, she heard Foudouko screaming, and found his ravaged corpse in a sleep nest nearby.
Chimps will attack rival tribes, but it is uncommon for them to attack members of their own social group, the researchers noted. Pruetz said Foudouko's killers could have been motivated by sex, with one theory being that the ex-alpha male approached a female chimp in heat.
Because male chimps outnumber females in the region, the younger males took exception, and went ape, the researchers suggest.
HALIFAX — At the rugged eastern edge of Cape Breton, the twin tunnels of the Donkin mine extend three kilometres under the Atlantic Ocean. At the end of those shafts is a massive coal deposit left untouched for more than three decades — until this year.
The rebirth of underground mining in Cape Breton was initially seen as a godsend for an economically depressed region desperate for well-paying jobs.
But the February revival of the 300-year-old industry ran into turbulence last month with news that 49 workers at the mine — about a third of its workforce — had been let go with eight weeks pay.
Today, some industry observers are wondering what went wrong. And at least one environmental critic is complaining the Nova Scotia government was wrong to approve the mine at a time when much of the world is turning its back on coal — the dirtiest of all fossil fuels.
“The economic prospects and the moral case for a coal mine in 2017 are both very weak,” says Stephen Thomas, energy campaign co-ordinator for the Halifax-based Ecology Action Centre.
“In this climate crisis … we know that coal is the dirtiest form of fossil fuel, so opening new mines for this type of fuel is certainly a step backward.”
The operator of the mine, Kameron Collieries ULC, said it had to cut jobs to keep the mine viable after workers encountered challenging conditions underground, hindering production.
“This transition was necessary to revise our operational mine plan and mining equipment to better suit the complex geological nature of this mine deposit,” company spokesman Shannon Campbell said in an emailed statement.
However, miners have come forward to complain about potentially unsafe working conditions and what they say is a heavy-handed management style.
Gary Taje, international staff representative for the United Mine Workers of America, says the company — a subsidiary of the U.S.-based Cline Group — fired the miners for complaining about how the mine is being run.
“They did that for one reason: to show everybody else that anybody can be fired at any time,” says Taje, whose union is hoping to eventually organize the non-unionized mine.
One of the miners who lost his job says he believes he and other experienced miners were fired because they spoke out about mining practices.
The miner, who asked to remain anonymous to ensure he is not blacklisted from other jobs, says the company has chosen to stick with inexperienced miners to quell dissent.
“They have a lot of the younger guys who are not going to say no to management,” says the miner, who has 30 years of experience and notes he doesn't think the mine is itself unsafe.
Campbell, the company's vice-president of external affairs, says safety “will always be the number one priority at the Donkin mine.”
As for the suggestion there are too few experienced miners on the job, Campbell said: “We based our decision on ensuring the remaining workforce was skilled and efficient in their roles to ensure the operation continues to be safe and economically viable.”
Nova Scotia Energy Minister Geoff MacLellan says the terminations are not an indication that the mine is in trouble.
“It's a short-term glitch,” he said in an interview from Glace Bay, part of his district and just west of the mine. “We've been assured that when the timing is right, they'll retool and add capacity.”
As well, he stressed that the miners who lost their jobs were not penalized for speaking out.
“This wasn't a targeting in any sense,” says MacLellan, whose father was a coal miner for 40 years. “Safety is the number one priority here. I've had discussions with Donkin mine officials on many occasions and they have reiterated that as well.”
The mine started producing coal Feb. 27 — 15 years after underground coal mining was declared officially dead in Nova Scotia. Some of the miners working there left jobs in the West to return home to Cape Breton.
But the reboot has had some issues.
During Donkin's first three months of operation, the province's Labour Department issued 10 compliance orders and 29 warnings for violations of workplace safety and underground mining regulations, the Cape Breton Post reported in August.
The province said most of those involved “non-imminent danger” violations, and the company responded by saying safety is the top priority at the mine.
“If they find something, I thank them as I don't want to not play by the rules,” Campbell told the Post.
Mine safety remains a top-of-mind issue in Nova Scotia, which has a long history of catastrophic mine disasters. In May, the province marked 25 years since the Westray coal mine beneath Plymouth, N.S., was rocked by a massive explosion that killed 26 miners. That mine never reopened.
Meanwhile, Donkin's managers have said they are keen to sell some of their coal to Nova Scotia Power Inc., which operates three coal-fired power plants in the province — two of them in Cape Breton.
But the privately owned power utility has said it must first test the coal to determine if it can afford emission controls to mitigate the sulphur and mercury content in the sedimentary rock.
Colin Hamilton, a commodities analyst with BMO Capital Markets in London, England, says it's not unusual for a mining company to rethink its mining plan, which spells out how and where the coal will be extracted from the coal seam.
Hamilton says even though coal mining is held in low regard by those concerned about climate change, it's important to remember the Donkin mine is primarily producing metallurgical coal, which is used to make steel.
While the long-term demand for thermal coal — used by electricity generation plants — is facing declining demand because of environmental pressures and competition from natural gas, that is not the case with metallurgical coal.
“Met coal is harder to replace and Asian steelmaking is highly reliant on met coal,” said Hamilton, adding that European steelmakers are always looking for reliable sources.
Robert Bell, a Vancouver-based independent industry consultant, says the price of met coal has almost doubled in the past 18 months to US$200 a ton.
“There's a huge market for this kind of coal,” Bell says. “The timing is good for anyone who has the ability to develop production of this kind of coal.”
Still, the environmental cost is too high, says Thomas, a mechanical engineer who specialized in energy systems before joining the Ecology Action Centre.
“Even China sees the writing on the wall on this and has drastically reduced the amount of coal it is using,” Thomas says, adding that if all of the coal in the Donkin mine was burned, it would be the equivalent of adding 274 million cars on the road.
Last month, Canada and the United Kingdom succeeded in getting 18 other nations to wean themselves off coal-fired power plants, but Saskatchewan and Nova Scotia are trying to negotiate their way out of Ottawa's domestic plan to set a 2030 deadline.
“Governments are very quick to approve these mines and even champion these mines, as Geoff MacLellan has,” Thomas says.
MacLellan says the province has exceeded federal targets for greenhouse gas reductions, and he says as long as there is a demand for coal, Cape Bretoners will keep working in the mine.
The Episcopal Church Women of St. Simon on the Sound recently helped the kids of Children in Crisis by donating a check for $2,000.
The donation was made possible from their recent Craft Fair and Rummage Sale. The donation will be used for food, clothing and other needed items for the children living at the CIC Neighborhood.
According to Ken Hair, CIC President & CEO, “This donation truly makes a difference and we are very thankful. Our Faith Community support really helps in our very important mission and taking care of the needs of our at-risk children.”
Children in Crisis, Inc. is a 501(c)(3), non-profit charity of caring people working together to provide homes and establish
hope to the abused, neglected, and abandoned children of our community. The Children's Neighborhood is a beautiful facility, built by the generous support of our community. To learn more about Children in Crisis call 850-864-4242
Among 113 countries surveyed in 2017 on adherence to the rule of law, the Philippines emerged with the biggest drop in ranking – from 70th to 88th (or 25th from the bottom). Billed as the Rule of Law Index, the survey involved getting inputs from 110,000 households and 3,000 experts around the world.
The survey is conducted yearly by the World Justice Project (WJP), a nonprofit organization founded in 2006 by the then head of the American Bar Association. It has since developed a global network. Among its numerous honorary chairs are former US president Jimmy Carter, former Ireland president Mary Robinson, South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu; from the Philippines, there's former Chief Justice Hilario Davide Jr.
It may be of some comfort to the Duterte government that the majority of the 113 countries surveyed dipped in ranking with regards to human rights performance, constraints on government powers, and civil and criminal justice.
But what the WJP finds worrisome is the decline in the rankings of 71 countries in upholding fundamental rights: such as the right to life and security, due process, absence of discrimination, freedom of expression and religion, right to privacy, freedom of association, and labor rights. Moreover, 64 countries did poorly in constraining government powers – which reaffirms the rising tide of autocratic regimes across the globe.
The Philippines is described as the “biggest mover” in the Rule of Law Index, for registering the “most significant”declines in constraints on government powers, fundamental rights, [public] order and security, and criminal justice. We are ranked at no. 13 among 15 countries in the East Asia and Pacific region, and at no. 17 among 30 lower-middle income nations.
Tepid was the Duterte government's reaction to the survey findings, dismissing them as “not based on reality.” However, presidential spokesperson Harry Roque acknowledged that the country's criminal justice system is “really weak… Victims of crime and human rights violations wait for a long time to get justice.” But this condition had long been there before Duterte's presidency, he added, and expressed confidence (tongue in cheek?) that under this administration the justice system would improve.
Perhaps Duterte felt reassured of the Trump administration's backing, since a State Department official described the United States as being “cautiously optimistic” that less extrajudicial killings would occur after the relaunching of Oplan Tokhang last Monday.
However, US foreign policy experts are troubled by Trump's “lionizing” of authoritarian personalities like the Russian president Vladimir Putin, Turkey's Tayyif Erdoğan, Egypt's Abdul Fattah el- Sisi, and Duterte. Trump's act, one expert quoted by The New York Times said, “cannot but help to embolden [these leaders'] efforts to crack down on civil society and crush dissent in their own countries.”
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno wasn't surprised by the survey findings. Referring to the WJP Rule of Law Index as “the landmark for global perception-based studies on the administration of justice,” she remarked in a speech on Wednesday:
“Despite all of (the) positive gains and even greater potential, we have to face the reality of the daily accounts of unsolved killings, many of them committed brazenly with public warnings against drug pushing and addiction. It is not surprising, therefore, that the perception of the rule of law in our country has swung from marked improvement to downgrade.”
The Philippines' ranking in the survey, Sereno pointed out, had risen from 60th in 2014 to 51st in 2015, but significantly dropped to 70th in 2016 (the year Duterte became president). Thus, the country's ranking steeply declined by 19 points in 2016 and by 18 points in 2017.
The Philippine judiciary, the chief justice advised, must take the index as an “indicator of the erosion of trust in the criminal justice system, in the civil justice system, and in regulatory agencies.”
Indicative of this erosion of trust in the criminal justice system are public reactions to the Oplan Tokhang relaunching, which PNP Director-General Ronaldo dela Rosa has promised would be “less bloody” than its two previous versions.
For instance, the human rights alliance Karapatan wryly commented that the relaunching, with new guidelines, is a tacit admission that something was fundamentally wrong with the “war on drugs” policy. Invoking a resurgence in illegal drug activities and related crimes as rationale for the relaunch, it said, proves that Oplan Tokhang and Oplan Double Barrel were ineffective after more than a year of implementation. Laughable, it added, is the claim that the drug campaign adheres to the rule of law and respect for human rights.
“How many policemen have escaped accountability? How many are emboldened to murder the poor with a free pass?” Karapatan asked. The right of the poor to due process, it noted, is routinely violated. “Ultimately this bloody campaign brings us to a dark realization: a still prevalent drug trade, a fraudulent police force, and thousands of poor Filipinos dead.”
As if affirming Karapatan's prognosis, the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency, which President Duterte had designated as lead agency in the anti-drug campaign in lieu of the PNP, has acknowledged that a group of Chinese inmates at the National Bilibid Prison have begun to supply illegal drugs inside and outside the penitentiary. Transactions are done via mobile phones that proliferate among the prisoners. Yes – despite security measures put in place by the Special Action Force, the supposed elite unit of the PNP which now handles the prison's security.
In the same vein, Bishop Pablo Virgilio David, vice president of the Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines, in whose diocese, Caloocan City, the most numerous drug-related executions have taken place, remonstrated to the PNP and the Duterte government:
“Good heavens, you have barely washed the blood, the blood that [has flowed] from Tokhang Parts I and II. You barely accounted for the lives [lost], and you would not accept one single case as extrajudicial killing, and then you launch it again. Let's not fool each other. You never unlaunched it.”
* * *
Email: satur.ocampo@gmail.com.
Published in Philippine Star
Feb. 3, 2018
If you're able to work, then you should — at least if you want food stamps.
That's what more than 80 percent of voters think, a new poll for the Foundation for Government Accountability finds. And it's actually already the law.
That's right: Officially, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program requires able-bodied adults without dependents to work, train or volunteer — at least part-time. That SNAP requirement was part of the 1996 welfare-reform package that President Bill Clinton worked out with a Republican Congress.
But it was undermined from the start, since it allowed the secretary of agriculture to waive work requirements in times of need. Yet while it might make sense to give waivers in areas with high unemployment, the Clinton-era bureaucrats who wrote the enabling regulations ensured that waivers would be ridiculously easy to get.
New York's latest request cites unemployment data from several years ago to justify its waiver. Just about every state plays some game.
But President Trump can have his Agriculture Department get going to write much tougher regulations, with no need to go to Congress. It's something the public will clearly support — as it has backed sensible welfare reform for decades.
And SNAP — now delivered via Electronic Benefit Cards rather than the old food-stamp coupons — has become a huge welfare program, booming under the last two presidents.
Indeed, enrollment has soared to over 42 million, 13 percent of the US population. And roughly half are able-bodied adults, who account for $34 billion of the program's benefits.
That's nuts.
If ever there was a time to push these folks back into the workforce, it's now: The economy is booming and employers are looking to hire, with 6 million jobs open across the country and unemployment at just 4.1 percent.
Requiring the able-bodied to do some kind of work in exchange for federal aid doesn't impose a hardship; it pushes them onto a path toward self-sufficiency.
The 1996 reforms for regular welfare proved that. Though liberals warned the new rules would lead to mass suffering, the reverse was true: Just from 1996 to 2000, 2.4 million of Americans formerly trapped in dependency went out and found jobs.
Team Trump is already offering states the chance to impose work requirements on those enrolled in Medicaid. Taking a similar step on food stamps should be a no-brainer.
MONTREAL — The Montreal Canadiens recalled forward Nikita Scherbak from the Laval Rocket of the American Hockey League on Friday.
Scherbak, a 2014 first round draft pick, has seven goals and 30 points in 24 AHL games this season.
He played twice for Montreal early in the season without recording a point before suffering a knee injury.
He will be available for afternoon games at the Bell Centre on Saturday against Anaheim and on Sunday against Ottawa.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hundreds of buildings have been tested following the Grenfell Tower fire last June
The standard UK fire safety test of building materials fails to properly assess risk, a study conducted after the Grenfell Tower blaze has suggested.
Research for insurance industry experts says the simulations in the British Standards Institution (BSI) test does not factor in "real world" conditions.
The government used the test to examine flammable cladding on buildings after the Grenfell disaster.
Ministers said they were committed to seeing safety standards improved.
The study was commissioned by the Association of British Insurers (ABI) and carried out by the Fire Protection Association (FPA). Both organisations are now calling for a review of the tests.
The ABI says the findings of its test have been given to Dame Judith Hackitt's review into building regulations and fire safety, which was set up after the fire at the tower block in North Kensington, west London, last June.
Lab safety exceeded
The research suggests real-life fires could burn hotter, spread faster and last longer than those in the safety checks.
BSI test BS8414 involves using a wood fire to set light to an L-shaped section of wall and allows architects to show a design including cladding and insulation is safe.
Researchers found replacing a fifth of the wood used to start the fire with plastic - which is involved in many blazes - increased the temperature by 100C.
The FPA said the tests assume the cladding is used as the manufacturer intended, but they will often be pierced by vents or ducts.
It added that real buildings have gaps in their facades either by design or because of poor workmanship. When this was simulated in the tests oxygen fuelled the flames, which eventually spread up the entire test rig.
In one instance the flames were still increasing and they had to be extinguished because lab safety conditions were exceeded.
Image copyright ABI Image caption Fire tests to simulate the impact of cladding on buildings have been carried out for insurers
The study comes after a police investigation on a door from Grenfell Tower discovered it could only withstand a blaze for 15 minutes - not the 30 for which it was designed.
Fundamental reform
A total of 71 residents of the 24-storey block died in the fire on 14 June last year.
Jonathan O'Neill, managing director of the FPA, said its tests "confirm long-held concerns by many in the fire sector that the current cladding test standard requires urgent review".
Huw Evans, director general of the ABI, said they were "yet more evidence that fundamental reform is needed to keep our homes and commercial premises safe from fire".
He added: "It is a matter of urgency that we create the right testing regime that properly replicates real-world conditions and keeps pace with building innovation and modern design."
A spokesman for the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government said: "We work closely with the British Standards Institution and they stand ready to present these findings to their expert technical committee who will review this accordingly."
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Uruguay's Luis Suarez reacts at the end of the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Uruguay's Luis Suarez, right, challenges for the ball with Portugal's Ricardo during the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Uruguay's Luis Suarez views the ball during the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Uruguay's Luis Suarez reacts during the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Uruguay's Luis Suarez celebrates after the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
By GERALD IMRAY
AP Sports Writer
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia (AP) - First, it was his hand. Then, his teeth. Luis Suarez's feet and football ability are yet to take center stage for Uruguay at a World Cup.
Maybe this time, now that his head is right.
Like Barcelona teammate and close friend Lionel Messi, Suarez could be playing for his World Cup legacy in Russia. At best he has three games left, starting with Friday's quarterfinal against France.
Messi's failures at the World Cup have been well documented. Suarez's experiences have been far rawer.
At both his previous tournaments, the Uruguay striker hasn't just left disappointed, he's left in disgrace, labeled a cheat in one and the world's dirtiest player in the other.
"You mature, you learn things and you live in the present," Suarez said at Uruguay's team base in Russia in the buildup to the France game.
In South Africa in 2010, Suarez's defining act was to block a goal-bound header from Ghana with his hand in the dying seconds of extra time in their quarterfinal. Suarez was sent off for the intentional handball but Ghana missed the resulting penalty.
Suarez's clear cheating and wild celebrations on the side of the field incensed a continent as it helped Uruguay reach the semifinals at the expense of Africa's last hope.
Four years ago in Brazil, there was an even more shocking exit: Suarez bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini in a group game - leaving visible teeth marks in Chiellini's left shoulder - and FIFA banned him for nine matches and four months, ending his tournament. It was the third time Suarez had been banned for biting an opponent.
Suarez, now 31, is back for another go at the World Cup, maybe his last.
At Uruguay's base he appeared unaffected by his ignominious history at the tournament, answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort. There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything, either.
Suarez has taken steps to address his on-field behavior for Uruguay, he said, with the help of Oscar Tabarez, the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez's entire international career.
"Tabarez helps a lot. He's one of the best coaches in the world because of his personality, the way he helps players," Suarez said. "Personally, he has helped me a lot. Before games, he always talks to me about what goes on in my head. That's important to me. That talk I have with him is important."
For over a decade, Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad, putting emphasis on humility, work ethic and respect for others.
That has manifested itself at the team's World Cup base in Russia, a sports center on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury.
From the camp, stories emerge of Uruguay's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals, wash their own boots, carry training equipment to and from the field, and, in a nod to plain good manners, start press conferences by greeting journalists with a "good morning" or "good afternoon."
Suarez also spoke about the "serenity" Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself, once the troublemaker, as now a veteran and a role model.
"Now I'm one of the oldest, an example ... the younger ones look up to us," Suarez said. "You get nervous (in games), but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm. You have to set a good example to the younger ones. You have learned how to handle these situations."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
Vice President Mike Pence, who calls his wife “mother,” was seen buying flowers this morning at a Whole Foods in Washington D.C. Happy Valentine's Day to mother and everyone else.
While grocery shopping for our family, hubby sees @VP shopping for his Valentine @WholeFoods. Hope my husband follows the Veep's lead… pic.twitter.com/ihXlfXu4wx — Greta Brawner (@gretabrawner) February 14, 2017
The J Show
Drake is the latest victim to get robbed! The rapper's team entered his home when they found a 24-year-old woman hanging out! She was caught wearing his hoodie and chugging down a Pepsi, Sprite and Fiji Water. Maybe she just needed to stay hydrated? LOL
Great Britain's Laura Muir will not take part in the 2018 Commonwealth Games to concentrate on her veterinary medicine studies.
The 24-year-old finished fourth and sixth in the 1,500m and 5,000m respectively at the World Athletics Championships in London.
READ MORE: Laura Muir to miss 2018 Commonwealth Games because of veterinary medicine exams
WATCH MORE: 5,000m gold for Kenya's Obiri as Muir finishes sixth
Image copyright SNS Image caption Neale Cooper (far right) celebrating Aberdeen's European Cup Winners' Cup success in 1983
Aberdeen great Willie Miller has paid tribute to late former team-mate Neale Cooper and described his death as "a huge loss" for everyone who knew him.
Cooper, who passed away aged 54 on Monday after collapsing at the weekend, was "a larger than life character" with a sharp sense of humour, said Miller.
The pair played in the Dons' 1983 European Cup Winners' Cup final-winning side that defeated Real Madrid in Sweden.
"A Gothenburg team-mate that's the first one to leave us and it's affected us all," Miller, 63, told BBC Scotland.
Miller said Cooper would be remembered fondly by his family but also the wider community in Aberdeen.
"I'm sure there are a whole host of Aberdonians with stories to tell having come across Neale Cooper - and they're all good stories," Miller said on BBC Radio Scotland's John Beattie programme.
Humour amid the hairdryer treatment
"You won't hear a bad story about Neale. I first came across him when he was 14 or 15; I watched him develop into an amazing footballer but I think he will be remembered for living life to the full.
"That was Neale, always with a smile on his face and always a joke on his lips and always friendly with everyone he came in touch with.
Image copyright SNS Image caption Even Sir Alex Ferguson's hairdryer treatment couldn't dampen Cooper's humour
"He was a much-loved person - you hear that being said about people over the years but in this case it's 100% correct."
Miller said his late former team-mate could prove mischievous, and his trademark humour would shine through, even when Sir Alex Ferguson was on the warpath. Ferguson managed the Dons from 1978 to 1986 and Cooper was a player there for most of that time.
"Neale was a big character in the dressing room and it was very difficult to have a serious conversation with him," Miller explained.
"He would always twist it round to have some kind of humour involved. When Sir Alex was having some of his hairdryer conversations, the last thing you wanted to do was catch Neale's eye in the dressing room because you knew at the time there would be some humour there or wickedness.
Image copyright SNS Image caption Miller describes Aberdeen's 1983 side as "a very special group of players"
"You didn't want to be laughing when Sir Alex was having a rant. But Neale would get away with it, he was renowned for his imitations of his ex-manager - they were hilarious and I think even Sir Alex found him entertaining."
Miller recounted how Cooper, who was born in India, came to Scotland and had designs on a first-team place at the heart of Aberdeen's defence.
"He was a young footballer who came to the club with the tag of 'the new [Franz] Beckenbauer'.
Image caption 'Did you go to Gothenburg?' - Cooper's funny memory of fan (recorded 2017)
"Of course, his only problem was that was my position... and there was no way I was going to let him take over as sweeper. I think I made that pretty clear to him!
"The manager converted him into a midfield player and a very good midfielder. He and Neil Simpson, as a midfield partnership, that was a real barrier, it certainly made my job easier. They could play, but their strengths were undoubtedly stopping the opposition and then feeding the ball to wider areas where there was a little bit more skill.
"Neale was a passionate footballer and he played with a big heart. It brings it home - when you're in a very special group of players and you feel that you can take on the world; these things are now in the past.
"He was 19 in 1983 and I was 27. There was quite a bit of difference between me and him; when something like this hits you so suddenly it brings back the frailties of life.
"We're trying to react to the situation the way Neale would react to it, although it's difficult. You do try to bring a bit of humour into it in these difficult times, because that's what Neale gave to us.
"That kind of attitude in life is so important - and he had it in abundance."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Kevin Harvick explained Tuesday night on his SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show why he raced Stewart-Haas Racing teammate Kurt Busch so hard at the end of stage 2 at Chicagoland Speedway and his reaction to Busch's radio rant.
Harvick passed Busch on the outside coming to the line to win the stage Sunday and score 10 points — and most importantly — one playoff point.
Busch went on a profanity-laced tirade on his radio before saying: “That's a teammate right there everybody. That's what a teammate does. Never expected that from a teammate.”
On his show “Happy Hours,” Harvick said:
“For us and the No. 4 team, I mean, every point matters. Honestly, I didn't hit him. I didn't run into him. Didn't move him out of the way. So, he kind of has those tirades on the radio quite a bit.
“I think for me, it's really about the (playoff) point. When you look at the weekend, we felt like we were not where we wanted to be from a car standpoint and were able to get a good points weekend out of it and a stage win. I hate that it hurt his feelings, but that's the way it goes sometimes.”
Harvick agreed that a teammate is given more respect on the track but said it's still racing.
“It's a situation where (at Stewart-Haas Racing) you are expected to race hard,” Harvick said. “There are no team orders. Everybody wants you to go out and race as hard as you can, and they want you to race each other as hard as you can without tearing up your race cars.
“For me, I didn't see anything that was out of bounds. When (NBC Sports') Dave (Burns) asked me that question after the race (about Busch), I didn't, obviously, hear the radio communication and the things out of Kurt's mouth. But for me in the car, I thought it was a good race, gave him thumbs up down the backstraightaway and he gave me the thumbs up back.
“I thought all was good. Like I say, those meltdowns are not uncommon from that particular radio.”
By winning the stage, Harvick increased his total to 27 playoffs points. Kyle Busch has a series-high 30 playoff points. Kurt Busch has two playoff points.
“Right now you want to try to win every stage, you want to try to win every race and everything you can because you never know what's going to happen,” Harvick said. “You look at Kyle Larson last year. Everybody thought Kyle Larson was a lock to the end of the year because of the bonus points he had. Well, guess what, he blew a motor and wrecked, all in one (round). … Anything can happen, no matter how many bonus points you have. But the more that you can gather, the more cushion that you give yourself against as many mistakes.”
This isn't the first difference of opinion between the two former champions at SHR.
They had issues after the race at Talladega Superspeedway in the 2016 playoffs. Busch hit Harvick's car on the cool-down lap. After they parked on pit road, Harvick went to Busch's car, reached in with his right hand and leaned into the car.
Here is the video of what happened in that 2016 race and what both said afterward:
Facebook's had video for a while now, and while it doesn't yet rival YouTube for overall views, it's definitely seeing more and more people watching things as they browse. Accordingly, we're all used to scrolling through the Facebook News Feed and flicking a video's sound on. Everyone is going to have to get used to not having to do this anymore, as Facebook has announced sound will be on by default for any video as it's scrolled past.
Videos will play with sound as they're scrolled through in the News Feed, then stop once they've disappeared from view. This change is almost certainly going to be controversial. Personally, I browse Facebook in quiet places - my local library, for example, or occasionally in group meetings. Sound on by default means that we'll all have to be more careful with those kinds of situations. However, there is a new setting, 'Videos in News Feed Start With Sound,' to turn this off, luckily. Similarly, if the phone is set to silent, sound will be off, but the video will still play as normal.
The other changes are, on the whole, smaller, although with the size of Facebook's userbase, they're bound to cause rankles with some users. Vertical videos now display better on the screen, with the video taking up more space on the News Feed. A video can also be minimized, similar to the YouTube Android app, so the Feed can still be scrolled as a video is playing in the bottom right. Lastly, a Facebook app for TV platforms is being rolled out to various app stores, including Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, and Samsung Smart TV. Curiously, Android TV is not included, but Facebook does say there are "more platforms to come," so maybe that means the company is having issues with our favorite TV OS.
The video sound change is rolling out slowly to Facebook users across the world, while the vertical video tweak is available now. Facebook doesn't say when the minimized video feature will see action, but it can't be too far away. If you've not got Facebook on your device, the app is available on the Google Play Store, or at APK Mirror.
Creator Simon Block and exec producer Francis Hopkinson tell RadioTimes.com how they've been "blown away" by fan support and are having conversations about the series' future
Series get cancelled all the time. It's how television works – some shows capture public imagination, soar in the ratings and executives fall over themselves to recommission. Others disappear with barely a ripple and their axing slips by, largely unnoticed and little mourned.
Advertisement
But then there are those shows whose abrupt demise has their fans up in arms. We've seen it before with Ripper Street, The Hour and In the Flesh – and now we've witnessed a similar outpouring from the viewers of Home Fires.
After two series, ITV have made the decision not to renew the period drama led by Samantha Bond and Francesca Annis. In reaction, fans took to social media and the Radio Times website in their droves to make their thoughts felt – thousands have voted in our poll, with an overwhelming 98% against ITV's decision to cancel the drama, and we've received hundreds of comments from upset viewers. An online petition calling for its return has over 11,500 signatures and the Women's Institute has thrown its weight behind the campaign.
RadioTimes.com spoke to creator Simon Block and executive producer Francis Hopkinson – both of whom were surprised by ITV's decision not to commission a third series.
“It's always difficult to gauge how things are going to go so you don't quite know what the criteria for whether something's going to carry on or not,” says Block. “It had held its audience, it had won its slots, figures were strong as far as I was told so in that sense I guess it was a surprise in that it went against what we were expecting based on the criteria we were told things get judged by.”
But while disappointed by ITV's call, Block is encouraged by the reaction among fans: “I've been blown away. When the news came out that it had been cancelled, suddenly everything went ballistic and you really get a sense of how passionately people feel about it. That was really a bit of a shock.”
In fact, the reaction is such that Hopkinson is actively exploring other avenues through which the drama can live on. “It's something we're talking about. I think the audience profile was very good – upmarket and female – and that's an audience that a lot of advertisers want so there is some interest.”
“We're talking to everyone,” he adds, although “it's just initial discussions at this stage.”
There's certainly a precedent set for axed shows finding a second life on other platforms. Take Ripper Street, for example, which was cancelled by the BBC in 2013 after two series, news that was met with uproar by the show's considerable fan base. Two months later – armed with a swelling of support – the show struck a deal with Amazon for a revival.
With a third series all mapped out, Block is also interested in continuing Home Fires on a different channel or platform. “If somebody said we'd like to make it somewhere else then that's what we were planning to do anyway. If ITV didn't want it and someone else wanted it, then of course we'd be interested in pursuing that.
“What's brilliant about the audience we've got is they're certainly wanting to make their voice felt about how disappointed they are that it's been cancelled. So on the basis that you could take them somewhere else and they would follow you to another channel then of course we'd all be interested in doing that – but whether that's likely to happen is another question.”
Chief among many of the fans' concerns is the gaping cliffhanger at the end of last Sunday's series finale. The (now final) episode saw a fighter plane crash into the house of butcher Bryn Brindsley as his wife was in labour with no indication of who survived and who perished.
Hopkinson maintains there was no hesitation around the open-ended series conclusion: “we thought we were coming back so we felt we were fairly safe. Maybe that was our mistake, feeling confident about it.”
“You have to write anything with some degree of confidence in what you're writing,” explains Block. “If you were trying to write it in a way that in any way pre-judged the possibility that it wouldn't go again then there's a danger that you short change the audience by half tying things up.
“I don't think the channel encouraged us to do that at all – they wanted us to be bold and dramatic and go for things. You go into it with that spirit, not with a semi-defeated ‘well it might not go again'.”
With the possibility of a revival still out there, neither Block nor Hopkinson want to spill exact plans for series three, but both offer teasing details of what any new episodes might have in store…
“Pat doesn't manage to escape from Bob and her romance with Marek continues at a distance,” hints Hopkinson. “We do lose a couple of much-loved characters who everyones grown to love and there is an illicit romance. And more WI action as well. That's all I'm going to tell you because it might come back.”
We did, however, squeeze a few more details out of Block. “One of the characters [doctor Will] is very ill so there's a limit to how long you can credibly continue with that character surviving,” he adds.
“We've got a female character who's gay and at the end of the second series she gets married and we intend to play that out properly and show how she's struggling to be open about her sexuality while at the same time she's being scrutinised within a close community.
“One of the interesting things from Twitter was that a lot of people seemed to think we were marrying that character off and therefore turning her straight for the convenience of ITV and that's the opposite of what we're trying to do. We're trying to show and reflect how difficult it was for a gay woman at that time in a small rural community to be open about her sexuality so a lot of people got married because it's safer, people don't question you.”
The Home Fires creators were thinking long term, too, with plans to extend the series to VE Day – and possibly even the years afterwards. “We hoped it would keep on coming back and we hoped we'd be able to follow the characters through the war and beyond.”
But, at least for now, the Home Fires story is ending prematurely and, as its creators explore ways to move forward, they're also enormously grateful for the wave of support from fans. After speaking on the phone, Simon Block sent me an email to that effect – a message for the show's fans:
“The audience's reaction to the news of the cancellation has been stunning. Everyone on the show – and at the channel – has worked very hard to have the audience emotionally invest in the characters and what they're going through, and they've done that fantastically week after week. They've genuinely taken the show to their hearts and then suddenly it's as if they've received a breakup text out of the blue, simply saying, ‘Thanks. Bye'. “What people like me forget at our peril is that without the audience a show like Home Fires doesn't really exist, except on a shelf somewhere in an unlit room. It only truly bursts into life when it ignites an audience's imagination, as they develop a relationship with the characters – empathising with some, identifying with others, reviling Bob! In that sense it's the audience's show as much as ours, and that's what I think they want to voice at the moment. And I support that 100%. For a writer who stares out of the window for 90% of his working life the reaction has been very affirming.”
Advertisement
The support is certainly there but the question remains – will Home Fire rise from the ashes?
Video
AcroCadabra is an acrobatic and dance act that incorporates magic and illusion.
The group, made up of 33 schoolchildren from Spotlight Stage School in Birmingham, feature in the live semi-finals for Britain's Got Talent.
If the dream of winning comes true, they hope to put the prize money towards entering next year's Dance World Cup.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A man is seen punching the equipment, damaging it beyond repair
The moment a man smashed up a defibrillator has been captured in CCTV footage.
The man is seen punching the life-saving equipment, damaging it beyond repair, outside the offices of BBC Radio Lancashire in Blackburn.
Police are investigating the 24 June incident and have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The machine was used to resuscitate a woman within a week of it being installed in April.
Cheryl Pickstock, of the North West Ambulance Service, said was left feeling "sickened".
Ms Pickstock, who runs Lancashire Lifesavers, which offers free CPR training for people and installed the defibrillator said it had been "really upsetting".
She added: "It is really frustrating. Everybody does a great deal of work to make these pieces of lifesaving equipment are available to save people's lives.
"When you hear someone has just done such a mindless act, it is deflating."
Ms Pickstock urged the perpetrator to hand himself in to police and suggested they should pay for a replacement machine.
Lancashire Lifesavers is a partnership between the BBC, Lancashire County Council and the North West Ambulance Service.
The campaign was launched by councillor Tony Jones after he was resuscitated by a fellow councillor after suffering a cardiac arrest last year.
Wigan Warriors sent out a statement of intent as they clinically dispatched of Salford 40-12.
Much of the talk surrounding the Warriors in the off-season has focused around their attack, with coach Shaun Wane stating they would re-think their style of play this season.
The early signs of that were extremely positive, with the combination of Sam Tomkins, George Williams, Sam Powell, Thomas Leuluai and Morgan Escare providing the Warriors with creativity and unpredictability lacking too often at times last year.
Wane's side had actually fallen behind to an early try through Kris Welham, but they responded with seven unanswered tries to secure a resounding victory.
Tom Davies and Oliver Gildart scored before the break to establish a 10-6 lead, and the Warriors raced through the gears in the second-half as Escare, Liam Marshall (2), Gildart and Tony Clubb all scored.
Niall Evalds scored a late consolation for the hosts, but it was a mere consolation.
A full report will be in Monday's League Express.
Red Devils: Evalds, Bibby, Welham, Sa'u, Johnson, Lui, O'Brien, Mossop, Wood, Tasi, Jones, Hauraki, McCarthy. Subs Burgess, Griffin, Littlejohn, Kopczak.
Tries: Welham, Evalds.
Goals: O'Brien (2)
Warriors: S Tomkins, Davies, Sarginson, Gildart, Marshall, Williams, Powell, Flower, Leuluai, Clubb, J Tomkins, Farrell, Sutton. Subs: Escare, Isa, Tautai, Nu'uausala.
Tries: Davies, Gildart (2), Escare, Marshall (2), Clubb.
Goals: S Tomkins (7)
Climate Change is Hurting Children the Most: Here is How to Protect Them
Esther Ngumbi is currently a postdoctoral researcher at Auburn University's College of Agriculture and a Food Security Fellow with Aspen Institute's New Voices Fellowship.Sam Dindi works in the field of tourism and wildlife management in Kenya
Feb 2 2018 (IPS) - In the United States, the 21 young people who are plaintiffs in the case Juliana v. United States will soon make their case against the government for failing to take action against climate change. Similar lawsuits have been filed in countries including Portugal, India, and Pakistan.
And in the 2017 Bonn climate change conference, a 12-year-old Fijian boy whose village had completely been devastated by cyclone linked to climate change, addressed negotiators and urged them to find solutions to the changing climate.
Sadly, these children are outliers and millions of their peers in other parts of the world, including children from sub-Saharan African countries, will never have the chance to tell the world how climate change harms them. All too often, children are the unseen victims of climate change.
policymakers and development organizations agree and have documented evidence that when properly implemented school feeding programs serve as incentives for children to attend and stay at school. And because they are not hungry, children can focus on their studies resulting in better performance.
According to UNICEF in 2017, 175,000 children were not attending primary and pre-primary school as a result of the food shortage in 10 counties and a further 1.2 million children in Kenya were in need of education assistance.
The report further states that more than 100,000 children aged less than five years need treatment for severe acute malnutrition. In Malawi and Mozambique and Madagascar, with little or no food to feed the families and income to pay for the girls school fees, parents have been forced to marry off young girls as young as 13 years to ease of the pressure from the family.
In Bangladesh, rising sea levels and flooding linked to climate change is reported to be destroying children's futures with tens of millions of children and their families at risk of losing their homes, land and livelihoods.
Despite being directly affected by climate change, children's plight is not addressed by the major stakeholders in the climate change negotiations including the UNFCCC, World Bank, African Development Bank Africa Climate Change Fund and country government climate mitigation plans.
Further, even though they were invited to attend and organize events at the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) meetings, established institutions, organizations and leaders see them as observers rather than collaborators.
As a matter of fact, many of the climate change adaptation and resilience programs in Africa and the global world rarely dedicate sections to think through about the plight of children. An in-depth look at recently launched initiatives by United Nations Development Programme, African Development Bank Group, World Meteorological Organization, the Government of Uganda, the Government of Malawi — an initiative to be funded by The World Bank and African Development Bank, the Government of Kenya, the Government of Sierra Leone reveals that many of these plans and initiatives fail to include and highlight the unique challenges climate change imposes on children.
Further, they do not have any detailed mitigation strategies to reduce the impact climate change has on this vulnerable group. And when mentioned, children are lumped together with women.
If we condemn our children to a life of poverty because they never got an education, or because they were married early due to climate change, where will our future scientists, doctors, educators, lawyers, and accountants come from? Clearly the world needs to do more: Governments and all stakeholders advocating for climate change need to put children first.
How?
First and foremost, climate policies documents must clearly state how they will mitigate the impact of climate change on children. At the same time, national governments and policy formulators need to come up with well thought out climate change strategies, adaptation and resilience programs to help reduce the impact climate change has on children.
Secondly, to help address school dropouts, child marriages and other impacts of climate change, schools in developing countries or other countries heavily impacted by climate change should introduce school feeding programs. The UN World Food program must be applauded for their efforts to ensure children stay at school through their school feeding programs.
However, it is time for the UNFCCC, World Bank and all other climate stakeholders and African countries to invest in school feeding programs as part of strategies to help children mitigate the impact of climate change.
Indeed, policymakers and development organizations agree and have documented evidence that when properly implemented school feeding programs serve as incentives for children to attend and stay at school. And because they are not hungry, children can focus on their studies resulting in better performance.
Furthermore, school feeding program would help remove a heavy burden on parents who cite the inability to feed their children as one of the reasons why they marry off the girls.
Thirdly, we must ensure that schools-the place where many children spend their time have access to sustainable clean water supplies. The impacts associated with lack of clean water especially to children are dire; hence providing schools with water should be made a priority.
A systemic review of over forty peer reviewed studies showed that access to water in schools helped increase girl child school attendance and positively impacted children's health.
World leaders, including French President Emmanuel Macron, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, continue to demonstrate leadership in the fight against climate change and stakeholders including UNFCC, African Development Bank, The World Bank should consider rolling out a special initiative that addresses the plight of children. Children are the stewards of the future and we must protect them against the harsh consequences of a changing climate.
The two members of the Capitol Police who were injured while engaging the gunman who opened fire on a Republican congressional baseball practice were being heralded as heroes on Wednesday.
Identifying the officers as David Bailey and Crystal Griner, House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi offered their thanks to the pair and the entire Capitol Police.
“I spoke with Special Agent Bailey and Special Agent Griner this morning,” Ryan told his colleagues on the House floor. “One was being treated and one was about to go into surgery. I expressed our profound gratitude to them. It is clear to me, based on various eyewitness accounts, that without these two heroes, Agent Bailey and Agent Griner, many lives would have been lost.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Alexandria Police Chief: Shooting Scene Was Like a Combat Situation 1:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to witnesses on the scene, Griner and Bailey had been posted behind the first base dugout of Eugene Simpson Stadium Park — where the Republican congressmen were practicing a day ahead of a scheduled game against their Democratic colleagues — when the shooting started.
The shooter, identified as James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, ducked behind the third base dugout and exchanged gunfire with the two members of the Capitol Police. He made his way up to a utility shed by home plate when he was shot. Witnesses estimated that more than 50 shots rang out.
“How fortunate we were that they were on the scene because their lives would have probably been lost,” Pelosi told members of Congress gathered in the Capitol Building “I want us to remember that every single day the Capitol Police protects all of us, takes risk for us.”
David Bailey Courtesy Kenneth Branson
Griner remained in good condition in the hospital after being shot in the ankle, and Bailey was treated and released after sustaining a minor non-gunshot wound injury during the chaos.
Most members of Congress are not given a security detail but Bailey and Griner had been assigned to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise because he in a leadership position.
“The United States Capitol Police is dedicated to its mission to protect the U.S. Capitol, Members of Congress, staff and the visiting public, and today we saw how our officers' extensive training and quick response saved lives," Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said in a statement.
Multiple members of Congress have credited the two officers with keeping the incident from becoming a mass murder.
Capitol Police Officer Crystal Griner, right, walks behind House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, middle, on Nov. 15, 2016. Andrew Harnik / AP
These folks are heroes,” said Rep. Chuck Fleischmann, who witnessed the incident. “I don't know who they were personally because this was part of Whip Scalise's detail, but for the fact that they were there the carnage would have been worse.”
Sen. Rand Paul, who said he was in a batting cage at the time said the police prevented a massacre.
“Everybody probably would have died except for the fact that the Capitol Hill police were there and the only reason they were there is because we had a member of leadership on our team," Paul told MSNBC. "If Scalise hadn't been on the team, unfortunately he was hit and I hope he does well, but also by him being there he probably saved everybody else's life."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rand Paul: Capitol Police Officers are Reason We Survived the Shooting 2:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Had they not been there it would have been a massacre," he added. "There's no escaping a guy with a, you know, he had several hundred bullets and we no weapons and no place to hide."
Scalise was shot in the hip during the assault and remained in critical condition on Wednesday evening.
According to a statement from his office, he remained “in good spirits" prior to surgery at Medstar Washington Hospital Center. He shared his thanks for the Capitol Police and the other first responders.
President Donald Trump shared that sentiment in a statement he gave to reporters Wednesday.
"Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault," Trump said. "Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims."
Spring has finally sprung and livestock is finally in the pasture. Spring turn out may be a little late this year but with some sunshine, the grass should have really started growing throughout the month of May.
As livestock are leaving the barn or the heavy use pad this time of year, a lot of producers are left with some management questions from the manure that is left behind in these areas.
If you haven't considered composting manure in the past this process may be easier than you think and could benefit your farm operation in more ways than one.
Benefits
Livestock manure can be spread right away after livestock leave an area, however, the volume of manure might exceed what a producer is able to handle and spread at one time.
Composting manure reduces the volume and produces a lighter, easier to handle, product. This product can be stored until the producer is ready to use or sell the product at a later date.
The available fertilizer nutrients in compost are released at a slower rate than those available in raw manure which could increase the value of the product.
Location
One thing that is very important to remember when composting manure is that producers need to consider the location of where the manure will be composted.
An indoor area is preferred but an outdoor location is still ideal with special considerations. Composting under a roof or a tarp can ensure that the manure will be protected from the weather and that nutrients will be not moved through runoff.
A three-sided bin, such as a fertilizer or feed bay, is a good indoor option because a loader can easily turn the pile against the walls. Piles can also be stored between round bales with a tarp over the pile for protection.
For outdoor composting, long piles placed in windrows can be utilized. The piles should be located on a surface with firm ground so the pile can be turned.
Drainage from the pile is an important consideration as well. Do not place the pile near a water source and consider planting a grass filter strip near the area so any runoff can be diverted to this area.
Composting process
Composting is a fairly simple process that takes inputs such as air, moisture, and manure, and breaks the material down with bacteria.
To create the bacteria, heat in the pile needs to reach between 145 and 160 degrees, according to the Natural Resources Conservation Service.
This process needs to cover all of the manure in the pile which where the turning process comes into effect.
Once the inside of the pile heats up for at least three days, the pile needs to turned to give the manure on the outside a chance to go through the composting process as well.
Turning the manure several times over a few months will eliminate weed seeds and germs, leaving a product that is dark brown and ready to be spread.
Other considerations
Once the manure becomes dry part way through the composting process, especially when stored indoors, water can be added to increase the moisture.
If the manure contains large material such as bedding, it may take longer to compost. It is best to chop large material before adding them to the pile.
Adding air to the middle of the piles through pipes can also cut down on the composting time.
Conclusion
Composted manure can solve a variety of problems for livestock producers such as manure storage, limited spreadable acres, and weed seeds in the manure.
The finished product should be tested for fertilizer value to use along with soil samples to ensure you are getting the most of your product. This simple explanation of composting manure should be used to help producers consider if this is an option for their operation.
If you are considering composting manure and would like more information, visit or call your local Soil and Water Conservation District or Natural Resources Conservation Service office for technical assistance.
On Sunday, the news that everyone knew was coming, but still really couldn't believe anyway finally hit: Chip Kelly was fired as the head coach of the San Francisco 49ers.
When the news became official, the first reaction was to discuss the absurdity of it all. How absurd it was to fire a head coach after just one season. How, even if Kelly did go to 2-14 this year, there was no way to really gauge his time at San Francisco and deem it a success or failure. How it was insane to expect Kelly to fix a broken organization, coming off a five-win season, in just one year.
But with the news now official, it's time to look ahead, and look at the juiciest possibility out there. With Kelly now fired from two different head coaching jobs in two seasons, it's time for him to return to college football. It's time for him to return to a place where he's not a punchline, but a living legend. And it's time for him to return to a place where he will almost literally be able to be able to pick his own job, and frankly, create his own market.
Think the college football coaching carousel was absurd before? Wait until Chip Kelly sits for an entire season, just waiting for his next gig. To quote Terrell Owens, “get your popcorn ready.” This is going to be fun.
Now before we get into the possibilities on Kelly, we should at least note that he has never previously seemed to have an interest in returning to the college game. When he was fired in Philly last year, Kelly made it a point to say he planned to stay in the pro game, and that he preferred the pro lifestyle. It wasn't a secret that Kelly had no interest in returning to college, where he had to adhere to a strict practice schedule and stricter NCAA rules, while also kissing butt on both the recruiting trail and with boosters.
At the same time, a lot has changed in the last year, and it's hard to imagine a market really existing for Kelly in the pro game. Rarely does a coach get a third crack at an NFL head coaching job, let alone after being fired by two different organizations in the previous two years. The best example of a guy getting a third shot is probably Pete Carroll, and even he needed a decade-long sabbatical at USC before that happened. So unless Kelly wants to become an offensive coordinator in the pros – which seems absurd for a guy who has spent almost a decade as a head coach – sitting out 2017 and returning to the college game in 2018 might be his only, real option.
And if Kelly doesn't return to college football next year, to quote Verne Lundquist, “My gracious,” will he be entering a volatile market. A number of big jobs could be open, and as the best candidate available by far, he could have the pick of the litter when it comes to opportunities.
Honestly, just close your eyes, sit back and think about all the jobs that could be available next December. Kevin Sumlin is skating on thin ice at Texas A&M after a third straight 8-5 season. Butch Jones has no margin for error after losing four his final regular season games at Tennessee. Notre Dame seems to have tired of Brian Kelly and Brian Kelly seems to have tired of Notre Dame, and a fresh start for both might be ideal. And the list of potential openings doesn't even include places like Auburn, Arkansas and UCLA, where another bad season could put those coaches in the cross-fire. Obviously, all those schools won't fire their coaches. But two or three will, and Kelly will have his pick of the best one (heck, if Kelly had just taken this advice last year, like I proposed, he'd almost certainly be the head coach at Texas or LSU right now).
Getty Images/Getty Images
Looking at the market, it's hard to find very many quality candidates available, if any at all. After Tom Herman, Jeff Brohm and Willie Taggart all took Power 5 jobs this past winter, who outside of P.J. Fleck looks like a sure thing? The answer is no one, and even Fleck's resume – while impressive – is embarrassingly thin compared to Kelly's. Understand, Kelly isn't a guy who could work, or who might be the answer, but quite literally one of the best college coaches of the last decade. As hard as it is to remember he was a monster on the college level, finishing with a staggering 87 percent win percentage in four years at Oregon, with four Pac-12 titles and an appearance in a national championship.
Add it up, and that sets up the ultimate, juicy, carousel storyline: A premiere, top-notch coach sitting on the open market for an entire season, while each fan-base sits around and salivates at the possibility of bringing him in with each impending loss.
Never before have we seen a coach with that resume, sit out for an extended period of time, just waiting for college jobs to open up. Only Urban Meyer – in the year following his departure from Florida – is close, but even that analogy isn't apples to apples, since no one knew if Meyer was physically healthy enough to return to coaching. But Kelly? He's rearing and ready to go and just needs a new home, and if he just sits out will literally create his own market, almost certainly able to pick between two or three top jobs, and name his own salary.
And frankly, I think what Meyer did in 2011 is Kelly's best bet for 2017. He needs to sit out the year, clear his head and relax. He needs to maybe get into TV, visit a bunch of college campuses, pick the brains of a bunch of his buddies like Meyer and Nick Saban and return with a vengeance to college in the 2018 season.
At this point, it's not only Chip Kelly's best option, but quite possibility his only option.
It's time for Chip Kelly to return to college football.
NASA's Curiosity Mars rover has been cruising along the martian surface for some time now. It doesn't move particularly fast, and in the years that it's been exploring Mars it's only tallied about ten miles of actual distance, but the red planet is a particularly unforgiving place for a robot with metal wheels and not much tread. Thanks to a recent examination of Curiosity's aluminum feet it's become abundantly clear just how brutal the rocky surface has been, and NASA has discovered that two pieces of the bot's left middle wheel are totally busted.
Curiosity's wheels have raised treads that give it a firm grip on the rocky, dusty Mars surface. They're called grousers, and since the rover can take some pretty fantastic selfies to show NASA what condition it's in, we now know that two of the grousers on one of the bot's wheels are busted (the raised chunk of metal on the top of the wheel in the photo below is one of them).
Having a partially bum wheel isn't the end of the road for Curiosity, however, and NASA expected and planned for just this type of news. The agency says that, based on Earth testing of the longevity of the rover's wheels, losing three grousers on a wheel means that it has about 40 percent of life left before it gives out completely. And, since Curiosity has already passed the 60 percent mark in its overall mission, finding a pair of busted treads at this stage of the game isn't great news, but it's also nothing to panic over.
Hungry thief swipes chicken, entire tray of biscuits Fingers lickin' crook! Cops are on the hunt for a greasy-fingered thief who was caught on camera stealing chicken and biscuits from a restaurant in the Bronx, officials said. Customers...
Birth of an Empire (Biscuit) It's 1:30 on a crisp, breezy Sunday afternoon, and Empire Biscuit in the East Village is packed. A line of peckish New Yorkers stretches to the back of the brand-new biscuit...
South African Women and girls need a way to be able to take their healthcare into their own hands in many rural areas. The Impilo Initiative is here to help.
Auckland, New Zealand (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
It's hardly a secret that the state of healthcare for women and girls in South African communities is desperately in need of improvement. Those living in rural areas suffer from many issues that could be prevented with a little education of knowledgeable information delivered by a professional. The good news is The Impilo Initiative is now here to help. The Impilo Initiative offers telemedicine services, something which many are calling the future of healthcare. A woman, mother or even child can, by the click of a button, be put in touch with a healthcare professional to have a face-to-face check up and be given quality guidance. With the incredible lack of access to medical care being experienced in South African rural communities, this will provide first-world health care without women having to leave their villages.
“The Impilo Initiative was designed to combine three of my favourite things – healthcare, technology and empowering women,” commented Elizabeth van Rooyen, Founder of the non-profit organization. “Equipping these women with advanced digital healthcare and education will allow them to take responsibility for their health – a lack of which is the root of so many issues in third world countries.”
According to shocking statistics, the South African healthcare crisis is quite severe, especially when it comes to women and girls. Healthcare access is limited and far removed from rural communities, places where often basic healthcare knowledge is quite low. This, and other factors have contributed to Africa having the world's highest rate of adolescent pregnancies and over 15% of South Africa's population suffering from HIV/AIDS. The Impilo Initiative aims to help fight these serious problems through education and helping women understand their bodies and associated rights, which can lead to prevention of some of these health issues or early detection which makes treatment substantially more effective.
The Impilio Initiative is actively searching for assistance in their important project both from those willing to donate, large or small, and from Doctors willing to join their team.
To learn more be sure to visit http://www.theimpiloinitiative.org.
About The Impilo Initiative
The Impilo Initiative is working to bring the power of telemedicine to rural parts of Africa – especially South Africa where poverty prevails, where disease is prevalent, where doctors are scarce, and where the healthcare infrastructure is dismally inadequate. The possibilities that telemedicine can bring to this region – regions like it – are tremendous.
TCP Fast Open (TFO) is a TCP mechanism that enables speedy data exchange between a client and a server during TCP's initial handshake. By using the TFO mechanism, you can reduce an application's network latency by the time required for one full round trip, which significantly reduces the delay experienced in short TCP transfers.
So how does it work? This picture describes it alot better!
It is important however that we need to have a supported client and a supported server to make this feature work. This feature was introduced in NetScaler 11.1 as it just needs some configuration to be able to work properly.
This can be done by adjusting a TCP Profile with the TCP Fast Open value
We can also define how long the TCP cookie should be used, by default this is set to zero (Which is defined in the TCP parameters on the NetScaler.
Read the entire article here, TCP Fast OPEN – Citrix NetScaler
via Marius Sandbu.
About
Mieu's original intention is to provide glasses of highly textured and sincere for customers, and hope to deliver a unique brand experience. In t… Read More
Mieu's original intention is to provide glasses of highly textured and sincere for customers, and hope to deliver a unique brand experience. In the process of design, as a result, I always adhere to such a criterion: how the interface matches the temperament of the products and conveys the personality of the brand and even the founder. For brands such as Mieu, glasses are not consumer products but medium for expressing art. At the same time, based on guaranteeing the necessary functions of the e-mall such as the use and operation of easy subterranean bills and pay of mieu , I think more about how to keep the interface concise, and being the same outside and inside. Read Less
Published:
Marcus Hutchins, the British cybersecurity researcher credited with stopping a worldwide ransomware attack in May, pleaded not guilty Monday to unrelated federal charges of creating and distributing his own well-known banking malware.
Hutchins, 23, of Ilfracombe, England, better known by the alias MalwareTech, could face as many as 40 years in prison if he's convicted on all six counts in the federal indictment (PDF), which accuses him of having created the notorious banking malware Kronos and of having conspired with an unidentified co-defendant to commit computer fraud beginning in July 2014.
British cybersecurity expert Marcus Hutchins was branded a hero for slowing the WannaCry global cyberattack in May. Frank Augstein / AP
Prosecutors haven't explained why Hutchins is being prosecuted in Wisconsin, and the grand jury indictment doesn't clarify matters much further, saying only that some of the alleged offenses occurred in Wisconsin "and elsewhere."
Hutchins remains free on $30,000 bail pending his next scheduled court appearance on Oct. 17. U.S. Magistrate Judge William E. Duffin loosened some of Hutchins' bail restrictions, allowing him to relocate to Los Angeles, near his legal team, and to resume using computers for work. He had been barred from using internet-connected devices after he was arrested Aug. 2 in Las Vegas, where he was attending the Black Hat and Def Con hacking conferences.
Hutchins had no comment as he left court, telling reporters only, "Thank you." But he resumed tweeting Monday evening, noting drily that "a few more issues need sorting out" before he can resume his normal routine.
Hoping I will be able to get back to working soon, but still a few more issues need sorting out. — MalwareTech (@MalwareTechBlog) August 14, 2017
Marcia Hoffman, an attorney for Hutchins, told reporters after the hearing that her client "will be fully vindicated."
"Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero," she said.
Hutchins is considered a hero because he is "MalwareTech," the once-mysterious white-hat hacker who discovered a "kill switch" for the WannaCry ransomware attack, which swept the globe in May. The so-called cryptoworm paralyzed computers running older versions of Microsoft Windows by encrypting users' files and demanding $300 to $600 to release them.
But the indictment paints Hutchins as something else altogether, describing him as a black-hat hacker who personally created Kronos — which it said "recorded and exfiltrated user credentials and personally identifying information from protected computers."
In an analysis in 2014, IBM researchers said Kronos — which went for $7,000 on the Russian underground market — worked by stealing the usernames and passwords of online banking customers, which could then be used to break into their accounts. It also featured special code that would prompt users to type in other highly sensitive information, like PIN numbers and security questions and answers.
0:47
Macon and Huntsville drop the gloves for a fight
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
Police have seized £30,000 of steroids in east Belfast.
The drugs were found at a property in Castlereagh Street on Tuesday afternoon.
Three men, aged 32, 47 and 63, have been arrested. All three remain in custody.
"This shows our commitment to address the issue of illegal drug use and supply in the east Belfast area," Insp Keith Hutchinson said.
Caribbean American Elected Officials
SOUTH FLORIDA – Elected officials in South Florida of Caribbean-American descent are represented in a many cities across South Florida.
As the Caribbean-American population continues to grow and become many have become more political savvy, and want to make a difference in the communities they reside.
Listed below are the various elected officials represented in South Florida:
City of Miramar
2300 Civic Center Place
Miramar, Florida 33025
(954) 602-3000
www.ci.miramar.fl.us
Elected Officials:
Mayor: Wayne M. Messam
Vice Mayor, Yvette Colbourne
Commissioner Winston F. Barnes
Commissioner Maxwell Chambers
Commissioner Darline Riggs
City of Lauderdale Lakes
4300 NW 36th St.
Lauderdale Lakes, FL 33319
(954)535-2730
www.lauderdalelakes.org
Elected Official(s):
Mayor Hazelle P. Rogers
Broward County
115 S. Andrews Ave., Room 411
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
954-357-7009
www.broward.org/Commission/District9/Pages/Default.aspx
Elected Official:
Commissioner Dale V. C. Holness
City of Sunrise
10770 West Oakland Park Boulevard
Sunrise, FL 33351
954-746-3250
Elected Official:
Commissioner Mark A. Douglas
City of Tamarac
7525 NW 88th Ave
Tamarac, FL 33321
954-597-3500
Elected Official:
Commissioner Marlon Bolton
Town of Pembroke Park
3150 SW 52nd Ave.
Pembroke Park, FL 33023
954-966-4600
Fax 954-966-5186
Elected Official:
Mayor Ashira Mohammed
City of North Miami Beach
17011 NE 19th Ave.
North Miami Beach, FL 33162
(305) 948-2986
Fax (305) 787-6036
www.ci.north-miami-beach.fl.us
Elected Official:
Councilman Frantz Pierre
City of North Miami
776 NE 125th St.
North Miami, FL 33161
(305) 893-6511
www.northmiamifl.gov
Elected Officials:
Mayor Dr. Smith Joseph
Councilwoman Marie Steril
Miami-Dade County
Stephen P. Clark Center
111 N.W. 1st Street, Suite 220
Miami, Florida 33128
305-375-4833 or 305-694-2779
Elected Official:
Chairman Jean Monestime
Florida House of Representatives
210 House Office Building
402 South Monroe Street
Tallahassee, FL 32399-1300
General Inquiries: (850) 488-1157
Elected Official:
Rep. Barrington Russell
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Rochdale Hornets coach Alan Kilshaw has launched a scathing attack on the performance of the officials after his side's defeat to Batley.
The Hornets were down to ten men at one point as they went down 34-14 to the Bulldogs.
Ben Moores and Gary Middlehurst were shown yellow and red cards respectively for alleged punching, and five minutes later Jordan Case was sent to the bench for 10 minutes for the use of his knees.
Incredibly, the Hornets scored during that period, but still suffered their latest defeat as Matt Diskin's side scored three times in either half.
Following the match, Kilshaw didn't hold back on his assessment of the officials.
“I thought it was comical,” he said.
“We get a bad rep that we're a bad team and referee's come here with that in mind. We had a team that were giving penalties away and given a team warning, he could have penalised them three times in the next set and we didn't get a penalty then for 20 minutes.
“Are you telling me around the ruck Batley were clean for 20 minutes? Not a chance.
“It's our supporters and people who pay good money that I feel sorry for because it's been ruined by those three blokes today, absolutely ruined.
“I'm really proud of our effort, I'm proud of everyone one of our players, we were scrambling and scored 12 v 10.
“We weren't squeaky clean, but there was no way they were miles better than us. The ruck was really slow for us, but once again, because it's us and the mindset of the officials, we get penalised.”
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
An ex-boxing champion encouraged Muslims to purchase handguns and shoot “the sons of monkey peoples,” a jury in the UK heard.
Anthony Small allegedly took to YouTube to tell Muslims to hijack cars and carry out terror attacks in the name of Islam.
The court was told that in a seven and a half minute rant that included references to restaurants like Burger King and McDonald's, Small said the choice was “either to accept the flame-grilled burger, or we are going to flame grill you from the sky.”
The 36-year-old claimed he wished to see a day when “tyrants” are removed and “we see a day when the Muwahideen then go to conquer the White House all the way in America and 10 Downing Street,” the court heard.
The video was posted on Youtube on September 12 and was titled “Eid message: too many hajjis not enough muwahideed,” a jury heard.
In the video, Small spoke directly to the camera and discussed the commercial and military influence of America and Israel.
On his channel, Small describes himself as a “former professional champion boxer who now works to take mankind out of the oppression of democracy & liberating them with Islam/shariah.”
Prosecutor Karen Robinson said: “On September 12, 2016, he published on his YouTube channel a video which he spoke directly to the camera and implored Muslims to take violent action against the West.”
“The prosecution say that the defendant's words were chosen carefully and knew full well their meaning and their meaning in the context by which they were delivered by him.”
“The general translation of that word — muwahideen, the plural of muwahhid — is those who practice true monotheism, the belief that there is only one God.”
“However, the term is also used by Islamic terrorist groups, primarily those who stress that they are waging violent jihad to create a world ruled solely by the Sharia.”
“He is a former professional boxer who has held both British and Commonwealth titles.”
“The defendant makes a clear call to action against the West, he says the choice is either to accept the flame-grilled burger or we are going to flame grill you from the sky.”
“He was making a clear call to action to his fellow Muslims.”
“The defendant references that in this holy land, Muslims will see signs of commercialization, i.e. McDonald's, Coca-Cola, Starbucks and the Hilton hotel, and that this is an indication of the US and Israel's control over them and Saudi Arabia.”
In the video, shown to the jury on Wednesday, Small said: “You think to yourself the one with a bit of insight the one with a bit of basira is going to say who is really controlling this place? Who is making, really making money off all these haji sahabs? Who is making money from all the plane tickets?”
“Who is in control? Indication that America and their puppet masters the Israelis are in control of them tyrant sell out apostate Saudi leaders, is in the McDonald's sign you see the Starbuck sign you see, the Coca-Cola sign everywhere.”
“What is great in number three million Muslims in one place.”
“Forget occupy Wall Street occupy St Paul's Cathedral or any of the Arab uprisings. Three million Muslims saying we are going nowhere until these tyrant apostate rulers are removed along with their Starbucks and their McDonald's, the Hilton hotel as well.”
“You're saying labaayk humma labaayk and above the house of Allah you have Hilton hotel, as a believer you are happy with this. That is what it is three million Muslims in one place, the place most sacred to Muslims, with tyrant building above that.”
“I am not calling for you to boycott Starbucks or McDonald's, instead buy Israeli-made Desert Eagles [guns], cock them back and let them go in the sons of monkeys peoples.”
Small beat Matthew Hall in 2009 at the Manchester Arena to win the British and Commonwealth light middleweight titles.
He successfully defended his titles once but was beaten by Sam Webb in Dagenham, East London, in 2010.
Small of Camberwell, South East London, won 23 of his 25 professional bouts, 16 of them by knockout.
The boxer also once appeared on a BBC 2 program called “Muslims Like Us” under a different name.
He denies one count of encouraging terrorism. The trial continues.
Tim Tebow makes elderly woman's day with personal message
It's videos like these that have helped make Tim Tebow a beloved figure.
Tebow was signing autographs for fans where his St. Lucie Mets play and received a special request. One fan asked Tebow to give a shoutout to an ailing grandmother, and the former football player more than complied:
Shoutout to Tim for the shoutout to his biggest fan. Definitely made my Grandma's day. Biggest smile she's had since her stroke. @TimTebow pic.twitter.com/9G2Y9JxJk0 — Danny Terp (@YungDaniel300) August 13, 2017
The best part was seeing the grandmother's reaction.
Tim Tebow really does have special powers. And all it took was him saying hi.
Image copyright Geograph/Simon Judd Image caption The body was discovered at Hinchingbrooke Country Park in Huntingdon on Thursday
A murder investigation is under way after a man's body was found in a park.
A member of the public made the discovery in a wooded area at Hinchingbrooke Country Park in Huntington on Thursday afternoon.
The deceased has been identified as Sam Mechelewski from Huntington, and Cambridgeshire Police said it believed it was a targeted attack.
In a statement, the victim's family said: "Sam was no angel, but his life should not have ended this way.
"The last 24 hours have been the worst of our lives. Sam will be greatly missed by his family and friends."
Police said a post-mortem examination had been carried out but details were yet to be released.
Officers are conducting searches in the area and house-to-house inquiries.
Det Ch Insp Adam Gallop said: "We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
"We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 20:00 GMT on Wednesday.
"I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw him that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency."
A man who helped secure big-name gigs for Sunderland is planning to return to the region with a new venture.
Gary Hutchinson, chair of Sunderland business group, has revealed plans to launch a new leisure company in the North East following a 12-month stint with the Football Association (FA).
The business leader left his role at Sunderland AFC in December last year to take on his Head of Club Wembley FA role - but now he plans to develop a new leisure company that will be headquartered from the North East.
He will leave the FA at the end of the year.
Mr Hutchinson said: “I have thoroughly enjoyed my time with the FA and I'm committed to supporting the organisation over the next few months, until they have plans in place to take Club Wembley forward in the new year.
“However, I have been pursuing a new business venture for the last few months, and it has very quickly moved from being just a concept to something I am ready to push the button on and turn into a reality. It's moving ahead rapidly, and I am sure it will continue to develop quickly.”
He added: “It's always been an ambition of mine to run a leisure group, and I'm in the process of finalising the purchase of my first venue.
“I'm hoping to be in a position to share more details of plans over the coming weeks. It is the first of a number of planned acquisitions – we have big plans.”
Further announcements on his new business venture are expected in the coming weeks.
Image copyright Essex Fire and Rescue Service Image caption At its height 12 fire crews were fighting the blaze, which was put out on Tuesday night
A security guard has described the "massive explosion" before a major fire ripped through an industrial area.
The blaze at an industrial unit and nearby field on Northwick Road, Canvey Island, Essex, started at about 14:00 BST on Tuesday.
At its height 12 fire crews were fighting the blaze, which was put out on Tuesday night.
The guard, who did not want to be named, was working at the site when the fire broke out.
Image copyright Essex Fire and Rescue Service Image caption The Essex Fire and Rescue Service said it was investigating the cause of the fire
He told the BBC: "I was sitting in a container where I am a security guard when I heard this massive explosion.
"I first thought that the container had been hit by another container, but when I got outside there were flames, 15ft high, bellowing overhead.
"I alerted other people and got a couple of dogs out."
Essex Fire and Rescue Service said it was investigating the cause of the fire, which claimed the life of one dog. No other casualties have been reported.
Image copyright @Dave__Bailey Image caption Firefighters managed to stop the fire from spreading to a neighbouring large metal warehouse
A fire service spokesman said: "The fire affected all five containers, several piles of scrap metal around the yard, a lorry trailer and a field the size of two football pitches.
"Firefighters managed to successfully stop the fire from spreading to a neighbouring large metal warehouse which contained a lorry and a number of other vehicles.
"An investigation into the cause of the fire will take place in due course."
The fire saw a nearby Morrisons supermarket and a McDonald's restaurant evacuated.
Nets' top free-agent target meets with the Lakers LAS VEGAS — The Lakers are viewed as the Nets' prime competition for Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, and that threat just got more real with the top unrestricted free agent on the...
The standouts — and flops — in Nets' first summer league taste LAS VEGAS — The Nets, with their roster comparatively veteran laden by the standards of summer league, should have an edge. They did Friday night in pulling out a 75-72...
Nets' roster moves start with a battle they're not used to having LAS VEGAS — Nets general manager Sean Marks can spend the next few days sweating out whether the Wizards match his offer sheet to Otto Porter Jr. But head coach...
Jeremy Lin insurance is high on Nets' to-do list The Nets' 20-62 season is over, but each game they won down the stretch with Jeremy Lin at point guard was a bittersweet reminder of the dozens they lost when...
Archie Goodwin sticks with Nets as latest scrap-heap hopeful The Nets have had pretty good luck with their in-season free-agent signings, even the D-Leaguers and 10-day deals, and are on the verge of a two-year contract to keep Archie...
TORONTO — The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for his transfer to Canada directly to the state's governor when he visits Toronto later this month.
In a letter to Gov. Rick Scott, Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask him personally to sign off on allowing their son, William Russell (Russ) Davies, to serve out his sentence in Canada.
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October, where the Davies are hoping they, or a friend of theirs, will be able to catch his attention.
“We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home,” the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press. “We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that his transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida.”
Russ Davies, 49, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach, Fla. Two years later, a jury convicted him of first-degree murder.
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies' trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham. The state's key witness — one of his five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences — admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime.
In addition, his public defender Carmen Corrente, now an assistant attorney general, made numerous mistakes at trial, some of which he admitted at the time.
Russ Davies, who has always denied firing the fatal shot, has long sought a transfer to serve out his sentence in Canada. Despite Canada's formal willingness to take him back, Florida has steadfastly refused to let him leave — and he remains in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole.
His parents, who used to visit him in prison in the Sunshine State, are no longer able to do so due to poor health.
“Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of his sentence,” their letter states. “We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime.”
Scott's office has not responded to a request for comment, but has previously said only that Davies' transfer request was under consideration.
In an interview Friday, Carol Davies, 74, said she's unsure whether her health will allow her to travel to Toronto from eastern Ontario to try to talk to Scott, but she knows what she would say:
“Why can't you bring him back?” Davies said she would ask the governor. “Why are you keeping him? There's no reason that kid should still be there.”
Which player is like a young Drogba?
Who has Jose Mourinho falling about laughing and whose performance was like a throwback to the 1970s? It's Garth Crooks' team of the week.
Ardrey Kell junior Christian Pickens (31) drives the lane in Friday's game at Berry. Jonathan Aguallo
NEW YORK — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
“It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person,” said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. “It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge.”
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communique or manifesto. He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
“This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future,” Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
“Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar,” he said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
“It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person,” Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
“They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber,” she said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
“Even the way they bend or roll the wire,” said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when he sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after his brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighbourhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
“If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that he has holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is,” she said, “that can be a strong contributor to his doing it again and not waiting a long period of time.”
——
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky//twitter.com/sedensky
Video
Police have been cracking down on drivers using mobile phones with the help of an unmarked van.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
White House advisers are floating the idea of replacing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson — whose prickly relationship with President Trump came to a head this week — with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, according to a report.
Axios reported that Pompeo is one of the few people Trump spends a lot of time with on a daily basis and is one of the few people in the administration who can deliver tough news to the president.
Pompeo also would have credibility with world leaders because he is firmly ensconced in Trump's inner circle — something that can't be said about Tillerson, according to the news site.
Trump is aware that a Tillerson departure would bring negative press at a time when White House chief of staff John Kelly is seeking stability in the chaotic West Wing, the report says.
But insiders say the fraught relationship between Trump and his top diplomat is beyond repair.
Trump was furious that Tillerson didn't fully deny calling the president a “f—— moron,” sources told Axios.
NBC News reported that the secretary of state called Trump a “moron” after a July 20 meeting at the Pentagon — and that he has considered quitting his post. Tillerson held a hastily called press conference this week in which he insisted he wasn't going anywhere and denied that Vice President Mike Pence had had to persuade him to remain.
But when asked if he had called Trump a “moron,” the former ExxonMobil chief demurred and said: “I'm not going to deal with petty stuff like that.”
A State Department spokeswoman later issued a clearer denial.
Trump reacted to Tillerson's press conference by tweeting: “The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!”
Tensions between Tillerson and Team Trump came to a boil around the time the president delivered a rambling, highly partisan and politicized address to the Boy Scouts of America, a group Tillerson led for two years, according NBC News.
The president recently appeared to scold Tillerson over his handling of the North Korean crisis — saying he was wasting his time making diplomatic overtures to dictator Kim Jong-un.
Another person whose name has been mentioned as a possible successor to Tillerson is UN Ambassador Nikki Haley.
Pompeo, a former congressman, is not viewed as eager to leave a job he loves — while Haley has been asserting herself as someone prepared for a larger role since she joined the administration, Politico reported.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom for the first time in more than 35 years.
Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980s during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt as sinful.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has recently backed reforms including lifting a ban on women driving and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment. The 32-year-old heir to the throne has also sought ways to boost local spending and create jobs amid lower oil prices.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM SEPT. 26: Saudi Arabia to End Ban on Women Drivers 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to Monday's announcement, a resolution was passed paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs have been able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also travel to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Fayez Nureldine / AFP - Getty Images
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from the male-only audience. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
The Ministry of Culture and Information did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The government says it will announce regulations in the coming weeks.
The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) - A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment purportedly made by an officer "mocking" the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, that killed one person and injured at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says he received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno later released a statement saying "There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer."
Officials say the matter will be taken before a police review board if the investigation finds the officer did make the comment.
James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of driving through a crowd of people protesting a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville on Saturday, killing a 32-year-old woman.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Chip Baskets is TV's weirdest rodeo clown The episodic descriptions for “Baskets” are as quirky as FX's low-key comedy series. “Christine tries a Denver omelette in Denver,” read an episode description from last season. And there's this...
The secret behind Martha Kelly's laid-back 'Baskets' character You'd be hard-pressed to find a more understated, offbeat TV character than Martha Brooks on “Baskets.” The soft-spoken, unflappable Costco insurance adjuster, played by stand-up comedian Martha Kelly, is friend...
Mulcahy calls for ladies final in Páirc 06 October 2017
Valerie Mulcahy, Cork ©INPHO Valerie Mulcahy, Cork ©INPHO
Valerie Mulcahy is hoping next year's Cork ladies football final will be played in the new Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
Following the record attendance of over 46,000 for the recent All-Ireland ladies football finals at Croke Park, Mulcahy believes it's high time the redeveloped Cork GAA headquarters was opened up to ladies football.
"I would love to see next year's county final held in Páirc Uí Chaoimh," the Cork ladies football legend wrote in her Irish Examiner column.
"If there is doubt about the level of support justifying opening the stadium, why not put it ahead of the men's county final? Are we not all the same community looking to enjoy the best of Cork club football?
"It's worth dreaming."
The Diamondbacks are paying for their coach's Apple Watch, just like the Red Sox did last month.
MLB announced Friday it was fining the Diamondbacks and coach Ariel Prieto each for Prieto's decision to wear the electronic device in the dugout during Wednesday night's win over the Rockies in the NL wild-card game.
An investigation into Prieto's fashion choice revealed no illegal actions, such as stealing signs, during the game in Phoenix, but MLB has a rule against wearing such devices in the dugout and handed down punishment accordingly. On Thursday, Prieto called wearing the watch on game night a “simple oversight and honest mistake.”
“MLB forensically examined Mr. Prieto's Apple Watch and his cell phone and interviewed Mr. Prieto,” the league said in a statement. “MLB found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cell phone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device, during Wednesday's game.
“Despite these findings, Mr. Prieto violated MLB's on-field regulation by having this device in the dugout. As a result, Mr. Prieto and the D-backs have each been fined an undisclosed amount.”
Commissioner Rob Manfred plans to take the Diamondbacks' money and donate it to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico, MLB added in the statement.
The Red Sox ignited the discussion around the use of high-tech devices when the Yankees believed they caught them using a coach's Apple Watch to steal signs during a game in August. Boston admitted to the violation and was fined an undisclosed amount.
At the time, Manfred warned teams that any future offense of this type would be met with harsher sanctions.
DES MOINES, Iowa — An Iowa-based utility is proposing a massive wind turbine project that would be the nation's first investor-owned electric utility to generate all of its customer demand from wind energy.
Des Moines-based MidAmerican Energy said Wednesday that it's submitting its proposal for a $922 million wind project to the Iowa Utilities Board. The utility says the project would generate 591 megawatts of power, or enough electricity to power 2.4 million homes.
If approved, the proposal would mark MidAmerican's 12th wind project.
MidAmerican is a subsidiary of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. It already has 2,189 wind turbines on 27 wind farms in Iowa, producing 4,400 megawatts of power.
If the latest project is approved and completed, the utility's total investment in wind will total more than $12 billion. The project is slated for completion in late 2020.
A chronology of key events
6th century BC - Area of what is now Turkmenistan forms part of the Persian Empire of Cyrus the Great.
Capital: Ashgabat Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Showpiece buildings dominate Ashgabat's skyline Showpiece buildings dominate Ashgabat's skyline Founded in 1881 as Russian military outpost
Largely destroyed in 1948 earthquake
Population: 605,000 Turkmenistan's gilded poverty
4th century BC - Alexander the Great of Macedonia conquers Central Asia.
7th century AD - Arabs conquer Central Asia and convert inhabitants Islam.
10th-13th centuries - Nomadic Oghuz Seljuk tribes - the ancestors of present-day Turkmens - and Mongols immigrate from northeast; Genghis Khan conquers the region.
15th-17th centuries - Southern part of modern Turkmenistan comes under Persian rule, while the northern part is dominated by the Uzbek-ruled states of Khiva and Bukhara.
Russian rule
1881 - Area of present-day Turkmenistan incorporated into Russian Turkestan after Battle of Gok Tepe.
1916 - Turkmens join other Central Asians in violently opposing Russian decree conscripting them for non-combatant duties.
1921 - Turkmenistan forms part of the Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (ASSR).
1925 - Turkmenistan becomes a fully-fledged constituent republic of the USSR.
1920s and 1930s - Sporadic armed resistance and popular uprisings in response to Soviet programme of agricultural collectivisation and secularisation.
1948 - Over 100,000 killed when earthquake devastates Ashgabat.
1960-67 - Turkmen cotton production expands dramatically following the completion of the Karakum Canal.
1985 - Saparmurat Niyazov assumes leadership of the Turkmen Communist Party, replacing Muhammad Gapurov, who had held the post since 1971.
1989 - Turkmen fledgling opposition sets up Agzybirlik people's front, which is banned by the Turkmen Communist Party the following year.
Independence
1990 - Turkmen parliament declares sovereignty and elects Saparmurat Niyazov as its chairman.
Post-Soviet Turkmenistan Image copyright Getty Images Children stand in front of the independence monument in Ashgabat Living standards dropped in the post-Soviet years
1991 - Saparmurat Niyazov supports attempted coup against Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, but declares independence just before the collapse of the USSR; joins Commonwealth of Independent States.
1992 - Turkmenistan adopts a new constitution making the president head of government as well as head of state and giving him the option to appoint a prime minister at any time; President Niyazov re-elected in direct popular ballot in which he stood unopposed.
1993 - Turkmenistan introduces the manat as its national currency, begins programme of cautious economic reform and encourages foreign investment in its oil and gas reserves.
1994 - Referendum approves extending President Niyazov's term until 2002 without the need for an election.
1997 - Turkmenistan legalises private ownership of land.
1998 - Natural-gas pipeline to Iran opens.
President for life
1999 - Parliament votes Saparmurat Niyazov president for life. Death penalty abolished.
2000 - President Niyazov announces that he will step down by 2010, after reaching the age of 70.
2000 - President Niyazov announces plans for a 2,000 sq km artificial lake, to be built in the Karakum desert. The lake would aim to guarantee water supplies, but scientists warn the plan could wreck the local environment.
2002 August - President Niyazov renames the months of the year after himself, his mother and a book he wrote, the Ruhnama.
Parliamentary elections 2004 Image copyright Getty Images Elections were denounced by exiled opponents of authoritarian President Niyazov; there were no opposition candidates Turkmenistan poll turnout 'low'
2002 November - President Niyazov unhurt as his motorcade comes under fire in capital. Authorities blame "mercenaries" acting for exiled opposition leaders who in turn accuse Niyazov of staging incident as excuse to crack down.
Opposition activist and former foreign minister Boris Shikhmuradov is soon arrested, accused of being masterminded and sentenced to life imprisonment. More than 40 others convicted and jailed.
2003 April - Agreement signed with Russian Gazprom monopoly under which Russia will buy 60bn cubic metres of Turkmen gas annually.
President Niyazov decree cancels 1993 dual citizenship agreement with Russia, sparking diplomatic row with Moscow.
2004 August - President Niyazov orders the construction of a giant ice palace in the desert.
2004 November - Turkmen and Uzbek presidents sign friendship declaration, agreement on water resources.
2005 February - President Niyazov undergoes eye operation. Suggests closing hospitals other than those in capital.
2005 May - Deputy Prime Minister Elly Kurbanmuradov, a senior figure in charge of the energy sector, is sacked. He is subsequently jailed for 25 years on charges which include corruption.
2005 July - Rejep Saparov sacked as head of presidential administration and sentenced to 20 years in jail for corruption.
Energy deals
2006 January - President Niyazov orders substantial cuts to state pensions saying he wants to "bring order" to the system.
2006 April - Agreement signed with Beijing on building pipeline to supply Turkmen gas to China.
2006 September - Russia's Gazprom agrees to pay 54% more for supplies of Turkmen gas.
Radio Liberty journalist and human rights activist Ogulsapar Muradova dies in prison. The authorities insist that she died from natural causes but her family dispute this.
President dies
2006 21 December - Death of President Niyazov from heart failure is announced.
2007 14 February - Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov is declared the winner of presidential elections, in which no opposition candidate was allowed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Peoples Council promised a multi-party system in 2008
2007 July - Russia, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan agree to build new pipeline north of the Caspian Sea which will ensure Russian access to Turkmen gas.
2008 January - Turkmenistan cuts gas supplies to Iran, blaming a technical fault and Iran's failure to pay for supplies. Iran reacts angrily, saying its neighbour wants to double the price.
2008 April - Turkmenistan reverts to traditional Gregorian calendar.
2008 May - President orders removal of rotating gold statue of his predecessor in Ashgabat.
New constitution
2008 September - People's Council approves new constitution that replaced it with larger, directly-elected parliament and promise of multi-party system.
2008 December - First elections held under new constitution, still dominated by pro-government candidates.
2009 December - Pipeline opened for gas exports to China, breaking Russia's stranglehold on Turkmenistan's energy reserves.
2010 January - Turkmenistan opens second gas pipeline to Iran.
2010 July - President Berdymukhamedov suggests that private newspapers might be allowed. International media freedom monitors dismiss his comments as window-dressing.
2010 November - Turkmenistan says it will supply gas for the planned Nabucco pipeline, a project to allow EU countries to rely less on Russian supplies. The country says it will have up to 40bn cubic metres (1,412bn cu ft) of spare gas annually.
2010 December - Turkmenistan agrees to the "Tapi" deal to build a pipeline to carry gas across Afghanistan to Pakistan and India. No details are given about funding or how to secure a pipeline that would have to cross the violent Afghan-Pakistan border area.
2011 May - In a move seen as designed to further restrict access to foreign media, President Berdymukhamedov says the number of satellite dishes in Turkmenistan will be limited.
2011 October - Parliament supports a motion conferring the title "hero of the nation" on President Berdymukhamedov.
Corruption listing
2011 December - Transparency International names Turkmenistan as joint third most corrupt country in the world.
2012 February - President Berdymukhamedov wins a second term in office, standing against token candidates and securing over 97% of the vote.
2012 August - The Party of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs of Turkmenistan becomes the first political party to be formed in the country since independence from the USSR in 1991.
2012 December - The country's first population census since 1995 takes place.
2013 September - Afghanistan and Turkmenistan sign 30-year gas agreement.
2013 December - Turkmenistan holds first multi-party elections albeit without any credible opposition to the ruling Democratic Party.
2014 November - The four state gas companies of Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and India establish a company that will build, own and operate the planned 1,800-km Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) natural gas pipeline.
2015 January - Turkmenistan devalues its currency by 19 percent against the US dollar - the first such depreciation in almost seven years - amid a slump in energy prices and a weak Russian rouble.
2015 November - Construction work starts on a $10bn pipeline which will carry gas from Turkmenistan to India, Pakistani and Afghanistan.
2016 September - Constitutional changes extend the presidential term limit from five to seven years ahead of a presidential vote on 12 February 2017.
2017 February - President Berdymukhamedov gains a third term in office.
A selection of work from early 2017
Top to bottom — Kentizan for Personal Work, Jordan Coourt, Joey Bada$$ for Rolling Stone, USA Investors for Institutional Investor, Why Humans Build Upwards for TIME, 3 Seasons style guide & EMI Top 40 Hip Hop chart cover.
Grade 5 students at Whitecourt Central School were given a unique assignment of bringing their history studies to life.
The Live Wax Museum project had the school's 120 Grade 5 students choose a Canadian historical figure, dress up as them and provide a presentation on their accomplishments in the school's gymnasium.
“We wanted to represent Canadian history without just doing pencil and paper, so the students had to pick a historic Canadian figure, research them and then come up with a costume and memorize a speech in order to come to life in the wax museum,” said Heather Czenczek, a Grade 5 social studies teacher who helped organize the event with her counterparts.
Everyone from Canadian literary icon Alice Munro to Parti Québécois founder René Lévesque was represented.
Aimee Clarke, another Grade 5 social studies educator, said the students chose their historical figures based on a combination of the curriculum, consultation with their teachers and independent research.
The teachers wanted to ensure the students did some historical research, so entertainers and athletes — such as Drake, Alanis Morrissette, Wayne Gretzky, Keanu Reeves — were off the agenda.
“We asked them to choose Canadians that made a big impact in Canada and to stay away from the Justin Biebers of the world ... Terry Fox was chosen by a few students, but he's made a big impact on Canada, so we let the students choose that one,” Czenczek said.
Central School assistant principal Tim Bowman emphasized the project as a way to engage students in Canadian history beyond homework and exams.
“Part of the Grade 5 curriculum is to understand Canadian history. (It) can be hard to bring to life many-years-ago history for kids and keep it in context,” said Bowman.
“This activity allows for that exact thing to happen — bring to life real Canadian icons. The kids really enjoy the chance then to research it and become that person in a format that allows them to really show off a little bit of their research,” he said. “It's a real neat way to celebrate Canada's history.”
jappel@postmedia.com
Twitter: @jerapp3
As The Times-Gazette celebrates its 200th anniversary, we'll take a look back each Saturday at some of the important, interesting or even odd events as they were reported during the same week throughout the years, along with interesting advertising features from back in the day.
This week in 1912, a check forger “with more nerve than good hard sense” made off with $13.10 from local merchants in Hillsboro.
The article, featured in The Hillsboro Dispatch, said the “tolerably dressed young man” passed a false check at Fuller & Ross grocery on North High Street and never returned.
The folks at Fuller & Ross at the end of the day talked to other area store owners, and, after some discussion, “they knew they had been stung.”
Meanwhile, another man got away with a watch valued at $17.50 from the E.W. Muntz jewelry store. The man was described as having “a narrow face, a drooping mustache and an asthmatic wheeze.”
At the top of the front page of The Hillsboro Dispatch was a header reading, “Publicity means push — push is a fundamental factor in get-there-ism. Advertise!”
C.M. Kerns on East Main Street in Hillsboro advertised muslin underwear at 25-percent cheaper than the same quality elsewhere.
In classifieds: “WANTED — Middle aged lady to make her home with two old people. A good home furnished with wages paid weekly.”
Honorable mention, from an article on the front page: “Next summer, if we can rely on the promises of an obscure German inventor and the moving picture interests that are behind him, we are to have outdoor moving picture performances in broad daylight.”
This week in 1945, the pages of The News Herald were filled with injury and casualty reports from Word War II.
An article on the front page reported one Highland County man was injured in combat in Belgium, while another was reported missing in action somewhere in France, and another, a paratrooper, was killed in Luxembourg.
It was reported that whiskey rations would be cut for a three-week period extending through mid-February from two quarts, fifths or four pints to one quart, fifth or two pints on any one card.
Immediately below that report, in bold: “Buy more war bonds!”
Boscul coffee was advertised at Schaeffer's Supermarket for 33 cents per pound in a glass jar. Smoked pork jowl was 21 cents per pound, and pure hog lard — David Davis brand — was 17 cents per pound. Macaroni was 15 cents for a bulk two-pound bag.
It was reported that the Women's Council and Missionary Society of the Marshall Church of Christ spent an evening at the home of Mrs. Thelma Layman on North West Street. The group sang “Joy to the World,” and joined hands for a prayer circle.
The Colony Theatre, at the time owned by Chakeres Theatres, offered showings of “Tahiti Nights,” starring Jinx Falkenburg, and “Vigilantes of Dodge City,” starring Wild Bill Elliott as Red Ryder. Showings of “Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo” were coming up.
It was reported that 63 foxes, 22 of them females, had been killed in a campaign sponsored by the Greene County Fish and Game Association. Bounties were offered for any fox kills in the area.
In classifieds: “WANTED — Man to work on farm. House with electricity. Wages and extras.”
This week in 1970, a front-page photo in The Hillsboro Press-Gazette showed health officials issuing measles vaccines to local students.
It was reported that a Winchester youth was killed in Vietnam after he stepped on a booby trap.
A 16-year-old was arrested for stealing cash from Ed Stewart's Texaco Station on North High Street. The thief entered through a window and “cleaned out the silver” from the cash register.
It was reported that the Air Force Reserve at the Clinton County Air Force Base had achieved its first aircraft accident-free year.
Inflatable Walt Disney toys were on sale at Murphy's for 76 cents each. “Petroleum-proof” Red Wing shoes were advertised as a “sure cure for 5 o'clock feet” at Wells on West Main Street in Hillsboro.
A 12-year-old boy was reportedly not injured after being struck by a car at West Main Street and Oak Street.
Mrs. Mary L. Layman, owner of Wanta Linga Shopping Center at Rocky Fork Lake, returned from a “jet plane trip” to Dallas, Tx., where she had attended a merchandise show.
Bright Local Superintendent Keith Baldridge and Belfast Principal Fay Kisling issued a statement saying the schools had been having trouble with people using the Belfast and Concord gymnasiums without following proper protocol. In fact, “At Belfast, people just force their way into the gymnasium and use it at their convenience,” the statement said. “This will cease immediately!”
This week in 1990, the Hillsboro Press-Gazette reported an upcoming meeting would yield information on the long-rumored construction of a new bowling alley in Hillsboro.
The article read, in part, “Hillsboro has been without a bowling alley since the Highlander was destroyed by fire in the late '60s. The bowling alley will reportedly be located on West Main St. (U.S. 50) on the west end of Hillsboro near the Highland Computer Forms (formerly Robertshaw) plant.”
The bowling alley was to offer 24 lanes, “all fully computerized,” as well as a snack bar and lounge.
An advertisement for the Environmental Protection Agency urged area residents to have their homes tested for radon.
Another advertisement, this one from the Crime Prevention Coalition, showed a photo of a pen and paper, a pair of binoculars and a rotary phone above the heading, “Everything you need to close down a crackhouse.”
Kendall motor oil was advertised for just 59 cents per quart at Autoworks.
In sports, the Hillsboro Indians stretched a basketball winning streak to 37 games with an 85-64 victory against the Wilmington Hurricane. The Lynchburg-Clay Mustangs narrowly missed an upset against Manchester when they lost 66-65.
It was reported that Highland County's jobless rate was at 6.9 percent.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/02/web1_look-back-logo.jpg
A weekly look back at news items through the years
A Colorado mom says police officers shut down her boys' lemonade stand over a permitting issue. ABC 7
A Tennessee mother who felt some pain after catching her left ring finger on the fence at her son's T-ball practice said she initially thought her wedding band had cut her skin, but then she looked down and realized that her finger was gone.
“When I hopped down, my finger just didn't come with me,” Chelsey Brown, of Clarksville, told Fox News.
Brown's husband, Kyle, quickly ripped his shirt off and put it on her hand to stop the bleeding. The two rushed to the car and were met by a nurse who came running from a nearby field.
“A nurse from another field came running over to the car and was like ‘I'm a nurse, do you need a First Aid kit?' and I was like, ‘It's my finger, it's gone,'” Brown said. “She was like ‘Where is it?' and I said ‘It's still on the gate.'”
Brown's husband went to retrieve her finger, which was hanging on the fence by her ring, while the nurse used a cell-phone charger to form a makeshift tourniquet to stop the bleeding. They rushed to nearby Tennova Healthcare, where doctors arranged for a Life Flight to take her to Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville.
The injury also tore the tendon attached to the finger clean from Brown's elbow, canceling any hope for reattachment. Doctors told Brown that even if they attempted to reattach it, the finger would die within one day.
“The doctor took one look at it and was like ‘There's no way I could reattach this. Everything is just so shredded,'” Brown said.
Her recovery has included battling phantom pain, and will require six weeks of physical therapy to help her adapt to the missing finger.
“There's a lot of stiffness in there, and other than that, the phantom pain was definitely the worst,” she said. “It would feel like my finger was throbbing or it would feel like my knuckle needed a crack. There was that same pain from when it first happened, and there was nothing I could do at all.”
Brown has kept high-spirits throughout her injury and subsequent recovery, and said that while her job as a bank teller proves difficult when handling coins, she's able to see the lighter side of most situations.
“I feel like I'm adjusting well,” she said. “I'm a really strong believer in ‘everything happens for a reason,' even though I may not know what that reason is for now.”
Brown wants others to be aware of the potential dangers that could come from something as seemingly innocent as holding onto a fence. She said she had only hopped down about a foot, and with kids playing nearby she worries that others could get hurt. She called on the park to fix some gaps in the fences that could prove hazardous.
“I just don't want that to happen to anybody else,” Brown said. “Some of [the fences] do have a gap that need to be fixed. There are kids out here that could fall and hit their eye, hit their head.”
In NASCAR, Danica Patrick never won a race or finished in the Top 5, but she brought a new fan base. Darron Cummings AP File Photo
PAYSON, Utah — The father of a boy who has Down syndrome is suing the Boys Scouts of America for blocking his son from becoming an Eagle scout and revoking his merit badges.
Logan Blythe has been a scout through the National Parks Council in Utah. His father, Chad, says the 15-year-old has advanced because the council has made accommodations when necessary.
He had planned to create kits for special-needs babies for his Eagle project when the family learned the national organization voided every merit badge he obtained.
The family sued the Boy Scouts and the Utah National Parks Council for “outrageous and reckless conduct.”
The Boy Scouts says it worked with the council and the Blythe family to offer “alternative merit badges” and a path to becoming an Eagle.
In 2005, Etsy was launched in a Brooklyn apartment by three friends who'd hoped to give local artists a place to sell their work. Over the past 12 years, the start-up has grown from a small, three-person operation to a global online marketplace with a network of nearly two million artists.
Though best known for its selection of handcrafted jewelry and one-of-a-kind art, Etsy also boasts an unbeatable beauty section, with sellers hawking everything from all-natural, organic skincare to customizable fragrance (plus, tons of cult makeup brands).
Below, discover some of our favorite Etsy beauty brands and the products that make them shine:
FrenchGirlOrganics
If the minimalist packaging isn't enough to charm you, FrenchGirlOrganics' line of gorgeously scented organic toners, body oils and salt soaks certainly will. It's tough to choose just one favorite from this top-rated shop's collection, but you definitely can't go wrong with its olive oil-infused Crème Lumière ($24), which smells like a heady bouquet of just-picked Moroccan roses. Ooh la la.
THE BEST AND BRIGHTEST FASHION TRENDS FOR SPRING
Borne Cosmetics
Created by founder Jennifer Bishop after a long and painful battle with acne, Borne Cosmetics offers organic, chemical-free mineral makeup and skincare designed to improve the health of sensitive skin. Definitely check out the brand's signature Mineral Silk Foundation ($6-$19), which is infused with jojoba and vitamin E oils and available in 13 shades.
TailoredSoap
This Norway-based shop features nearly 200 products, including gorgeous natural soaps in every scent imaginable, luscious body butters, and roll-on fragrances. Though everything at TailoredSoap rocks, we're especially smitten with the brand's stunning lemon-scented Space Soap ($10), which, fittingly, looks like a miniature galaxy.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE LIFESTYLE NEWS
Enchanted Lustre Cosmetics
Though Enchanted Lustre only launched in 2016, it's made a name for itself, thanks to a slew of richly-pigmented affordable eyeshadows, highlighters and pressed glitter pots (many of which are inspired by fairy tales). Try the top-rated rainbow Celestial Beam Highlighter ($14), which boasts nearly 1,500 favorites.
BaronessX
There's certainly no shortage of indie nail brands on Etsy, but BaronessX is one of the best we've ever seen. All of the brand's colorful, pigmented polishes are cruelty free and vegan, making it an eco-friendly (and fashion-friendly) choice for any mani. Check out the shop's collection of super-popular color-shifting polishes ($9-$14), or contact the seller for a custom-designed lacquer in any color and finish you want.
Video
Archive footage shows North Wales Hospital in Denbigh in 1986, around the time its closure was agreed.
It has fallen into a derelict condition in the years since it finally shut to patients in 1995.
But now there are plans for its fortunes to be revived as developers want to develop it into flats and 200 homes.
Since 2015, Gov. Cuomo has been hyping his scheme to remake the state's electric grid so that by 2030 half of the state's electricity will come from renewable sources.
But Cuomo's ambition — to prove his renewable-energy bona fides and thus position himself as a viable Democratic candidate for the White House in two years — is colliding headlong with reality.
Indeed, two events Monday, one in Albany and the other in the upstate town of Somerset, showed just how difficult and expensive his plan has become and how New York ratepayers will be stuck with the bill.
In Albany, the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority released its “offshore-wind master plan.” The agency said it was “charting a course to 2,400 megawatts” of offshore capacity to be installed by 2030. That much capacity (roughly twice as much as now exists in all of Denmark) will require installing hundreds of platforms over more than 300 square miles of ocean in some of the most navigated, and heavily fished, waters on the Eastern Seaboard.
It will also be enormously expensive. According to the latest data from the Energy Information Administration, by 2022 producing a megawatt hour of electricity from offshore wind will cost a whopping $145.90.
Offshore wind promoters claim costs are declining. Maybe so. But according to the New York Independent System Operator, the average cost of wholesale electricity in the state last year was $36.56. Thus, Cuomo's presidential ambitions will require New York consumers to pay roughly four times as much for offshore electricity as they currently pay for juice from conventional generators.
see also Cuomo doesn't want offshore drilling in New York Gov. Cuomo on Monday asked the US Department of the...
Why is the governor pushing so hard for offshore wind? The answer's simple: The rural backlash against Big Wind is growing daily.
Just a few hours after NYSERDA released its plan, the Somerset town board unanimously banned industrial wind turbines. The town (population: 2,700) is actively opposing the proposed 200-megawatt Lighthouse Wind project, which, if built, would be one of the largest onshore-wind facilities in the Northeast.
Wednesday, Dan Engert, the supervisor in Somerset, told me his “citizens are overwhelmingly opposed” to having wind projects built near their homes and that Somerset will protect “the health, safety and rural character of our town.”
Numerous other small communities are fighting the encroachment of Big Wind. In the Thousand Islands region, towns like Cape Vincent and Clayton have been fending off wind projects for years. Last May, the town of Clayton approved an amendment to its zoning ordinance that bans all commercial wind projects.
Last September, the Fort Drum Regional Liaison Organization announced its opposition to eight proposed onshore-wind projects due to the deleterious effect those projects could have on radar systems and military aviation. The move by the Watertown-based group, which is dedicated to assuring Fort Drum's future, will likely derail more than 1,000 megawatts of proposed wind-generation capacity.
The onshore backlash has left Cuomo with no choice but to move his renewable-energy obsession offshore. Last year, in his State of the State Address, Cuomo touted the fact that all of the proposed wind turbines will be so far offshore that “Not even Superman standing on Montauk Point” will be able to see them. The Man of Steel may not be able to see them, but plenty of fishermen will, and they are none too happy at the prospect of having hundreds of offshore platforms obstruct their fishing.
To protect their interests, fishermen and fishmongers from New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Massachusetts have filed a federal lawsuit to block an offshore wind lease won by Norwegian oil company Statoil ASA, at the site of one of the best squid and scallop fisheries on the Eastern Seaboard. That lawsuit is still pending.
In short, Cuomo's push for offshore wind shows how desperate he is to show his pals at the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Sierra Club how much he loves renewable energy. Never mind that New York's electricity prices are already 40 percent higher than the US average or that his offshore scheme will send those rates even higher.
As Dan Engert asked me Wednesday, “Who is looking out for the ratepayers? That's the question that should be put to the governor.”
Robert Bryce is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute.
We bring you a full list of all this year's BGT acts who will perform during next week's live shows
The Britain's Got Talent semi-finalists have been revealed.
Advertisement
Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams had to whittle down 182 acts to just 40.
On Saturday after the auditions wrapped up, the judges' deliberations saw the acts confirmed for the live semi-finals, which start on Monday and air every day next week.
These are the acts who are through to the Britain's Got Talent live semis:
Advertisement
The Golden Buzzers
All five of the Golden Buzzer acts have been revealed. These acts are the ones specially chosen by the judges to automatically land a place in the semi-finals. They are:
Elle King was supposed to get married to Andrew “Fergie” Ferguson over the weekend, but instead she went to a concert.
The singer shared a video of herself at an Eagles of Death Metal Show on Saturday night. She wrote alongside the video, “Skipped out on my wedding. I married Rock&Roll instead so I hopped on tour with EAGLES OF F–KING DEATH METAL.”
She also shared a photo with an unidentified friend at the show writing, “Just a couple'a gals on a Rock&Roll tour.”
Ferguson has yet to comment.
King hinted that there was trouble in paradise with a March 28th Instagram post. She wrote, “All my single ladies” on a snap of her with her pals.
King is the daughter of Rob Schneider. She became engaged to Ferguson in February 2016 after he proposed while on a boat under the Golden Gate Bridge.
LONDON — When Prince came to London a few years ago, he played more than 20 nights at the vast O2 arena. This time, he played a suburban living room...
Downloads of the Week Prince and 3rdEyeGirl “PretzelBodyLogic” ★★½ The latest rebirth of Prince is upon us. Following his appearance on the post-Super Bowl episode of “New Girl,” the Minnesotan...
The New York City health department says one person has died and two others have become severely ill after they contracted a rare infection called leptospirosis, which is transmitted by rats.
The three cases occurred in the last two months in a Bronx neighborhood. City officials say it's the first time a cluster of cases has been identified.
Related: Cluster of Hantavirus Cases Worries Officials
Infections commonly occur through exposure to rat urine. The disease is rarely spread from person to person. It can be treated with antibiotics.
The city says it's reducing the rat population in the area and educating residents about the disease.
The New York Times reported that from 2006 to 2016, 26 cases were reported in the city; the Bronx had the highest number with eight.
Here is your Sweetwater County seven day weather forecast from the National Weather Service Riverton, Wyoming: This Afternoon Mostly sunny, with a high near 51. Breezy, with an east northeast wind around 16 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph.
Tonight Mostly clear, with a low around 27. Blustery, with an east northeast wind 11 to 16 mph becoming light east southeast after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 22 mph.
Wednesday Sunny, with a high near 64. Light and variable wind becoming southwest 6 to 11 mph in the afternoon.
Wednesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 34. West southwest wind 8 to 14 mph becoming north northeast after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 20 mph.
Thursday Sunny, with a high near 60. Breezy, with an east wind 8 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph.
Thursday Night Clear, with a low around 33. East wind 6 to 13 mph.
Friday Sunny, with a high near 69. East wind 6 to 9 mph becoming southwest in the afternoon.
Friday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 42.
Saturday Mostly sunny, with a high near 70.
Saturday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 40. Breezy.
Sunday Mostly sunny, with a high near 62. Breezy.
Sunday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 35. Breezy.
Monday A slight chance of showers and thunderstorms. Some of the storms could produce gusty winds. Partly sunny, with a high near 58.
James Johnson says he is letting his agent take care of the offseason but that being with the Heat feels like home and that it loves being with the team.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
1:57 Kumho Tire Georgia grand opening in Macon
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Payments of £894,000 over two years were made founding members of New Directions, which has a contract meaning all Welsh schools are expected to use it
Plaid Cymru has described as obscene payouts of nearly a million pounds to two directors of Wales' biggest provider of supply teachers.
The dividends were given to founding members of the Cardiff-based firm New Directions over a two year period.
Profits in its education subsidiary doubled after it won a deal meaning all Welsh schools were expected to use it.
The company said it offered value for money with the lowest profit margins of any agency in the sector.
Cardiff-based New Directions operates a number of subsidiaries but a breakdown of accounts lodged in Companies House for 2015-16 and 2016-17 show the majority of profits were made in education.
In 2016-17, New Directions Education, which on a typical day will place around half of the supply teachers across Wales, made a profit of £726,442.
In the year, 2015-16, the directors Jeff and Zoe Tune were given dividend payouts of £430,000 and in 2016-17 they received £464,000 - a total of £894,000.
In 2016-17, they were also paid £22,000 each.
Image copyright New Directions website Image caption New Directions is the largest provider of supply teachers in Wales
Profits in 2015 doubled when it was awarded the contract to be the main supplier with the National Procurement Service, a body set up by the Welsh Government to try to cut costs for the public sector.
There was no compulsion to use New Directions but a Welsh Government document at the time said local authorities expected schools to use the company.
In 2014-15, New Directions Education made a profit of £292,740 but then in 2015-16 as the new procurement contract got underway it made a profit of £583,321.
There have been concerns about the pay and conditions of supply teachers in recent months with campaigners saying the use of agencies has led to lower wages.
But the company, which won the Welsh Government Supplier of the Year award in 2015 and 2016, insisted it only makes a net profit of 4% after paying the teachers and taking out its own costs.
'Reinvested'
Gary Williams, a director of business development at New Directions, said it is more efficient at providing supply teachers than local authorities who used to do the job.
He said: "We are a business, we want to make money but a lot of the money gets reinvested, such as in our training facility.
"This contract that we operate has made huge savings for Wales over the years and the simple fact is the value for money the schools get is second to none, and if Plaid Cymru were to speak to the schools and the teachers I am sure they would get a different kind of feedback."
A spokesman for the Welsh Government said: "There is nothing to prevent school governing bodies and local authorities from commissioning and deploying supply teachers via alternative arrangements including via direct employment."
Image caption Llyr Gruffydd said "schools are losing out" from the deal
Plaid's education spokesman Llyr Gruffydd: said: "At a time when head teachers are telling us that schools are on their knees due to financial pressures, it's obscene that a private company has profited so dramatically from the government's procurement policies.
"Schools are losing out, supply teachers are losing out and the only people who appear to be benefiting are the two shareholders of this company.
"Plaid Cymru has long advocated a different approach, with options including a national not-for-profit agency for supply teaching."
NOBLESVILLE, Ind. — The Latest on an Indiana middle school where a shooting took place last week (all times local):
11:30 a.m.
Students were greeted by counsellors, school staff and comfort dogs as they returned to a suburban Indianapolis middle school five days after a 13-year-old girl and a teacher were shot and wounded there.
Noblesville Schools spokeswoman Marnie Cooke says counsellors and local principals met students Wednesday “to provide more familiar faces” as they returned to Noblesville West Middle School.
The school is operating on a shortened schedule through the end of the school year Friday, so officials can focus on counselling students still shaken by the shooting.
Officials say a male student seriously wounded classmate Ella Whistler last Friday then was tackled by science teacher Jason Seaman. Ella remains hospitalized in Indianapolis. Seaman was shot but not badly hurt.
Cooke says Seaman wasn't at school when students returned Wednesday.
——
10 a.m.
Students are streaming back into a suburban Indianapolis middle school five days after officials say a male student shot and wounded a 13-year-old classmate and a teacher who's credited with disarming the assailant.
Scores of cars and more than a dozen buses dropped children off Wednesday morning at Noblesville West Middle School, where classes were resuming two hours later than usual.
At least three police vehicles are positioned on the school's campus. Some school buses appeared to have only a few students on board.
Science teacher Jason Seaman has been hailed for tackling the shooter after he seriously wounded 13-year-old Ella Whistler on Friday morning. She remains hospitalized in Indianapolis. School officials say her condition is improving.
——
1 a.m.
A suburban Indianapolis middle school is set to resume classes five days after a male student allegedly shot and wounded a 13-year-old classmate and a teacher who's credited with disarming the assailant.
Noblesville West Middle School is scheduled to reopen Wednesday morning on a two-hour delay.
Noblesville Schools' spokeswoman Marnie Cooke says it will operate on the same shortened schedule as the district's final two days of classes Thursday and Friday. Cooke says the school will focus on counselling and “team building” over the final three days of the school year.
Science teacher Jason Seaman is credited with tackling the male suspect after he shot and seriously wounded 13-year-old Ella Whistler Friday morning. She remains hospitalized in Indianapolis. School officials say her medical condition is improving.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new Age UK furniture shop selling new, second hand and factory second stock has opened its doors to shoppers on a Chester housing estate.
And the charity has also refurbished and refitted its existing store on Blacon's Parade with long serving volunteers given the honour of cutting the ribbons to declare the new and refurbished stores open.
Vera Matthews, 75, of Newtown and Renee Halford, 74, of Saughall declared the new furniture shop open while Emily Griffiths, of Blacon, proudly opened the revamped charity shop just a couple of doors down from the new furniture shop.
Vera, who originally hails from Cornwall, settled in Chester in 1983 after her then husband, who was serving in the RAF, was posted to Sealand.
She said: “I have two daughters who both live in Chester and four grandchildren and one great grandchild. I served in the RAF myself before working for the civil service.
“I really enjoy working at Age UK and have spent more than 10 years working as a volunteer.
(Image: UGC)
“It's a great team and the customers are fantastic. You never know what you are going to find. I even came across £400 in banknotes in the pocket of one donated suit.
“We contacted the family who were really grateful. We also have to check donated jewellery really closely, some people sometimes don't realise its truth worth.”
She added: “It was a real honour being asked to cut the ribbon to declare the new furniture shop open.”
Reene Halford says she has been a volunteer at Age UK's Blacon shop for 16 years and it's a role she really enjoys.
She said: “I have lived in Saughall since 1964 and used to work in bank and building societies. I have two sons, one who is in the RAF in Gloucester. My other son lives locally and I help look after my young grandson.
“I really enjoy volunteering at Age UK, it's a lovely team to work with and the customers are wonderful.
“I remember we once had a race goer come in and hand over £100. He said put that in the till, better that than me wasting it on the horses! Some people are really kind and very generous.”
She added: “On another occasion a regular customer, quite an elderly lady, came in with her shopping trolley. As she left she asked if we would accept a cheque as she wanted to make a donation. It was for £3,000 which is amazing.
“I was really pleased to be asked to cut the ribbon with Vera and declare the new furniture shop open. It's been quite an honour.”
Emily Griffiths, who has volunteered for five years at the Age UK Blacon shop, says it was a real thrill being asked to open the newly revamped shop.
She said: “I work at the bakery on the Parade and spend about 10 hours a week volunteering at Age UK. I live in Blacon and have a daughter too.
“Age UK really helped my mum when she needed some advice and I just think it's a brilliant charity. The team I work with are great and the customers so nice. It's a real team effort, a bit like a family really.”
Sally Hughes, Age UK area sales manager, says the charity upgraded their original shop as part of a rolling programme of improvements across the region and opened the furniture shop after lots of enquiries from customers about the availability of good furniture.
She said: “We are always in need of good quality donations whether that is clothing, books, bric-a-brac or anything else. Now we are able to take good quality furniture too but we also sell factory seconds.
“We asked Vera, Renee and Emily to officially open the shops as we simply couldn't operate without our hard-working volunteers.
“All three ladies work incredibly hard and that means we can raise the money we need to supply the services we do to older people as well as fund research into age related issues.”
She added: “The new store and the revamped shop are a credit to the Parade and I'm sure our many loyal Blacon customers will like what we have done.
“I'd encourage anyone who has any items to donate to think of Age UK and that goes for anyone who may be able to spare a couple of hours a week to volunteer.”
To learn more about Age UK please visit www.ageuk.org.uk.
Bryan Cranston seems to be everywhere (Movies! TV! Broadway!)
And in the case of “Sneaky Pete,” that's definitely a good thing.
The award-winning actor (“Breaking Bad,” Broadway's “All the Way”) co-created and appears throughout this new Amazon series, in which a con man (Giovanni Ribisi) tries to outwit a New York mobster to whom he's indebted. The pacing is quick, the plotline interesting and there's even a touch of Walter White/“Breaking Bad”-type humor (read: dark) courtesy of Cranston.
And with a supporting cast featuring Margo Martindale (“The Americans,” “The Good Wife”) and Peter Gerety (“Mercy Street,” “Public Morals”), “Sneaky Pete” is off to an auspicious start.
The games begin when con man Marius Josapovic (Ribisi) — sprung from prison after three years — is warned by his partner-in-crime brother, Eddie (Michael Drayer), that mobster Vince (Cranston) intends to collect the $100,000 from the job that landed Marius in the slammer. That intention comes with a warning: if Marius doesn't cough up the dough, Vince will chop off Eddie's fingers … one by one. And he always keeps his word.
What's a con man to do?
Desperate to score a quick-hit windfall to save his brother (and himself), Marius assumes the identity of Pete Murphy, his still-incarcerated cellmate. Pete, estranged from his family for 20 years, passed most of his time in prison yakking to Marius about his long-lost idyllic childhood at the family farm in Connecticut — run by his wealthy grandparents who were “in bonds.” Shortly thereafter, Marius materializes at the farm as “Pete,” re-introduces himself to astonished grandparents Audrey and Otto (Martindale, Gerety) and gets a rude awakening: the “bonds” to which Pete referred is the family's floundering bail-bond business in Bridgeport, run by Audrey with assistance from Pete's cousin, Julia (Marin Ireland).
Before long, Marius/Pete joins the family business and meets the extended family, which includes cousin Taylor (Shane McRae), a goofy Bridgeport cop (with shades of DEA agent Hank Schrader from “Breaking Bad”) and his sharp teenaged daughter, Carly (Libe Barer, “Parenthood”). The “Sneaky Pete” backstory is fleshed out in Episode 2, where we learn much more about Vince (and that $100,000) and about Marius' romantic history — while Grandma Audrey continues to have her doubts about Pete's real identity as he develops feelings for Cousin Julia.
“Sneaky Pete” was originally intended for CBS, which passed on the pilot before Amazon snatched it up. The series was co-created by David Shore (“House,” “Battle Creek”), who ceded the showrunner reins to Graham Yost (“Justified,” “The Americans”). It all sounds like an elaborate, Hollywood-style switcheroo that might have been pulled by Marius — but, in this case, it's the real deal.
And that's no con.
Thomas Middelhoff, the German executive who propelled Bertelsmann into the largest book publisher in the world, was sentenced to three years in prison by a German court on Friday for...
Emergency response vehicles gather at Great Lakes Dragaway on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, near Union Grove, Wis. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, a Wisconsin sheriff said. Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded around 7 p.m. after receiving reports about shots being fired. The three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects were arrested and no one else was injured. Kenosha News via AP Terry Flores
The FIRST ALERT Weather Team has been forecasting a change to a more active weather pattern in February. That change is underway and will bring a chance of snow Saturday night and Sunday.
You can expect light snow starting up overnight and lasting many hours Sunday.
4:00 PM Saturday: Cloudy with winds gusting to 30 mph. There is only a
slight chance of any snow before sunset.
8:00 AM Sunday: Around one inch of snow is possible by daybreak Sunday.
Snow from 8:00 AM through midday will be relatively light and scattered.
4:00 PM Sunday: A cold front will move through in the middle of the afternoon.
This will bring stronger wind gusts and a burst of snow for 15-30 minutes.
Total snow accumulations of around 2 to 3" are possible.
Much colder air will surge back into the area Sunday night.
Robert Shiels WTOL
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
If only Snap CEO Evan Spiegel's alleged words about the app being "only for rich people" could disappear just like all of those Snapchats being sent.
The recently unsealed contents of a lawsuit brought by a former employee have angered Snapchat users in India, after it was alleged Spiegel, the world's youngest self-made billionaire, said he did not want to "expand into poor countries like India."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Billions for Snapchat: Shares Soar As Social Media Company Goes Public 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"This is ridiculous," fired back a spokesperson for Snap on Monday. "Obviously Snapchat is for everyone! It's available worldwide to download for free. Those words were written by a disgruntled former employee. We are grateful for our Snapchat community in India and around the world."
The remarks were contained in a complaint filed in January by Anthony Pompliano, a former employee of Snap, who is suing the now-public company for attempting to "destroy his career and reputation."
Related: Snap IPO Set to Make Snapchat Co-Founders Into Overnight Billionaires
Pompliano's lawsuit also includes allegations Snap inflated its user metrics and that Spiegel's alleged comments about not wanting to go to India were made when he suggested exploring new markets.
"Snap did not give investors misstated user metrics back in 2015; nor did Snap employees commit any of the panoply of alleged bad acts that litter Pompliano's complaint. Snap will demonstrate as much at the appropriate time in the appropriate forum," the company said in the unsealed complaint.
Snap has also been hitting back on Twitter, retweeting some users who are supporting the company. "Ppl outraged over ONE claim with no proof?" one person wrote.
Other users took to Twitter to air their distaste.
Getty Image
When the 2018 Las Vegas Summer League convenes on July 6, much of the NBA world will be involved. For the first time, the event in Sin City will host all 30 of the league's teams and, after a record-breaking year in 2017, there is a ton of anticipation for the festivities, especially when considering this year's rookie class is loaded with talent.
With that in mind, the good folks with the Sacramento Kings elected to start a four-team gathering of their own in 2018 and, in short, it looks to be a smashing success. ESPN's Chris Haynes brings word that the first two days of basketball sold out at the Golden 1 Center, which houses the Kings on a full-time basis.
WARREN, Mich. — Police who found a badly decomposed body in bed in a Detroit-area home believe a 62-year-old woman may have shared the home with her dead roommate for months.
Police in Warren found the body of 68-year-old George Curtis on Monday. An autopsy will be performed.
WJBK-TV and The Macomb Daily of Mount Clemens report Tuesday that relatives contacted police after hearing nothing from Curtis for months.
The woman has been hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation.
Police Commissioner Bill Dwyer tells the newspaper “it's just bizarre (that) she stayed in the home like that and didn't report anything.”
Police say Curtis may have been dead for months.
Dwyer says the house may have to be condemned and demolished due to the condition inside and the odor.
Getty Image
Baseball fans should be stoked for what Noah Syndergaard is going to do in 2017. The Mets' 24-year-old ace is among the most intimidating pitchers in the majors, coming in at 6'6, 240 pounds with some of the most electric stuff that any pitcher on earth possesses.
The issue, however, is that Syndergaard's psyche may have gotten messed up after he got dunked on by Mr. Met. Athletes getting clowned isn't too strange, but for a player of Syndergaard to get embarrassed by the team's mascot, well, that's just on another level.
Mr. Met posted a tweet where he made fun of a picture of a young Thor. It featured a cringe-worthy but silly Valentine's Day pun that involved Syndergaard's first name.
A major weekend checkpoint was carried out on the M7 motorway.
Gardaí in Kildare, along with the Road Safety Authority and Revenue, seized four cars.
Two motorists were arrested during the checkpoint.
378 roadside breath tests were carried out.
21 fines were handed out, and 10 defects on Heavy Goods vehicles were found.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Ander Herrera believes Manchester United team-mate Paul Pogba is capable of becoming the world's best player.
The France international scored a late headed winner as United came from behind to beat Middlesbrough 2-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
That was a second goal in December for Pogba, who re-joined the club in a world-record transfer from Juventus last August.
Jose Mourinho's side have now won six straight matches across all competitions and while Herrera feels his midfield colleague has been influential, he is also excited by what is still to come.
"Pogba is a midfielder who has all the qualities," Herrera said to Sky Sports.
"When you are a midfielder you normally have some special qualities but he has everything.
"He can shoot, head and defend and he can dribble one-v-one, but he's still 23.
"He's now in a very good moment but we can be optimistic with him because he can be even better.
"He can be one of the best in the world and he wants to do it. He wants to be it."
Herrera also praised two of United's other new additions this season – veteran striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and playmaker Henrikh Mkhitaryan – as the club prepare for Monday's away Premier League game against West Ham.
He continued: "The thing that I like most about Zlatan is he is not happy enough.
GOAL Man Utd 2-1 Middlesbrough (86 mins). What a turnaround! Paul Pogba steers a header into the top corner from Juan Mata's cross #MUNMID — Premier League (@premierleague) December 31, 2016
"That means how ambitious he is. How much he wants to achieve for this club. He's 35 and still training like a kid every day.
"The fans and the club and the staff have been patient with [Mkhitaryan], that's what I like with this club.
"They knew how good he is but football is not always the case that in your first season you will perform at your best. You have to settle down in one place, adapt yourself to a new life and club, to a new role.
"Now we are seeing the best Mkhitaryan. Or almost the best, because I think he can be even better."
Image caption The British Army bid farewell to the Lynx helicopter with a commemorative flight
Work has started on converting an old Westland Lynx helicopter into holiday accommodation.
The aircraft is on the site of the former RAF Wainfleet bombing range in Lincolnshire, which was used throughout World War Two.
A control tower on the site - built in 1975 - has already been converted into holiday lets.
Owner Will Roughton, who is a local farmer, said he hoped the unusual accommodation would appeal to children.
Read more on this and other stories from Lincolnshire
Earlier this year, the British Army bid farewell to its remaining Lynx helicopters with a commemorative flight.
They were decommissioned after almost 40 years in service.
Image caption Owner Will Roughton said he wanted to convert the helicopter into accommodation for children
Mr Roughton said he found an old helicopter for sale in Ipswich and thought it was a good idea to attempt to convert it into accommodation.
"It's mainly for the kids but I'm sure there will be some big adults like me who want to use it," he said.
Mr Roughton is currently stripping the helicopter and said once complete "we can then see what we can do with it".
He plans to leave the cockpit controls intact for visitors to play with and is hoping to have enough room for a bed and sofa, TV and mini fridge.
Image caption Mr Roughton said it was also likely to attract some attention from the parents
You may also like:
Image caption The site already has holiday accommodation in an old control tower, which was built in 1975
The RAF Wainfleet bombing range, which closed in 2009, opened to aircraft in 1938 and was used throughout World War Two.
Before then, it had been used by Army artillery regiments as far back as 1890.
It was used by 617 Squadrons, known as the Dambusters, to test 11.5lb practice bombs at a height of 60ft to get the feel of targeting at such a low altitude.
They aimed between two scaffolding poles in the mud, as training leading up to the dams raid.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — A judge has refused to issue a temporary restraining order that would have prohibited Republican Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens and his staff from using a texting app that erases messages after they are read.
The Kansas City Star reports that Cole County Judge Jon Beetem issued the ruling Friday in a lawsuit that accuses Greitens and his staff of engaging in a conspiracy to violate Missouri's open records law by using the Confide app.
Critics contend that with the app, it is impossible to determine whether the governor and his staff use it to conduct state business in secret.
Beetem set a hearing for further arguments in March, acknowledging there are “open questions.”
The governor's office's use of Confide also is being investigated by Attorney General Josh Hawley's office.
——
This story has been corrected to reflect that the Cole County judge's name is spelled Jon Beetem, not Jon Beetum.
——
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
Mark Warburton has called on Rangers to answer questions put to them by the League Managers Association as he reiterated his position that he did not resign from the club.
In a joint statement with David Weir and Frank McParland, the deposed Rangers management team expressed their surprise that the club had not addressed the questions posed to them.
Rangers announced on Friday they had accepted the trio's resignations and Graeme Murty took the team during Sunday's William Hill Scottish Cup win over Morton.
The statement, released by the LMA, read: "Much has been said over the last few days relating to our departure from Rangers Football Club.
"At this stage, for legal reasons, it is inappropriate for us to comment in any great detail on our departure from the club.
"However, given that the club has seen fit to make detailed public statements, it is important that we should clarify certain matters and as such we would like to formally place on record, that at no stage did we resign from our positions at Rangers.
"It is a matter of surprise to us, and to the League Managers Association (LMA), which is advising all three of us, that despite its detailed public statements, the club has not answered key questions put to it by the LMA, in writing, requesting an explanation of why it suggested that we resigned from our positions."
Google's speech recognition technology is insanely good - perhaps the best in the industry. But did you know Google stores all your voice searches? Every time you say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google," a snippet of audio containing the command is sent to the company's servers, where it is deciphered. These audio snippets are stored indefinitely (to improve accuracy), unless you delete them and opt out of future collection.
Delete audio recordings
If you want to permanently delete these recordings, Google makes it easy to do so - if you know where to look. First, visit this page, where you'll see all the saved audio clips.
Now, click the menu button on the top right and select 'Delete activity by.' You can also click 'Delete activity by' on the left menu. Once you're on the new page, change the date to 'All time' and select 'Assistant' from the product menu. Click the Delete button, then repeat the process, this time selecting 'Voice & Audio' from the product menu instead.
Now your audio clips have been deleted!
Opt out of storing recordings
You can also change a setting in your Google account to prevent recordings from being saved in the future. It's even easier than the above steps - just visit this page and set 'Voice & Audio Activity' to off.
Keep in mind that Google Assistant and voice search won't work when you turn this off. If you try to use a command, Google will prompt you to re-enable Voice & Audio Activity.
Donegal captain Michael Murphy says the players must focus on preparing to play their opening Super 8 match against Dublin at Croke Park.
The Donegal county board is seeking to meet with the GAA on Thursday in a bid to get the venue for the game on 14 July changed.
"We are due to play in Croke Park in the first game and, as a group of players, we have to prepare as best we can for that," said Murphy.
His good deed backfires as he gets drawn into her gangster feud
Home and Away's Justin Morgan is drawn further into the crazy world of wild Willow Harris when his attempts at defending her honour end in him getting a beating from a bunch of gangsters with a vendetta against her family.
Advertisement
Ash Ashford advises Justin to steer clear of unruly Willow when they bump into her on the beach, but the Morgan man is lured back in when she races to the local hospital with her father, Russell, who has been knocked unconscious by evil gangster Boyd.
Blaming herself for dragging Russell into her mess, Justin takes pity and bravely contacts Boyd and arranges to meet him to put a stop to his harassment.
But when Boyd shows up with a load of his scary biker mates Justin's warning to leave Willow alone spark a huge fight – and it doesn't end well for Mr Morgan…
Staggering to the police station after his beating, Justin tells the cops bad boy Boyd trashed his garage and put Willow's dad in hospital, and he's got evidence to prove it as he recorded his confrontation with the bullying biker.
Tracking down Willow, Justin urges her to make a statement to the cops against Boyd in order to put him behind bars. Distrustful of the law, Willow takes some convincing but eventually agrees, but when she and Justin run into Boyd being taken in by the boys in blue he issues a stark threat to the pair of them to be ready for reprisals…
Finally letting the barriers down, Willow thanks Justin for helping her and decides to move to Summer Bay. As they keep being thrown together, could there be more than friendship brewing between these two?
Advertisement
Home and Away airs these scenes the week beginning Monday 12 February, and continues weekdays on Channel 5 at 1.15pm and 6pm.
The liberal media bubble is real and other notable comments Critic: Yes, the Liberal Media Bubble Is Real Most conservatives say Big Media missed the Donald Trump story because “the Democrat-infested press was knowingly in the tank for [Hillary] Clinton...
George Clooney joins Armenians to mark anniversary of massacre American actor George Clooney on Sunday joined Armenians marking 101 years since a massacre by Ottoman Turks of some 1.5 million ethnic Armenians. Clooney attended a service at a hilltop...
Azerbaijan ambassador urges Kim K to stay in her lane, avoid Armenian conflict “I personally would be a very bad reality-TV star, so I try not to cross into areas I'm not familiar,” Elin Suleymanov dissed.
Conan O'Brien heads to the South Caucasus If you've been hankering for a full-course meal of televised Armenian culture — hold the Kardashian — Tuesday night was as good as any to tune in to TBS. On...
Thousands rally in Times Square to mark centennial of Armenian genocide A rally in Times Square is marking the centennial of the deaths of as many 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire — today's Turkey. Sunday afternoon's rally drew several...
Armenia marks centennial of genocide YEREVAN, Armenia — The presidents of Russia and France joined other leaders Friday at ceremonies commemorating the massacre 100 years ago of 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turks, an event...
Obama again won't call 1915 Armenian massacre a 'genocide' WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide, prompting anger and disappointment from those who have been pushing him to...
Facing genocide Does President Obama stand with Pope Francis — or with Turkey's Islamist president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? One hundred years ago this month, Turkish soldiers began slaughtering Armenian Christians amid the...
WELCH, Texas — Murissa Horton set her feet, steeled herself and was knocked to the court taking a charge from a barrel-chested teenage boy who outweighed her by more than 100 pounds.
The 5-foot-6 high school senior bounced back up, dusted herself off, adjusted her ponytail and got back to work.
Boys against girls isn't just something you see at practice for the Dawson Dragons. For one of the smallest high schools in Texas, injuries and dwindling enrolment forced the Dragons to consolidate the girls and boys basketball teams. The co-ed squad is playing a boys schedule, with Horton as a starter and one of the team's best players.
“That Horton girl can play, I would take her anytime,” Sands coach Billy Grumbles said after his team beat Dawson 51-23 last month.
To understand this unusual situation requires a bit of history about this slice of West Texas.
Dawson is located in the town of Welch, population 222 and the kind of place where everyone knows your name and they probably know your mother, grandfather and some of your cousins, too. Tumbleweeds roll down main street, and Welch is surrounded by acres upon acres of cotton fields that are dotted with oil wells, pumping along and leaving a slightly sour smell in the air.
It's a place so small that there isn't even a Dairy Queen, so often a mainstay for hamlets in flyover states. There's a lone convenience store and the main business in town is a cotton gin, Welch Cotton Inc. The gin is the lifeblood of Welch. It provides jobs, gives a boost to the economy and serves as a community outpost, a place where farmers and other townsfolk stop in to catch up with one another and gossip about the local goings on.
In this town it's impossible to ignore the sweeping presence of cotton. The grass along the highways has a white tinge because of a cotton candy-like coating of the fiber that escapes the gin as it separates seeds from the cotton. More of the delicate fiber floats through the air in gossamer-thin strings that make it seem like spiders have been working overtime spinning webs.
Glen Phipps owns Welch Cotton and is one of the school's biggest supporters, donating money to various causes at Dawson and bankrolling a trip for all the school's students to make the 63-mile trek to Lubbock to watch a Texas Tech basketball game.
His family has been part of the community for generations. He graduated from here in 1973, his grandfather was on Dawson's first school board and two other relatives currently serve on the board.
“The school is so important to me, my family and our community in that the school brings everybody together,” he said. “The school is kind of that tie that binds, that makes it a community for everybody.”
This town knows it can always count on cotton, but oil is much more fickle and a major contributor to the situation the basketball team is in. Just five years ago, property values in the district were more than $260 million. Last year, plummeting oil prices put the values at just $90 million and left Dawson, like all schools dependent on property taxes, scrambling for ways to remain open.
The uncertainty prompted the majority of Dawson's 12-person junior class to transfer elsewhere last summer. That exodus combined with two Christmas break transfers left the school with just 18 students. They had seven boys to field their six-man football team this fall, but with a three-person eighth grade class, all girls, there won't be enough students to play football next season.
There may not be enough to put separate basketball teams on the court, either.
“In the bigger schools it's next man up,” said Jeff Fleenor, the principal and superintendent who has two daughters on the basketball team. “Here there's not that next man.”
Dawson basketball teams played separately before the holiday break, but nagging injuries often left the five-girl team with just three healthy players. And after two of the seven members of the boys team returned to South Texas after their migrant-worker parents finished seasonal work, the school's two coaches and Fleenor decided to meld the group into one team to guarantee a complete season.
The University Scholastic League, which regulates public high school sports in Texas, approved the consolidation with the condition that the team play a boy's schedule through the season.
“The girls were in trouble, the boys were in trouble,” coach Ed Robison said. “It wasn't that we saved the girls program or the boys, but we were able to help out both programs by combining. At least we have a stable team that will show up and be able to play every night.”
No one can remember a time when teams were consolidated like this, but several coaches in the area recalled times where small schools had a single girl who mostly rode the bench on the boys team because there wasn't a girls team.
The Dragons play in a gym that has just five rows of seats on the home side and three on the visitor's. It's the focal point of the one-building school that serves children from kindergarten to 12th grade. A painting of a large purple dragon in midflight dominates one wall and the words to the school song highlight another. Those words paint a picture of the landscape the school calls home: “In the midst of dark oil derricks, cotton fields in bloom, stands the best of royal high schools, Dawson here's to you.”
The 18-year-old Horton is expected to be the school's valedictorian this year. She's thoughtful and polite and exudes an eloquence of someone much older. She averaged almost 20 points for the girl's team, but has had to adjust her game and become more of a facilitator now that she's competing against boys.
It's not an ideal situation for her and the other four girls on the team, but Horton focuses on the positives of the compromise.
“We're able to respect the opportunity more and we're even more thankful for it,” she said. “Yeah, it can be kind of a curse in some ways but more than that it's a blessing that we've learned to handle adversity that nobody else could even imagine.”
The girls say most of Dawson's opponents have been respectful. There have been a few sexist comments, and Robison said he's heard some of the boys from other teams saying things like: ‘Hey, babe, what's your number? What's going on?'”
Horton tries to tune out those things and wishes it wasn't an issue.
“We're not out here as girl basketball players, we're just basketball players,” she said. “We want to play the game. We're not asking you to play us differently.”
The team hasn't fared well since the consolidation, but did beat Loop 51-21 in mid-January for its first win as a co-ed squad to earn team of the week honours from a Lubbock television station. Coaches and players take great pride in that recognition. Though they often end up on the wrong end of lopsided games, the Dragons are improving and believe they're gaining respect around the district.
“It's not like a side show,” said coach Tonja Edens, the former girls coach who teams with Robison to lead the co-ed group. “We're out here competing.”
Grumbles, the Sands coach, shared the message he had for his guys before they faced Dawson.
“I told my team you've got to play against them just like they're boys because we're playing a boys schedule,” he said. “You're not playing against girls. You've got to take them seriously. In this situation it doesn't matter what gender they are, you have to play like it's just another high school game.”
Edens, who played college basketball at a Division III school, said there was some concern about the safety of the girls because of the size and strength of varsity boys. They asked each girl about the risks and all agreed it was worth it to salvage their season.
She's to adjust her coaching style to accommodate the change.
“You're not going to get bigger than them or stronger than them,” she said. “So you're going to have to get smarter. You need to stay on the ground. You need to block them out.”
Donovan Thornton is the only senior boy on the team, now split evenly with five boys and five girls. The soft-spoken Thornton raves about the leadership Horton has provided and said some of the things he's heard from opposing teams have ticked him off.
“It does upset me because we came together just to play basketball,” he said. “We want to play basketball and the fact that people want to downgrade us, it's not right.”
Other than that, he's been perfectly happy with this set up because it ensured that Dawson gets to play every game in his last season, which has only a few games left. He believes the group has merged well and said a sign hanging in the middle of the gym that read: “Peanut Butter & Jelly” is a representation of that fact.
“It's an analogy like the girls and boys go together like peanut butter and jelly go together on a sandwich,” he said before flashing a big grin and trotting back to practice.
Investigators are "confident" that no one else entered the Las Vegas hotel suite before a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands of concertgoers, killing 58 people in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Friday in an interview that police don't believe anyone entered the room at Mandalay Bay prior to the shooting carried out by Stephen Paddock Sunday night.
Earlier, senior law enforcement sources said investigators were puzzled by a charger that did not appear to match any of Paddock's cellphones. Police have now been able to match all of the cell phone chargers found in the room with multiple cell phones that Paddock had with him.
"He was the only shooter; I'm very confident of that," McMahill said. "I'm also confident that there were no other people in the room leading up to this event."
A motive in the shooting remains elusive. "This agency wants to give answers. We owe it to the victims and the victims' families," McMahill said. "It's really a frustrating piece of this investigation."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas shooting: What drove Stephen Paddock to kill 59 people? 3:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
At a Friday press conference, McMahill said they did not think there was a second shooter, but he said it was unclear whether or not Paddock had help.
"We're very confident that there was not another shooter in that room," McMahill said. "What I cannot confirm to you today, and what we continue to investigate is, whether anybody else may have known about this incident before he carried it out."
McMahill said they also found approximately 50 pounds of tannerite and ammonium nitrate — materials that can be used to make explosive devices — in the gunman's car, but it did not appear that Paddock had assembled the material into an improvised explosive device.
Paddock unleashed a barrage of bullets from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay and Casino on Sunday night, killing at least 58 people and injuring about 500 others who were attending a country music festival below. Paddock apparently killed himself, authorities said.
Senior law enforcement officials said Paddock, 64, had researched possible attack locations in Boston and Chicago, including the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August.
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation also said Friday that they had learned Paddock approached an ammunition dealer wanting to buy a large quantity of tracer rounds at a gun show in Phoenix last month.
Stephen Paddock U.S. Government / via NBC News
The dealer did not have the quantity Paddock wanted, so Paddock did not end up buying anything from him, they said. The dealer told law enforcement that Paddock was neatly dressed and polite, and did not say anything that would raise a red flag. He gave the dealer the impression that he wanted the tracer rounds for recreational use with friends.
Law enforcement learned of the encounter because Paddock had an ammunition box bearing the dealer's name.
Law enforcement are also examining Paddock's finances. IRS records show that Paddock was a successful gambler, earning at least $5 million in 2015. Some of that could be from other investments, but most of it was from gambling, officials say.
McMahill said investigators have not found any connection between Paddock and ISIS, the terror group that claimed responsibility for the attack, a claim it made without offering any proof. The terror group's claim has been widely discounted.
Investigators have not determined a motive, he said, and have been looking at "everything" including Paddock's personal life, finances, or any political affiliations in searching for a motive behind the attack.
"We have been down each and every single one of these paths, trying to determine 'why,'" McMahill said, adding that the investigation will continue and would focus on facts and not rumors or assumptions.
"In the past, terror attacks or mass murder incidents — motive was made very clear. Very clear in most of those cases by a note that was left, by a social media post, by a telephone call that was made, by investigators mining computer data," McMahill said.
"Today, in our investigation, we don't have any of that uncovered," McMahill said. "I wish we did."
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Castleford coach Daryl Powell said his side will have picked up “a few bruised egos” following their second defeat of the season on Easter Monday.
The Tigers were noticeably below-par, going down 26-22 to St Helens in their first victory since sacking Keiron Cunningham.
Powell said his side didn't have any injury concerns from the match – but said their pride will have taken a hit after lamenting a disappointing first-half display.
He said: “I don't think we've picked up too much apart from a few bruised egos.
“In the first half we just got beaten for attitude and energy. We started okay but their speed at the play the ball was far superior to ours.
“We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Weight of posession at Easter is always going to be crucial – and we were on the wrong end of it.
“We were just not right in between our ears today. I said to the boys at half-time that we needed to keep them out if we were to go on and win – but we didn't manage to do it.”
The result ensured Castleford's lengthy wait for a win in St Helens went on. They have not won a competitive fixture in the town since 1992 – when they won in the Regal Trophy – and Powell was loathe to blame the referee despite apparent controversy over Regan Grace's winning try.
“The fans thought the try at the end was a knock-on,” he said.
“But it's a try isn't it? We have to improve and we will have to respond. The boys are disappointed. We haven't won here for a long time and we thought we could have done that today.”
Powell said Rangi Chase missed the game with a wrist problem – and he will be assessed this week ahead of the trip to Hull FC on Sunday.
[April 24, 2018] New Journey by CAKE Client to Leverage Marketing Intelligence Platform for Understanding and Improving the Impact of Marketing Campaigns
Online Legal Services Company Chooses SaaS Solution for its Multi-Touch Attribution, Analytics Dashboard and Digital Marketing Integrations NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., April 24, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Accelerize (OTCQB: ACLZ) (OTCBB: ACLZ) and its digital marketing software division CAKE today announced that an industry-leading online legal services company has selected Journey by CAKE to gain the data-driven marketing intelligence needed to optimize campaign performance. With Journey, the company will be able to combine campaign and multi-touch attribution data in the SaaS solution to uncover ROI at a granular level across various channels. Boosting the impact of the company's acquisition efforts, Journey reveals an end-to-end view of the customer journey, resulting in improved conversion rates and increased revenue. The provider of online legal resource services offers a solution that gives people around the globe access to expert legal advice. The international company needed a cloud-based marketing analytics platform to tackle key pain points related to collecting, analyzing and optimizing data from multiple digital campaigns. The company chose Journey to gain a better understanding of how its campaigns are performing across various channels including paid search, direct, display and organic search. “Today's consumers are influenced by multiple touchpoints and marketers have been restricted by a limited view of the customer journey,” said Santi Pierini, CAKE President and Chief Operating Officer of Accelerize. “Now with Journey actionable insights have never been so accessible for organizations such as the online legal services company. Journey allows marketers to report and optimize more effectively with a complete, detailed view of the customer jorney, while also saving significant amounts of time and resources. The accurate and granular insights delivered through CAKE's marketing intelligence platform makes it an invaluable resource for marketing teams around the world.” Journey by CAKE will provide the international online legal services company with multi-touch attribution capabilities for insights into how various multi-channel campaigns interact and help pinpoint the sequences of touchpoints that produce the best conversion rates and highest customer lifetime value. Additionally, the company will leverage Journey's paid search integrations and an analytics dashboard for advanced, customized visualizations. About CAKE by Accelerize
CAKE, a division of Accelerize Inc., provides proprietary cloud-based solutions to collect, attribute and optimize the performance of digital marketing return on investment, in real-time. Bringing clarity to cross-channel marketing campaigns, we empower advertisers, agencies, publishers and networks from more than 50 countries worldwide with the insight to make intelligent marketing decisions. CAKE by Accelerize is headquartered in Newport Beach, Calif. with operations in London and New Delhi. For more information, visit www.getCAKE.com. About Accelerize Accelerize Inc. (OTCQB: ACLZ) (OTCBB: ACLZ) offers marketing technology solutions that revolutionize the way advertisers leverage their digital advertising data. For more information, visit www.accelerize.com. Use of Forward-looking Statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements from Accelerize Inc. within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and federal securities laws. For example, when Accelerize describes the benefits and impact of Journey by CAKE and uses other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "will" and similar expressions, Accelerize is using forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Accelerize only, and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: changes in technology and market requirements; our technology may not be validated as we progress further; we may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of our products and services; unforeseen market and technological difficulties may develop with our products and services; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; or, loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of Accelerize to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, Accelerize undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. For a more detailed description of the risk and uncertainties affecting Accelerize, reference is made to Accelerize's reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Media Contact Brittany Christopher PR@getCAKE.com (949) 548-2253 x 257 Investor Contact Ascendant Partners, LLC Richard Galterio Rich@ascendantpartnersllc.com (732) 410-9810
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
This is one odd ​soon-to-be ex-​couple.
Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin sat elbow to elbow whispering to each other during their first divorce hearing Wednesday​ ​— then left together in a chauffeur-driven car.
Abedin, whose husband will be sentenced later this month for sexting with a minor, smiled as she stood next to the disgraced ex-congressman in the courthouse elevator, even though she's filed a contested divorce proceeding against him.
And Weiner seemingly couldn't be happier.
“Feeling ​OK, Anthony?” a reporter asked.
“Thank you, yes. Bless you guys,” the repeat sext-offender, who ​once ​went by the online moniker Carlos Danger, said on his way into Manhattan Supreme Court.
Justice Michael Katz said he was “glad to hear” that Weiner and Abedin “would like to resolve this amicably.”
“I certainly would encourage you to try to work out a plan together with your attorneys' assistance,” Katz said. “It certainly would be better for your son if you could do that. It would save you a lot of stress.
“Hopefully the financials can be worked out amicably as well,” the judge added.
Abedin finally filed for divorce in May just hours after Weiner tearfully pleaded guilty to sexting with the underage girl.
His sexting addiction first surfaced in 2011 when pictures of his crotch leaked onto the internet — ultimately leading him to resign from Congress.
Abedin first separated from her husband in August 2016 after The Post published yet another crotch shot — this time with the couple's toddler son in the picture.
Jordan Zain Weiner is now 5.
Abedin​, a longtime aide to Hillary Clinton,​ is trying to avoid further public humiliation by asking the judge to seal her divorce case. ​Her attorney introduced her well-known client to the judge.
“Amy Donehower for plaintiff, who's anonymous,” the attorney said.
Abedin, dressed in a black skirt suit paired with polka dot stiletto heels, had just been photographed by the press in the courtroom hallway.
Yet she and her husband are still asking the judge to approve a special Anonymous versus Anonymous caption to make their divorce harder to follow.
“We've made a motion to keep this case confidential,” Donehower said, adding that she wished to bar the press and public from future appearances.
“Because there is a child involved, we'd like to keep these proceedings secret to the extent your honor will allow,” she added.
The judge was skeptical of the request.
“I appreciate the parties' request to keep this as quiet as possible, but as a practical matter, it does not appear to me that despite your attempt to have this be anonymous, it's particularly anonymous,” the judge deadpanned.
He said he would rule on the matter in the coming days, but noted that there was a “high standard” for closing the courtroom.
Weiner and Abedin moved seats to sit next to each other while their attorneys met with the judge behind closed doors to discuss a schedule for the case.
They declined to comment after the 30-minute proceeding, but walked down the courthouse steps together to an awaiting SUV.
Their bid for anonymity outside the courthouse was dashed as a passerby shouted, “Anthony Weiner, what's up?”
The ex-congressman ignored the question while opening the car's back door for his soon-to-be ex-wife, and then sliding in next to her.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Mice found in apartment buildings across New York City carry disease-causing bacteria, including a few superbug germs, researchers reported Tuesday.
The mice seem to be getting these germs from human trash — specifically from food that people throw out. But it's entirely possible that they could transmit these bacteria right back to their human landlords, the team at Columbia University said.
And these mice are not living only in poor neighborhoods.
“We found them throughout the city,” said Ian Lipkin, director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health, who led the study.
“We found them in wealthy areas and we found them in not-so wealthy-areas.”
It's possible that the mice are a reservoir for disease-causing bacteria, including superbugs, Lipkin said, although the team did not show this.
As researchers look, they're finding these antibiotic-resistant germs across the country. Many carry the genes that give them superpowers to fight off antibiotics in little cassettes of DNA that they can swap and share with other bacteria, even other species of bacteria.
Lipkin's team examined 416 mice collected from the Bronx, Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens. They examined the mice directly, as well as their droppings and urine.
“Most of the trapping we did was located in proximity to garbage pails and trash compactors in large apartment buildings." “Most of the trapping we did was located in proximity to garbage pails and trash compactors in large apartment buildings."
“We trapped wild house mice inside multiunit residential buildings in NYC and surveyed them for the presence of pathogenic bacteria and AMR (antimicrobial resistance) genes,” they wrote in their report, published in the journal mBio.
“We found Shigella, Salmonella and C. difficile, as well as certain types of E. coli that are associated with severe diarrheal illness,” Lipkin said. “We also found Leptospira, which causes unexplained fever.”
Three percent of the mice carried Salmonella bacteria, 14 percent carried disease-causing Shigella, 12 percent carried the food poisoning germ Clostridium perfringens, 4 percent carried enteropathogenic Escherichia coli and 4 percent carried Clostridium difficile, a notorious cause of often-fatal chronic diarrhea.
As anyone who has fought off a mouse infestation can testify, mice leave their droppings everywhere they scurry. They also leave a more invisible trail of urine, which can also spread germs.
The researchers found the bacteria in the pellets of the mice, as well as in and on their bodies. They found Leptospira in their kidneys.
“These bacteria carried genes that confer resistance to some of the drugs that are absolutely critical to our antibiotic armamentarium,” Lipkin said. These include the classes of drugs called fluoroquinolone and the beta-lactamases. “This is a potentially serious problem,” he said.
“I can't say that I am surprised that these animals have these bacteria or that they have antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Nevertheless, it is important to look.”
Mice 'live with us'
The good news is that the New York City mice did not carry disease-causing viruses. A second survey found they did carry viruses, including some previously unknown to science, but none known to make people sick. Other species of mice can carry hantaviruses, which they spread in their urine and which can cause deadly lung infections.
Lipkin's team alarmed New Yorkers in 2015 with a study of the germs that rats carry. But he says mice are even more important.
“New Yorkers tend to focus on rats because they are larger and we see them scurrying around in streets or subways,” he said.
“However, from a public health vantage point, mice are more worrisome because they live indoors and are more likely to contaminate our environment, even if we don't see them,” he added. “They live with us. They eat our food.”
What can people do?
Make sure food is in mouse-proof containers, for one. That includes garbage.
“Most of the trapping we did was located in proximity to garbage pails and trash compactors in large apartment buildings,” he said. “People put everything into these. There's going to be fruit and old bread and all kinds of things. There is plenty of opportunity for infection and for bacteria to remain behind.”
Plus, people need to control rodents. And if there is evidence rodents have been in a home, cleaning up with germ-killing products such as bleach.
“A lot of this is common sense,” Lipkin said.
Stories under the Almanack's Editorial Staff byline come from press releases and other notices. To have your news noticed here at the Almanack contact our editor John Warren at adkalmanack@gmail.com.
→
A property company has lodged a planning application with Bord Pleanala for one hundred and thirty eight apartments and a retail and creche development at Mill Street in Maynooth.
The application was lodged on September 18 and signed off on September 29.
It is one of the new applications whereby housing developments comprising over 100 units can be sent straight to Bord Pleanala rather than have to go to the local authority, in this case Kildare County Council.
The proposal comes from the Ladas Property Company Unlimited, owned by the Comer brothers, Barry, Luke and Brian, registered at Leixlip.
Under the Planning and Development (Housing) and Residential Tenancies Act, the proposers of this Strategic Housing Development, must have an initial consultation with the local authority. Then a tripartite discussion, between the Board, Council and the developer takes place. The legislation allows sixteen weeks for Bord Pleanala to make its decision. Fines can be imposed if a decision is late.
The public can make submissions or object to Bord Pleanala.
No appeal will be allowed but it will be open to anyone objecting to seek a judicial review in the High Court.
The Lackagh National School Fun Run and Family Day took place at Ellistown GAA grounds on Sunday June 24. Photographer Tony Keane popped along to capture all the action.
If your unit is on the list then Apple will fix it free of charge (within two years of the original purchase date) by sending it to a repair center. If you've already paid for a repair then look out for an email about reimbursement, and if it doesn't show up then give Apple a call. This is hardly the first recall/repair program we've seen for various iPhone issues, which have recently included battery problems (that preceded the software update that slowed down affected phones) for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus "touch disease."
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Open House Lagos 2018 Activity Line Up
As the count down for Lagos' biggest architectural festival begins, Open House Lagos is excited to announce the line up for this year's edition.
As opposed to the regular weekend tours in previous editions, this year will come with a unique yet, exciting twist. Kicking off with a mini launch event x Design Talk on Thursday, 26th April 2018 , the festival will host abridged tours from April through October 2018.
See details below:
1. OHL Mini Launch Event + 9H DesignTalk
​ Speakers: OPA Ladega Interstate Architects, Aramide Akinosho, Amanda Iheme, Isi Etomi, Tosin Oshinowo, Ade Shokunbi, Chuka Ihonor. Date: Thurday, 26th April 2018 Venue: The Finery, The Finery, 10 Onisiwo Road (formerly Probyn Road) Ikoyi. Time: 18:00h
2. OHL Tour of Rom Isichei's Home/Studio ​
Description: Explore the home and studio for artist Rom isichei located in Ilupeju, Lagos designed by Sola Adesina. Location: 2, Kujore Street , off Olowogbowo, Street, Ilupeju, Lagos. Date: Saturday 28th April, 2018 . Sign Up: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ohl-2018-tour-rom-isichei-homestudio-tickets-45428267170 3. OHL Tour of German Consulate Lagos Date: Sunday, 29th April, 2018 . Location: 15 Eleke Crescent (now Walter Carrington Crescent), Victoria Island. Sign-Up: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ohl-2018-tour-rom-isichei-homestudio-tickets-45428267170 Open House Lagos 2018 is proudly supported by British Council, Pulse NG, BellaNaija.com, Ventures Africa, Nothing To DO In Lagos, 360Nobs, Taxify NG, Matatu NG, Cycology, Livin Spaces, Guardian Life, Ebony Life TV. For inquiries on partnerships, sponsorship and more information, contact: Email: [email protected] . Website: www.openhouselagos.com Twitter: @Openhouselagos Facebook: @OpenHouseLagos Instagram: @Openhouselagos
The post Open House Lagos 2018 Activity Line Up appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Top seed Peng Shuai was among a host of emphatic victors on day one of the Biyuan Zhengzhou Women's Tennis Open.
All eight of Monday's first-round matches were won in straight sets, home favourite Peng thrashing Japan's Shuko Aoyoma 6-1 6-1.
Peng's compatriots Wang Qiang and Duan Yingying triumphed by the same scoreline, against Hiroko Kuwata and Peangtarn Plipuech respectively.
Liu Fangzhou and wildcard Yang Zhaoxuan were other Chinese winners on Monday, while Nao Hibino, Eri Hozumi and Valentini Grammatikopoulou also made it through to round two.
As one of the longest–tenured Jordan Brand athletes, Ray Allen has lived a sneaker aficionado's dream. From wearing special player editions kicks in games to appearing in some of the brand's most prominent campaigns, Allen has carried the legacy of MJ everywhere and is now passing the torch down to the next generation of basketball athletes.
We caught up with Allen at this year's Jordan Brand Classic to chat about sneakers, the retired life and “The Class of XXX1” campaign that is inspired by three decades of Jordan Brand tradition in performance and style.
Jarrel Harris: What do you think about the Jordan Brand Classic experience and Class of XXXI Campaign?
Ray Allen: Well it is an awesome campaign just to think about what Michael Jordan started. I don't think he even knew what he started. Just from his passion from the game and the jumpman that just transcends sport. It's lifestyle for us, it's a competition, it's a brotherhood, it's a sisterhood. You see some of the them that sport the logo and now with the shoe (the XXXI) it's just connected to generations. You can ask a person what their favorite Jordan is and based on what they tell you, you would know how old they are. Because there's a certain time in a year where you learn how much a shoe means to us. That's when we got our hands on it or couldn't get our hand on it. It's been privileged because I couldn't get my hands on it. And to represent the Brand for the last 20 years is an incredible honor. Now looking at these kids, they don't realize they are ambassadors now the minute they step on the court.
JH: You recently traveled to Spain to work with the JBC international team… How was that experience and what are your thoughts on how far the game has grown?
RA: It's super crazy and I told them when I was there, ‘You guys weren't born yet, but the 1992 Olympics was probably the jump off for the global expansion of NBA basketball.' Because when the people in Barcelona got to see the Dream Team, the best players the NBA could offer, we didn't have League Pass, we didn't have any of that. It was like their first glimpse of these superhuman incredible athlete basketball players. After the NBA started to realize that this was a huge market. They started getting teams for preseason, exhibition stuff, training camps, and now we play NBA games overseas. So just being over there in Barcelona you just see the effect that it is had. Because even on the Olympics, each year now, teams are trying to fill good players—you now see when American players who play overseas start playing on their Olympic squads, which in turn shows a greater face of those countrymen that these kids want to play better basketball. You see a lot of coaches from the NBA coaching on Olympic teams in other counties and doing camps and stuff, those programs really grow the game. It's good globally because for one, business wise it's more money for the pot for everybody. It truly makes the international game and we see more of a spicier talent pool. It's truly a world championship now when someone wins the NBA Finals.
JH: You have been with the Jordan Brand longer than most athletes… For someone thinking about signing with the brand—what would be your pitch?
RA: I don't think I need to throw a pitch. The brand sells itself. In my time in the NBA every teammate that I had wanted to be a Jordan Brand athlete. They wanted the shoes I had, they wanted the gear I had, they wanted me to give them shoes. So I think the brand sells itself because there are so many iconic shoes that the kids want to be a part of and I don't think there is anything like that that exists. There are shoe companies that may come out with one or two good shoes over the course of time but the Jordans? The depth is crazy.
JH: What is your story behind signing with the Jordan Brand?
RA: I almost ended up wearing FILA. My agent at the time tried to make me accept a check for a $100,000 but they were telling me they were going to give me a signature shoe. It was either FILA or Nike at the time and (FILA) told (I'd get) the signature shoe for five years years but the first two I had to lead the team in scoring, rebounding, steals or assists. And I'm going to Milwaukee with Glenn Robinson and Vin Baker and I was like this is basically a two year deal, they were just trying to put the wool over my eyes and I was smart. I didn't need the $100,000. Then Nike came back and said well listen, if you come with us we can't guarantee you a shoe but we are starting this new company, it is going to be called Brand Jordan and you will be one of the first athletes. And you know there were no guarantees made. I didn't take that check and I was going wearing my heart is. One gentleman told me “if you are a great NBA player, what would you rather have on your foot? Where do you think you will blow up more, with FILA or with Nike?” And I told him Nike hands down.
JH: What was your favorite Jordan campaign/commercial that you were a part of when you played?
RA: I don't remember the name of campaign but one of my favorites was “Umi Says” with Mos Def and what was interesting about that was, I was playing at Milwaukee at the time, and I got a call last minute and I think it was from Dale Allen (Director sports marketing at Nike/Jordan Brand) but they were shooting the commercial in South Beach and I think Eddie Jones was supposed to do the shoot, and either he couldn't do because of scheduling, practice or whatever it was they were dead in the wind and I had a day off and they said we are going to fly you down here and put you in this commercial. I did this commercial on Ocean Ave. on South Beach and Mos Def was in the video in the background so every time I hear that song, I think of that commercial. And the other one was “Overjoyed.” Overjoyed was probably my favorite one because it played more. The song is sad but it's a beautiful song and when I think about sitting behind the scenes and waiting and like this is a real life. It's make you sad because it's just not about basketball, our greatness on the court or things we could do, but you have real official businesses you have to attend to and sometimes you get caught sitting there waiting in between scenes and you still have to do your job in that aspect as well.
JH: You are a legend in the sneaker community for having rocked some of the best Jordan PE's ever…What are some of your favorite ones?
RA: The XI's are obviously one of my favorites. I think so much I had in Boston was great because the green and white just set everything off because no one ever saw them before. They were just off the charts when everyone saw them.
Another was the sneaker with the thumbprint on the side, I think it's the 23's, it looked like it was a real fancy shoe. I had a pair on St. Patty's day and I had green and I had another pair that was this color (points to beige sweats) with a little bit of green on it and the crazy part was that I used to always slip on them because when I used to turn the corner I would catch the little plastic on the side. But they were one of my favorites from a look perspective, they just looked so good. They didn't get enough credit.
JH: Now that you have retired you entered the restaurant business. You recently celebrated the one-year anniversary of Grown. Can you dish about what exactly is Grown and what is the future plans for it?
RA: The future is bright. The space that we are in now—we are an organic fast food restaurant with a drive-thru and what we have seen over the course of my time, we have so many bad options to eat. People are only getting busier. My wife is the creator and 100% of the restaurant is organic. We serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. We want people to use Grown like they use any fast food restaurant, we have so many busy moms who pull up to the drive-thru with the kids in the back and they don't want to get out of the car. We have salmon, shrimp, rotisserie chicken, briskets, we do salads, fresh pressed juices, gluten free options such like pancakes. People walk in and they feel satiated and they don't feel guilt that they eat. We have like crossfitters that come in and people who are trying to lose weight and people who know we don't have bad stuff in our food. There are some people who we have to educate on what organic is because they don't think organic doesn't taste good. They think it's that fu-fu food that have no taste to it but we make our own dressings and we would bring regular customers to the back so they can see that these are the ingredients that we use. And this is what I walk in looks like. We don't freeze anything.
This year we were in the Hard Rock Stadium where the Dolphins play, in three weeks we are going to open in Orlando, Connecticut, Wesleyan University, so when you ask what the future is, we want to go everywhere. We get request from people all over the place. We got people overseas who want to franchise. We haven't got into a franchise yet because the problem we have now is that we locally source our food and we use a couple organic producers, so trying to go everywhere we want me to know we have the same model where they are going to get their food and the prices will be so particular businesses can make money because it's hard making money because you don't want people to come in and say well we are going to open Grown here but we are going to change up the menu a bit because this is Dallas, that's the problem with us franchising but we are going to grow because people all over America is calling and screaming for healthier options. It's been great because of the course of my career I learned how to eat and learned how to fuel and do what I do so now we want to give people the option to eat better and change their lives.
This article originally appeared on
Video
The funeral of a teenager who was stabbed in the heart as he walked back from the shops has taken place.
Mourners gathered at St Augustine's Church, Ipswich, to pay their respects to Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, 17, who was killed in the town on 2 June.
Two people have been charged with his murder.
Trump touts US-French relationship amid Bastille Day celebrations PARIS – President Donald Trump watched U.S. and French soldiers march together through the Paris sunshine on Friday in a double celebration marking 100 years since the United States entered...
Trump says GOP health care bill approval 'must happen' President Trump tweeted Friday morning that GOP plans for the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare “must happen” — as Senate leaders try to muster support for the revised legislation. “Republicans...
Trump arrives in Paris for Bastille Day celebrations President Donald Trump will be meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron as part of his visit to France for Bastille Day celebrations in Paris. Trump arrived in Paris on Thursday...
Two arrested in Nice over truck attack: source Police arrested a man and a woman in the French city of Nice on Sunday morning in connection with the truck attack that killed at least 84 people celebrating Bastille...
Heroic father and 'extraordinary' mom among dead in Nice attack A French father saving his pregnant wife. A father and son from Texas. A young Russian woman. A German teacher and two of her students. These are just some of...
Unlikely Bastille Day jihadist 'was not a Muslim, he was a s- -t' He's a Tunisian-born petty criminal with a violent streak — but nobody saw this coming. Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, who killed at least 84 Bastille Day revelers and wounded hundreds more...
Nice's road of terror and tears This is the terrorists road of ruin. The fiend who killed 84 people — including 10 children — on the Nice waterfront Thursday left a trail of carnage 1 1/4...
Motorcyclist run over trying to stop Bastille Day attacker A heroic motorcyclist tried to hijack the truck used by the Bastille Day attacker — racing alongside the driver's door and even attempting to open it — before crashing and...
A cry from France: After Nice, can we finally face the truth about this war? The French Riviera is the one spot in Europe that comes closest to the image of an earthly paradise. At its heart is the Franco-Italian city of Nice, now France's...
CLAREMORE, Okla. — A northeast Oklahoma couple has been arrested following a Snapchat image of a baby in a laundry bag that was hanging from a door handle.
The Claremore Daily Progress reports that 23-year-old Paul Chuckluck and 21-year-old Johnnie Gaghins were booked into Rogers County Jail on Monday. They face possible charges of child abuse or neglect.
Hominy police alerted the Claremore Police Department about the photo's appearance on Snapchat, a social media app. Claremore police obtained a copy of the picture and found that Chuckluck and Gaghins were the baby's parents.
Police allege that Chuckluck placed the nine-month-old inside a mesh laundry bag, tied a knot and hung the bag on a door handle. Records say Gaghin said she thought it was funny and took a photo of the child.
Costumed revelers let loose during SantaCon She's naughty and nice all at once. A spirited gal reaches The Copper Still, a bar on Second Avenue in the East Village that hosted SantaCon revelers on Saturday. The...
The photos these Santas will be sorry to see The raunchy Santa-themed bar crawl started in Brooklyn and slowly migrated down toward the Lower East Side.
The NYPD is fed up with naughty Santas The NYPD has a warning for the parade of drunken Santas descending on the Big Apple for the annual Santa­Con pub crawl Saturday — you better be nice or you'll...
With victory over the Detroit Lions, the Green Bay Packers booked a home tilt against the New York Giants in next week's wild-card round.
If there's a team that knows how to beat the Packers at Lambeau in the postseason, it's the Giants, whose path to a Super Bowl title went through Green Bay twice over the past decade.
This is a different year with different teams, however. The Packers beat the Giants at Lambeau in Week 5, but nobody could have predicted the paths either team would take from there.
Following a 23-16 victory, Green Bay would win only one of its next six games, falling to 4-6 and on the brink of an early exit. The Giants left Lambeau at 2-3, but went onto win nine of its final 11 games to enter the playoffs with momentum.
No team has momentum quite like the Packers, though. They've essentially been playing postseason football for six weeks, any loss along the way potentially having season-ending implications. Winners of six straight and a quarterback playing some of the best football of his Hall-of-Fame career, nobody wants to meet these Packers.
Dallas (13-3) holds home-field advantage throughout the postseason. Atlanta (11-5) grabbed a first-round bye. These two await the winners on wild-card weekend.
Green Bay's NFC North-clinching win earns them a home game. Sunday's losers Detroit will head to Seattle on a short week, a consolation prize for falling short in the division.
Should the Packers win, a Seahawks win would send Green Bay to Dallas, a Lions win would set up a Packers meeting with Atlanta.
Now, the focus must be on the Giants. History suggests they know what it takes to win at Lambeau in the postseason.
Wild Card Weekend schedule
AFC: Oakland (5) at Houston (4) — Saturday, January 7, 4:30 p.m. ET
NFC: Detroit (6) at Seattle (3) — Saturday, January 7, 8:15 p.m. ET
AFC: Miami (6) at Pittsburgh (3) — Sunday, January 8, 1:05 p.m. ET
NFC: NY Giants (5) at Green Bay (4) — Sunday, January 8, 4:40 p.m. ET
More from Lombardi Ave
This article originally appeared on
WTS New Remington UMC 223 55gn FMJ 1000 rnds I have 3 1000 rnd Bulk Packed cases of Remington UMC 223 55 grn FMJ Ammo for sale. This is new unopened Remington UMC ammo. I will sell for $300 each Shipped. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Therese MacGowan, the mother of Pogues singer Shane MacGowan died in a road crash in County Tipperary yesterday (Sunday) afternoon.
Gardaí said the car she was driving hit a wall near Silvermines shortly before 3pm.
Ms MacGowan was in her late 80s and lived in the locality. Local Labour TD Alan Kelly has described Mrs MacGowan's death as a terrible tragedy. "Along with her husband, they are held in high regard with great affection," he said. "She will be sorely missed by all the people in Silvermines and surrounds."
Therese, who was a traditional singer and dancer, hailed from County Tipperary while her husband, Maurice MacGowan is a Dubliner. Shane was born in Pembury, Kent in 1957 when the couple were living in England, and spent his early childhood in Tipperary before his family moved back to England when he was six and a half. He lived in Brighton and London and formed his best-known band, the Pogues in 1982.
The singer saluted his heart-felt love and deep appreciation for Tipperary in the lyrics of The Pogues song, The Broad Majestic Shannon. The singer also has a sister, Siobhán.
Greg Cote has been a Miami Herald sports columnist since 1995 and also writes the Random Evidence blog and NFL predictions along with his notorious sidekick the Upset Bird. He has covered Hurricanes football (1984-88), the Dolphins (1990-91) and major events including Super Bowls, NBA Finals, World Series, Stanley Cup, Olympics and World Cup.Read Greg Cote's Random Evidence blog at http://blogs.herald.com/random_evidence/
Image caption Anti-fracking protestors outside the public inquiry included Friends of the Earth, the Green Party and Harthill Against Fracking
A public inquiry into fracking exploration near Rotherham has begun.
Petrochemical company Ineos wants to drill a test well at Common Lane east of Harthill.
Its initial application was rejected by Rotherham Council's planning board in January, and referred to the Planning Inspectorate.
Protestors claim the drilling will lead to environmental and safety concerns, including increased traffic and pollution.
More Yorkshire stories
Ineos want to dig a 2.8km (1.7mile) well to extract rock samples for testing to see if it is viable.
What is fracking and why is it controversial?
They chose Common Road because of "seismic data". Similar applications for test wells have been submitted in Woodsetts, Worksop and Marsh Lane, Derbyshire.
Ineos says exploratory digging is not the same as fracking.
Rotherham planners rejected the application in January on the grounds of highway safety, and a lack of ecological detail.
The two-week public inquiry will hear from Ineos, Rotherham Council and Harthill Against Fracking and the planning inspectorate will ultimately decide whether the test site gets the go-ahead.
Image caption Harthill Against Fracking said: "Basically we don't want industrialisation of our village."
Les Barlow, of Harthill Against Fracking, said: "Basically we do not want industrialisation of our village.
"We don't want HGVs up and down single track lanes used by pedestrians, horses, dogs, cyclists.
"It's just not sensible or safe."
Image caption Ineos told the independent planning inquiry that its proposal is "supported by government policy in relation to energy issues"
Lynn Calder, Ineos's Commercial Director, said the firm was "very disappointed" that such a "simple" planning application had gone to public inquiry.
"This is one single application for a borehole to extract core from the subsurface so we can start to gain scientific knowledge about what is present and whether it can be extracted," she said.
Days before the inquiry deadline, Ineos submitted a 140-page revised traffic management plan which says the site is of "very limited ecological value".
Protestors said they were "disappointed" to have little time to digest the document before amending their arguments.
Report: Thunder ‘haven't completely moved on' from Kevin Durant departure
If you didn't enjoy watching Kevin Durant win the NBA title with the Golden State Warriors, consider how the Oklahoma City Thunder must feel.
ESPN's Royce Young told Outside the Lines that, much as they've tried to distance themselves from the story, those associated with the Thunder organization are still not over Durant's abrupt departure.
“One member of the front office told me that they're not actors in this movie, they're just bystanders, just standing on the sidewalk watching the production happen,” Young told the show on Wednesday. “And that's really the approach they've tried to kind of take with this. But the reality is, they're consumed by it. They are watching right along with everybody else, and they know what they lost. They look at the performance Kevin Durant put up in the Finals, and what he did in Oklahoma City, what he meant to the franchise, the city, the state, the region, and they know what they lost. And they haven't completely moved on, and I don't think they ever will.”
Durant obviously has no regrets about his decision. It's no doubt hard for the Thunder, who are left to watch on like a jilted lover. One can understand the lingering bitterness there.
They're calling it a “prediction,” but it's hard to interpret what the yellow-cab industry just told City Hall as anything but a threat — if not outright blackmail.
David Beier, whose Committee for Taxi Safety represents some 20 percent of New York's yellow-taxi medallion agents, has threatened to yank wheelchair-accessible cabs off the street unless the city bails out the beleaguered industry.
And that, he says, could shut down the entire accessible-cab program, which would endanger a federal-court settlement requiring half of all yellow cabs to be wheelchair-accessible by 2020.
Mayor de Blasio, to his credit, has been saying no dice to a bailout. He rightly insists that yellow cabs adjust to the changing market that has seen the value of medallions plummet since the rise of Uber and Lyft.
That's a turnaround for the mayor, of course: Early on, he tried to clamp down hard on e-hail services after receiving tons of campaign cash from the yellows. But that effort was beaten back.
Medallion owners insist the accessible cabs are too costly to maintain, though officials maintain government subsidies are available to cover most of the costs.
Look, we understand — and sympathize with — the medallion owners' plight: Many invested in pricey medallions thinking it a sure-fire cash cow. For many years it was, as their value soared beyond all expectations.
But now technological change has eroded the value of the yellow cabs' monopoly on street hails, and medallions are going for a fraction of what they were once worth. Owners can't make their loan payments and banks won't even back medallion purchases.
But the city has also taken a big hit, holding some 1,600 unsellable medallions.
Ultimately, the free market has to prevail. Medallion owners should devote their efforts to figuring out how to adapt, rather than making heavy-handed threats.
ALBANY, N.Y. — New York will give in-state tuition rates to students from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands who were displaced by recent hurricanes.
The State University of New York Board of Trustees approved the initiative on Friday at the direction of Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat.
SUNY Board Chairman H. Carl McCall says the state's higher education system has a responsibility to help those students whose ability to get an education was put at risk by the storms.
New York authorized in-state tuition for students displaced by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and the 2010 earthquake in Haiti. Rates vary between the state's public colleges and universities, but the typical in-state student can save roughly $10,000 a year.
A crooked city social worker looted over $214,000 from the bank accounts of a 94-year-old Brooklyn woman she was supposed to be caring for — and used the cash at stores...
Like many almost-4-year-olds, Morena Baccarin's son adores superheroes. So when he overheard someone mentioning Gotham to his mother — as in the city where Batman operates — he had some questions.
“You work in Gotham City?” the child asked, eyes wide.
“I guess I do,” she replied.
Gears turned, thoughts processed, pieces clicked into place. His mother, the person who had brought him into the world and cared for him his entire life, suddenly became so much cooler.
For Baccarin, 38, the fictional world is bleeding into the real one more and more these days. A stroll through the streets near her Battery Park home draws double takes from pedestrians — not only do they recognize the actress from her role as Dr. Leslie Thompkins on the Fox show “Gotham,” they also notice the man she's with: Ben McKenzie, who plays Jim Gordon, her on-again, off-again love interest on the series.
“When they see us together, usually they recognize one of us first, then they look at the other and go, ‘Oh, my God!'” Baccarin says over an omelet at Tribeca's Odeon Restaurant.
Their characters are currently in a rocky place on “Gotham.” Not so for the real-life couple, who were married this past summer in a ceremony at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
“We'd looked at a few places, but this was just so beautiful,” Baccarin says. “They have this Art Deco, glass Palm House that overlooks a lily pond.” It also happened to be where McKenzie proposed to Baccarin — on the show, that is.
The newlyweds got to know each other on the set of “Gotham” in 2015. But, as she playfully likes to point out, they actually first bumped into each other in 2006, when Baccarin did a three-episode guest spot on the Fox teen drama “The O.C.,” with McKenzie starring as troubled transplant Ryan Atwood. He, however, has no memory of that initial encounter.
“It just goes to show you, when you're in your 20s, you're not primed to meet the girl of your dreams,” the actress says with a laugh.
Baccarin, who's also snagged splashy roles in “Deadpool” and on “Homeland,” says the couple's professional relationship has since evolved. “It's wonderful,” she says. “It's nice when we work together, it's just the two of us being able to do what we love and being able to be together.”
But the plot on “Gotham” this season (its fourth) has conspired to keep them apart. Gordon and the police force are still battling villains in the city, while Thompkins has gone underground after injecting herself with a potentially deadly virus. Baccarin says her character is now working with the homeless and will ultimately help lead an underclass rebellion (and potentially reunite with her estranged love).
In the meantime, the stars' differing shooting schedules allow them to split up their parenting duties. The couple also has a 1-year-old daughter, along with Baccarin's superhero-obsessed son (whom she had with her ex-husband, producer Austin Chick).
She says the real Gotham is an ideal place to raise young children: “There's something so easy. You just stick them in a stroller, you walk outside your door. There's a fire truck and a construction site. The public library on the corner has story time. There are massive parks all over the city, and we love the Children's Museum of the Arts.”
As for her own childhood, Baccarin was born in Brazil and spent her early life in Rio de Janeiro. She moved to NYC at the age of 7 after her father, a TV news editor, was transferred to the States. The family settled into an apartment in the West Village — where her mother still lives. (Her parents are no longer together, and her father has since returned to Brazil.)
Baccarin liked science and writing as a young girl, but ultimately applied to Manhattan's LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, auditioning with a darkly comic Portuguese monologue and a selection from “Macbeth.”
“I was a really shy kid,” she says. “I thought it would be good for me to come out of my shell.”
She credits her mom, an actress, with sparking her interest in the craft. “I kind of grew up around that,” she recalls.
“Going to the theater with her and hanging out backstage and playing with the props. I gravitated towards that gypsy life of creating families everywhere you go. That's why I like a series so much, because you really do make a family.”
Baccarin decided to continue the family tradition, winning a spot in Juilliard's acting program. She says her previous decade in NYC helped her focus on her studies rather than the city's temptations.
“I got to Juilliard at 17, and I was probably the youngest in my class,” she says. “I remember the younger crowd was really excited about being in New York and going to the convenience store and buying 40s and sitting in the park. I was like, ‘That's so boring. Let's go to Smalls Jazz Club or a performance at Lincoln Center.'”
‘It's not often you get to play a badass chick or somebody with an opinion or a vulnerability.' - Morena Baccarin
She booked two small movie jobs just before graduating. And after moving to LA in 2001, she was almost immediately cast on the cult 2002 sci-fi series “Firefly.” The show was extinguished midseason, but Baccarin quickly landed other roles, including an Emmy-nominated turn as Jessica Brody on “Homeland.”
Then came the hit 2016 superhero comedy “Deadpool,” in which she played Vanessa, the title character's girlfriend.
“I wasn't searching for comic-book or sci-fi things, but it feels like there's a huge influx of them now and the characters are so interesting, especially for women,” she says.
“It's not often you get to play a badass chick or somebody with an opinion or a vulnerability.”
In addition to “Gotham,” Baccarin is currently shooting “Deadpool 2” in Vancouver, but is tight-lipped about the plot and whether her character will follow the path of the source comic and turn into shape-shifting superhero Copycat. She can, however, confirm that the sequel's production has a flexible vibe.
“As they shoot things that don't work, they do more. It's really cool. I've shot one particular scene numerous ways and we're going to see what works,” she says, before joking that it's “really annoying because I've spent a lot of time learning to do a particular underwater stunt and it may not end up in the movie.”
Baccarin would probably prefer to dress for dry land anyway, as our cover shoot attests. “I do love fashion,” she says. “I always flip-flop between really romantic and kind of edgy and I like designers that know how to marry the two very well. Alexander McQueen and Stella McCartney do these really beautiful feminine shapes, but then they trim them down and make them more modern and interesting. I love that.”
Shape-shifting and alternating between two wildly different worlds? For Baccarin, life — once again — imitates art.
Fashion Editor: Serena French Stylist: Anahita Moussavian Hair: Peter Butler at Tracey Mattingly Makeup: Matin at Tracey Mattingly Manicurist: Elle at Tracey Mattingly
Crew Credits: Serena French, fashion editor; Anahita Moussavian, stylist; Peter Butler at Tracey Mattingly, hair; Matin at Tracey Mattingly, makeup; Elle at Tracey Mattingly, manicurist.
Iranian hard-line newspapers criticize Farhadi's Oscar win The Javan daily says "Farhadi owes Donald Trump and the Democrats' media propaganda for his second Oscar."
Foreign language directors gather once more before Oscars The foreign language film race has been overshadowed and informed by President Donald Trump's seven-country travel ban.
Liam Neeson, one of the greatest actors everyone knows and loves, has been in many top box office movies, such as the Taken franchise, Non-stop, The Commuter, and many more. Now it seems as if he will be adding another strong, action movie to his top box office movie list.
Neeson is reportedly being considered for the new Men in Black spinoff, in which he will be playing the head of the MIB's United Kingdom headquarters.
Everyone knows the plot to the MIB movies, which follows two agents, J and K in a mission to fight aliens and save the world. The spinoff will follow two new agents on their mission to save the world, a similar continuity to the earlier films in this franchise.
Variety reports, Neeson will be playing a character with high status in the Men In Black organization, and will work alongside Chris Hemsworth, and Tessa Thompson, if he's enlisted for the film. Even though Neeson would not be in the action parts of the movie, it would be cool to see him fight an alien.
The Men in Black installments have science fiction elements in it, with a splash of comedy. Neeson is well known for playing many characters in an action or drama film, but rarely in a comedy. He starred as himself in Ted 2 and Daddy's Home. Furthermore, he starred as Clinch in A Million Ways alongside with Seth MacFarlane and Charlize Theron.
The plot for the spinoff is still under wraps, but this movie will have a more global scope. F. Gary Gary (The Fate of the Furious) will serve as the helmsman, and the script will be written by Iron Man duo, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway.
It's scheduled to be released on May 17th, 2019.
VANCOUVER — Crews battled a stubborn fire Wednesday that was burning under a century-old railway trestle bridge near Hope, B.C.
Jeanne Larsen of the B.C. Wildfire Service said the fire began Sunday and had charred less than a hectare of bush near the Ladner Creek trestle, a metal span that was part of the decommissioned Kettle Valley Railway.
She said the thickly timbered, steep walls of the creek canyon was preventing a three-person crew from easily battling the flames.
The wildfire service lists the fire as suspected to be human caused on its website.
Although the trestle is still standing, a witness who could not be reached for comment said in a Facebook post on Sunday that the crumbling wooden ties on the old bridge deck had burned.
Larsen could not confirm that the ties were destroyed, but she says embers from them continued to spark fires that were difficult to reach in areas around the bridge.
"Just little pieces of falling, burning debris are landing on the ground and igniting little spot fires and that's what they're dealing with," she said.
Cooler weather has eased wildfire conditions across B.C. The wildfire service says progress had been made on several major fires including the Allie Lake fire northwest of Kamloops.
Cache Creek has prohibited all campfires because of the fire risk, although propane or briquette fires are allowed. The entire village was evacuated for 11 days last summer because of wildfires that prompted the province to call a state of emergency.
The fires charred nearly 2,000 square kilometres of timber and destroyed 211 homes or properties before they were declared to be out in early October.
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Video
Delighted England fans in Hull roared their delight as England moved into the World Cup quarter finals on penalties.
The crowds at The Piper couldn't contain their joy as Eric Dier's spot kick propelled the team into the last eight.
Image copyright PA
The NHS will consume 66% of the Welsh budget by 2048 if demand increases in line with predicted demand, according to new research.
Health economist Prof Ceri Phillips said spending on the NHS would need to rise by 4% a year.
Currently £6bn out of a total Welsh budget of £14.5bn goes to the NHS.
The Welsh Government said its Health and Social Care Plan aimed to reduce demand through more people managing their own health and well-being.
BBC Wales Investigates had asked Prof Phillips, from Swansea University, to question existing projections for healthcare in Wales and then calculate how much extra spending would be needed to keep the NHS afloat.
The Health Foundation previously estimated spending should rise by 3.2% a year.
But Prof Phillips said this research two years ago was based on assumptions that could now be out of date because of increasing demand and other changes.
Image caption Prof Ceri Phillips said 'throwing money at the system is not the solution'
He said if spending rose in line with his new projections of growth in demand, the NHS budget would increase from about £6bn now to more than £17bn by 2048 - the year of the NHS turns 100.
But Prof Phillips said: "Throwing money at the system is not the solution."
He said demand for healthcare could be reduced by reforming the way it is delivered, by improving the efficiency of the system and keeping a grip on pay levels.
The Welsh Government said its Health and Social Care Plan, unveiled last month, aimed to have more people managing their own health and well-being "supported by new technologies and by integrated health and social care services which are delivered closer to home".
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething said: "There's quite a lot of change going to be delivered.
"That change must be about changing the focus of where care takes place and actually not keeping people in hospital for as long as they currently are."
There will also, he said, be more emphasis on preventive measures to keep people out of the system altogether.
"I do expect to see a difference. It's about people making their own choices: saying to someone to change the way they eat, it's good for them, good for families, and we need to better to explain what works and make it easy for people."
NHS Street
Image caption The Thomas family live in Aneurin Bevan's hometown of Tredegar
People living in the hometown of the founder of the NHS, Aneurin Bevan, have spoken of their hopes and fears for its future.
Asheley Thomas, 29, who is a learning disability nurse from Tredegar, said: "If we were ever to go down a private insurance route, a lot of people would lose out.
"It's also a big employer in this area. I know two paramedics, five other nurses, one doctor and some healthcare assistants.
"But having worked in it as a nurse, I also worry about its future."
Read more stories about health and the NHS from Aneurin Bevan's hometown.
Prof Phillips calculated that spending on the Welsh NHS could be kept to under 50% of the budget if changes, such as those outlined by the Welsh Government, succeeded in reducing additional demand for healthcare to 2.5% a year.
But he said there would also have to be improvements in efficiency within the NHS in excess of those achieved over the past few years.
"Reforms to reduce demand and bring in new ways of delivering social care will themselves need significant investment which have not been factored into the calculations," he added.
Last month Prime Minister Theresa May announced the NHS in England would be getting an annual budget increase of 3.4% up to 2023.
It is not yet known what this announcement will mean in extra cash for Wales or how the Welsh Government would spend any windfall.
The NHS: Fit for Purpose? will be shown on BBC One Wales at 22:40 BST on 4 July
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group B matches between Portugal, Spain, Morocco and Iran
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group B?
Portugal
Spain
Morocco
Iran
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Morocco v Iran being played? Friday 15th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Krestovsky Stadium, Saint Petersburg
When is Portugal v Spain being played? Friday 15th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Fisht Olympic Stadium, Sochi
When is Portugal v Morocco being played? Wednesday 20th June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow
When is Iran v Spain being played? Wednesday 20th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kazan Arena, Kazan
When is Iran v Portugal being played? Monday 25th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Mordovia Arena, Saransk
When is Spain v Morocco being played? Monday 25th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kaliningrad Stadium, Kaliningrad
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
Halfway to the playoffs, and two stories are emerging in NASCAR's premier series with one common theme: Points.
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year's championship field might be sewed up by September.
And then there are the “regular” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field.
There have been six winners through the first 13 races, mostly because of Busch (four victories) and Harvick (five). If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR's premier series can maintain their torrid pace, and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat (which seems likely), there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014.
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners, and if there are fewer than 16, the remaining slots are awarded on points. The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 (Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon, Ryan Newman, Paul Menard and Bowyer), and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year.
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat, the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track (Chicagoland) and a new cutoff race.
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field.
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer, given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners.
If there is a points battle of, say, more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths, it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds.
Though last year's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front, it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race.
Thus, Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami.
While it isn't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale, Busch (25 playoff points) and Harvick (24) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season (16 after 13 races). At this rate, both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites.
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which means he has won at every track on the Cup circuit.
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte's road course. Yes, the track will carry a “Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval” designation on the schedule, and its debut will mean that he won't have won at every Cup layout.
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons.
Start with the fact that the “Roval” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600.
And let's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races, and there is little distinction made in designating them.
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS. Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24.
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “new” track, which opens a Pandora's box of questions about retrofitting its record books.
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races. The Roval layout might be on a different level, but so is Richmond Raceway's 65-year evolution.
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968. Two decades later, it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track.
None of this is abundantly obvious (unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances) on Racing-Reference.info, the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information. Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt (which should count as much as a “new” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course).
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that (because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “new” track) the record would last for four months .
How about letting him enjoy it for much longer than that? As in, until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule?
There's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders.
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction?
Power's Indy 500 win, coupled with his 2014 championship, should allow him to write his own ticket with team owner Roger Penske, who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville, North Carolina. Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car, as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden (who also have IndyCar titles).
“Hell, yes,” Newgarden said last week. “I love NASCAR. I think it's awesome. Open wheel cars captured me as a kid. That doesn't mean I don't like stock cars. But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything. I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have.
Joked Pagenaud: “I'm very French but could do it. I can drink coffee while I drive, no problem. I can do it.”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century. “You have to have a side,” he said. “You have to choose one. I think it's so stupid. I like it all. I watch everything. I watch NASCAR stuff. We all do. We all follow that stuff. We'd all love to try it.
“When you drive for Roger, you have to first focus on what you're hired for, and you're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship, and if you do a great job at that, maybe one day you'll get an opportunity to try a stock car. I hope that happens.”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity (Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities. James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR.
And based how he handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy, we wouldn't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot, too.
For the second time this season, four Chevrolet drivers (Jimmie Johnson, Jamie McMurray, Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte. It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway, but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota.
The impact of NASCAR's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers, who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce.
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro, whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall (in demonstration mode during the playoffs).
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop, joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season. NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems.
That isn't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements, but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS (which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors) makes it a more attractive option for teams.
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams' use at its R&D Center in Concord, North Carolina, many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process.
“I think we anticipated teams would buy this,” Probst said on last week's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast. “Teams measuring (cars) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop, that's a very reasonable thing to do.
“There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology. It's relatively simple, the results are fairly quick and accurate. It's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions. It's a more efficient system in general.”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Spotify or Google Play.
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte, and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt.
Jones' No. 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because his front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun.
The reason? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun's hose while entering his stall just ahead, ripping it from changer Houston Stamper's hands.
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all. But there are two important rules of thumb to consider.
–A driver entering his stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired (without violating another car's pit box).
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm's way.
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he'd gone out of his way to affect Jones' stop.
In two of the past three seasons, the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps.
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR's longest race was 83 percent (Jim Paschal in 1967).
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway.
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions. And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop, there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever.
Sunday's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race. While it thankfully didn't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte (unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year) because it was defused so quickly, it still begs the question: Why is this still happening?
We've written this before, but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing, not just for the event but racing in general. Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future, it's worth it.
Close Modal Window
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Image caption This shop in a small Northamptonshire town was the first British retailer to sell Lego
The owner of a family-run shop which was covered in Lego for the toy's 60th birthday has said people came from as far as France to see it.
Osborne's in Rusden, Northamptonshire, was the first British retailer to sell the bricks.
Lego offered to give the shop front a makeover with 277,500 bricks to mark the anniversary last weekend.
Will Osborne said: "It was like a carnival, with people outside from dawn to dusk taking pictures and pointing.
"I was talking to one chap who came from Norwich and one guy apparently came from France - obviously a Lego fan who thought he would never see this again.
"It was a feel-good event for the town and was good, not just for us, but businesses up and down the high street."
Image copyright AFP Image caption It took 277,500 individual bricks to cover the shop front in Lego
The shop's door, signage and part of the outer walls were covered in the toy bricks.
It took 41 people to create, but was only there for three days before being dismantled earlier this week.
Virginia Pope, who lives in the town, said: "It was absolutely fantastic for Rushden, it is just a shame it was not there for longer."
Image copyright Twitter/@NorthantsTST Image caption Lego fan, Sgt Tony Payne from Northamptonshire Police, posted his souvenir photo on Twitter
Pam Osborne and her late husband Jim opened the shop in 1955 and placed an order for Lego after seeing it at a trade fair while on honeymoon in Brighton in 1960.
Their son, Will Osborne, said events like this help to highlight what businesses like his have to offer.
"It's no secret the retail landscape is changing and you do your best to keep up, but it's difficult sometimes.
"Small, independent businesses have their own peculiarities and personalities which shine through and offer what the big chains can't.
"Running a toy shop is a joyful profession and I have no plans to retire yet."
Xiaomi's latest tranche of releases, which includes the transparent Mi 8 phone, also features the Mi Band 3, a one-up on the super popular Mi Band 2 that helped propel the company to the top of the wearables market. The new device comes with a bigger, higher resolution OLED screen, the same 20 days of battery life and a water resistance upgrade to 50 meters. The company claims it's a more comfortable wear, too. It's available in red, black and blue, and launches in China initially at 169 yuan, or about $26.
FG, ECOWAS partners to end herdsmen crisis
The Federal Government has joined ministers and experts of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to start a three-day summit to find solutions to the devastating farmers/herders conflict, which has killed thousands and displaced many others in West Africa.
The Minister of Interior, Abdulrahman Danbazzau, was represented by the permanent secretary of the ministry, M. B Umar at the opening session of the ECOWAS Ministers of Security and Agriculture/Animal Resources on Transhumance Security, held in Abuja on Tuesday. According to the minister, the region must adopt new approach to end the crisis.
“We are all, no doubts, aware of the colossal losses that the subregion has suffered as a result of the recent escalated clashes between these very important sectors of the subregion's economy. Nigeria, in particular has a very bitter experience of this bad development. This explains why Nigeria is in the forefront at finding a lasting solution to this unfortunate development,” he said.
The Minister, who blamed the exacerbated impact of climate change as one of the contributory factors to the conflict, said ” this has resulted into drought and thus increased animal movement towards pastures and water with grave implications for the delicate balance in the hitherto peaceful coexistence between farmers and herdsmen.”
The Minister suggested that as part of the measures to resolve the conflict, there should be a systematic control of livestock production to ensure appropriate management of animal movement. He also suggested a critical examination of the various regulations on movement of transhumance animal movement and small arms, which will be developed by the ECOWAS Commission.
The Minister also demanded that the subsisting national laws on animal movement control should be aligned with the provisions of ECOWAS Transhumance Regulation on documentation of animal movement within the region.
The ECOWAS Commissioner for Agriculture, Sekou Sangare, in his opening remarks, said that the traditional method of animal husbandry where herders move along with their cattle into farms is no longer suitable for the 21st Century and therefore should be reviewed.
President Muhammadu Buhari and President of the ECOWAS Commission, Jean Kassi Brou, will chair the closing session on Thursday.
The post FG, ECOWAS partners to end herdsmen crisis appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Forest Rangers respond to search and rescue incidents in the Adirondacks. Working with other state agencies, local emergency response organizations and volunteer search and rescue groups, Forest Rangers locate and extract lost, injured or distressed people from the Adirondack backcountry.
What follows is a report, prepared by DEC, of recent missions carried out by Forest Rangers in the Adirondacks.
Essex County
Town of Keene
Rescue: On Feb. 8, Forest Ranger Robbi Mecus encountered a rock and ice climber that fell 50 feet at Rhiannon Climbing Route near Chapel Pond in the town of Keene. The 47-year-old climber is a licensed guide who was instructing another climber when he slipped and fell. The client was able to assist the instructor to the trailhead, and Mecus administered first aid and transported the injured climber to a local hospital, where he was treated with non-life threatening injuries.
Town of Ticonderoga
Rescue: On Feb. 11, NY State Police requested Forest Rangers to support their dive team search for two missing Vermont snowmobilers that were presumed to have gone through the ice on Lake Champlain along the New York-Vermont state line near Ticonderoga. Vermont State Police used sonar to find the two snowmobiles submerged in New York waters. Three Rangers brought a DEC airboat to assist divers with the recovery on Sunday. By dusk, neither of the men were found. Operations were cancelled on Monday due to a severe winter storm but are planned to resume on Tuesday.
Town of North Elba
Rescue: On Feb. 12 at 12:18 p.m., Essex County 911 center transferred a cell phone call to DEC Ray Brook Dispatch from three lost hikers on Algonquin Mountain in the Eastern High Peaks region. Two separate cell phone location coordinates were obtained from Essex County, which placed the three hikers slightly southwest of the summit of Algonquin and northeast of the Lake Colden Trail. High winds and low visibility caused the hikers to lose the trail, and they found themselves in an unfamiliar area on the east side of the mountain. Four Forest Rangers began the hike to Algonquin while another maintained cell phone contact and provided a route for the three to self-rescue. The Lake Colden Outpost Caretaker was assigned to monitor the Algonquin Mountain Trail. At 3:38 p.m., the caretaker made voice contact with the three hikers and helped them to the Outpost, where they spent the night recuperating.
Franklin County
Town of Tupper Lake
Search: On Feb. 6, DEC Forest Rangers assisted NY State Police to locate two brothers, 63 and 67 years of age, from Blasdell who were reported missing after a night of snowmobiling. Cell phone records indicated the men's phones were last used the night of Saturday, Feb. 4. Eight Region 5 and seven Region 6 Rangers were dispatched to the scene. By 9 a.m., a NY State Police helicopter with two Ranger observers located both men deceased on Raquette Pond, several hundred yards west of the village of Tupper Lake. Region 6 Rangers brought their airboat, as did the state police and their dive team, and recovered the men, but severe cold and blowing snow made the operation long and dangerous.
Hamilton County
Town of Lake Pleasant
Rescue: On Feb. 9 at 3:54 pm, DEC Ray Brook Dispatch received a request for assistance from Hamilton County 911 for a snowmobile accident in the Jessup River Wild Forest. Two DEC Forest Rangers responded to Mason Lake Trailhead to assist Hamilton County Sheriff, Speculator Volunteer Fire Department, and Speculator Volunteer Ambulance Corps in the rescue of a 21-year-old male from Brooklyn. The rescuers traveled five miles on snowmobiles to reach the injured young man by 4:35 p.m. The snowmobiler had been traveling toward Mason Lake when he left the trail, traveled through some trees, and came to rest on the ice of Mason Lake Outlet. Basic first aid was administered and the young man was packaged for travel. Forest Rangers assisted in transporting him back to the trailhead, where he was transferred to a Piseco Ambulance vehicle. He was brought to a landing zone where he was transferred to a Life Net helicopter and flown to Albany Medical Center for further treatment of his injuries. The incident concluded at 7 p.m. The young man was subsequently ticketed for imprudent speed.
Washington County
Town of Fort Ann
On Jan. 31 at 6:03 pm, DEC's Ray Brook Dispatch received a call from Washington County 911 stating that there was a 16-year-old male who had not returned from his hike on the Lake George Land Conservancy's Schumann Preserve Trail off Pilot Knob Road. The subject became separated from the rest of his group during the hike. After an hour of waiting, the group called 911 for help. Three Forest Rangers responded to the trailhead parking area and began searching the immediate area. Another Ranger was driving to the trailhead when he located the subject walking down Route 9L. The Ranger picked up the subject and brought him back to the parking area where his group was waiting for him. All units were clear by 8:30 pm.
Warren County
Town of Johnsburg
On Feb. 4 at 3:14 pm, DEC's Ray Brook Dispatch received a call from Gore Mountain Ski Patrol requesting assistance for two skiers who got lost off the Black Mountain Brook run on the back side of the Chatiemack Trail. The two 16-year-old boys were able to send coordinates from their phones to DEC Dispatch. The subjects hunkered down behind a large log with food and proper clothing. Two Rangers responded and began hiking in while two additional Rangers staged at the trailhead. The Rangers were able to locate the subjects in good condition. The Rangers assisted the subjects back to the Gore Mountain Lodge. All units were clear by 7:18 pm.
Essex County
Town of Keene
On Feb. 4, at 3:11 pm, DEC's Ray Brook Dispatch received a call from the Adirondack Loj caretaker reporting that two women hiking with their dogs on Algonquin Mountain had lost the trail. Subjects encountered white-out conditions and could not find the trail off the summit back to Lake Colden. The hikers continued to walk downhill trying to find the trail. The two women had snowshoes but minimal equipment. Four Rangers with snowmobiles headed up the Indian Pass Trail toward Scott's Clearing. Four additional Rangers were requested and responded to the Loj. At 8:53 pm Ray Brook received a radio transmission from the Rangers stating they established voice contact with the subjects. Ray Brook received another transmission at 8:58 pm that they located both subjects in good health. The Rangers brought the subjects to Scott's Lean-to to rehydrate them. They were then assisted to the trailhead via Ranger snowmobiles. All units were out of the woods at 11:11 pm.
Be Prepared: Properly prepare and plan before entering the backcountry. Visit DEC's Hiking Safety webpage and Adirondack Trail Information webpage for more information about where you intend to travel. The Adirondack Almanack reports weekly Outdoor Conditions each Thursday afternoon.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
LONDON — British police declared a “major incident” early Wednesday after two people were left critically ill following their suspected exposure to an “unknown substance" just a few miles from the scene of a nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter.
Emergency officials found a man and a woman — both aged in their 40s — unconscious at a property in Amesbury, England, on Saturday.
“It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement. “However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident.”
Public Health England's @PHE_uk advice is currently: "Based upon the number of casualties affected, is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public. This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known." — Wiltshire Police (@wiltshirepolice) July 4, 2018
The force added that the pair "might have been exposed to an unknown substance."
Amesbury is seven miles from the town of Salisbury, where former double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with military-grade nerve agent Novichok in March. The British government pinned the attack on the Russian state.
A police officer stands outside Amesbury Baptist Church in Amesbury, Wiltshire. Rod Minchin / PA/AP
Police emphasized that it was unclear whether a crime had been committed in the latest case.
However, several locations frequented by the couple around Amesbury and Salisbury were cordoned off as a "precautionary measure." They included a Baptist church.
Amesbury is located around five miles from Stonehenge, the prehistoric monument visited by more than a million people annually.
Salisbury District Hospital, where the pair are receiving treatment and the Skripals were patients in the aftermath of the March attack, remained open as normal on Wednesday.
A Chicago woman involved in the beating of a mentally disabled man that was broadcast on Facebook Live pled guilty Friday to a hate crime and was sentenced to four years probation.
Brittany Covington, 19, entered her plea in a case that received national attention because it involved an 18-year-old disabled white man and four blacks who taunted him with profanities against white people and President Trump. Covington narrated the video of her and three others torturing the man.
The victim disappeared in January and his family said they received text messages from him claiming he was being held hostage. Jordan Hill, one of the four friends charged, picked the victim up at a McDonald's in Streamwood in a stolen van. Hill and the victim previously knew each other from high school, the Chicago Sun-Times reported. The two reportedly drove around for three days.
The video captured the four suspects taunting him and cutting his clothes after a “play fight” in Covington's sisters' apartment. The video showed a wound on top of the victim's head and him being pushed by one of the attackers. A neighbor threatened to call police, which resulted in the four suspects raiding her apartment and stealing her property, police said. The victim was able to escape during that time. Officers found the victim in torn clothing a block away from the apartment.
The videos sparked outrage including condemnation from then President Barack Obama who called the acts “despicable.”
Covington has been behind bars since January when the video, which she narrated, surfaced. Her three co-defendants remain in custody and their cases are pending.
In exchange for pleading guilty to committing a hate crime, aggravated battery and intimidation, prosecutors dropped a kidnapping charge and others.
The judge ordered Covington to not use social media for four years. She also must perform 200 hours of community service.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — JD Notae had 14 points, 10 rebounds and six assists as Jacksonville thumped Florida National 89-51 to stop a three-game losing skid on Saturday night.
Cody Helgeland had 18 points and Jalyn Hinton added 14 with nine rebounds as five Dolphins hit double figures. Corey Romich added 12 points and Tanner Rubio chipped in 10 for Jacksonville (4-7).
The Dolphins nailed 14 of 32 from deep while limiting Florida National to just 4 of 25 from beyond the arc. Jacksonville finished 30 of 64 (47 per cent) on field-goal attempts with the Conquistadors managing just 20-of-61 (33 per cent) shooting.
The Jaguars were up 40-32 at the break. They started the second half on a 16-2 run and went on to win the second half 49-19.
Quantavis Hall led Florida National with 13 points.
"At first when it happened to me I was very, and this is going to sound crazy, but you get cancer and you're kind of embarrassed," she told Page Six.
One of the many elements that contributed to Stranger Things being named our favorite television series of 2016 was the show's unique — and terrifying — otherworldly antagonist, the creature dubbed “The Demogorgon” by the series' core cast of young characters.
Visual effects studio Spectral Motion recently released a batch of new, behind-the-scenes photos and a creepy video depicting the creation of the Demogorgon, and it says a lot about the character that the creature is still scary even when we can see actor Mark Steger in the costume, or when it's just depicted in concept art.
More: ‘Stranger Things' season 2 is confirmed! Here's everything we know
Demogorgon Animatronic Head Test A movement test of the animatronic Demogorgon head from Stranger Things. Posted by Spectral Motion on Thursday, December 29, 2016
Spectral Motion posted the photos and videos to Facebook, and the video is particularly nightmare-inducing with its depiction of the way the Demogorgon's mechanical maw shivers open, revealing layers of sharp teeth. It also provides a nice look at the way the visual effects team was able to control the opening and closing of portions of the creature's mouth.
The photos that accompany the video depict Steger in costume, complete with stilts and green-screen suit that allows portions of the actor's body to be edited out of scenes. The photos also show where Steger's head is positioned inside the Demogorgon mask, and which portions of his upper face and head needed to be erased from scenes in order to complete the full, terrifying effect of seeing the creature open its mouth.
Although Steger's performance as the Demogorgon was supplemented by the occasional digitally created sequence, the video and photos offer a nice reminder of how much effort was put into using practical effects for Stranger Things — yet another way in which the series paid homage to the 1980s cinema that inspired it. (There are more photos posted on the studio's Facebook page, so make sure to check them out.)
The second season of Stranger Things is expected to arrive on Netflix at some point this summer, although no official release date has been announced.
Video
This writer thinks you could be guilty of digital blackface - see if her arguments change your emoji habits.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
LIMERICK City and County Council is to draw up a strategy ahead of the potential arrival of car-sharing to the city.
The local authority has confirmed it has been approached by a number of car-share companies in relation to the potential use of on-street spaces.
Further details of any potential scheme have not been disclosed and it's not known when any scheme could be up and running.
While any car-share scheme will be operated commercially by a private company, the use of on-street parking spaces would have to be approved by Limerick City and County Council.
There are currently car-sharing schemes operating in Dublin and in Cork with around 150 vehicles and 6,000 registered users.
The range of vehicles typically available to users includes smaller ‘city cars', electric cars and small vans.
Briefing members of the Travel and Transportation Strategic Policy Committee, senior executive engineer Vincent Murray said a strategy needs to be drawn up by the council given the approaches from car-share companies.
“There have been enquires, they are very interested in having stands in the city centre,” he said adding that locations near the University of Limerick and University Hospital Limerick are also being considered.
While it is open to any car-sharing company to operate from privately-owned locations such as multi-story car-parks, current parking by laws do not allow for the use of on-street locations without permission.
Because the council cannot be seen to favour any one private operator, it is likely that expressions of interest will be sought by the council as part of a public procurement process.
Instead of owning a car, members of any car-share scheme can book a car through a smartphone app when needed for an agreed fee.
The vehicle is then collected and returned to designated locations across the city.
While councillors have given a broad welcome to the proposals, some have expressed concerns that young people may be excluded given the high costs of insurance.
Mr Murray also clarified that any registered user who hires a share-car is liable for penalty points relating to speeding offences detected during the time they have hired the vehicle.
Will and Deb Binion speak passionately about their goal to give hope to families across the country. After losing their son Jordan in 2010, the Binions decided that they didn't want another family to suffer the heartbreak they had.
At 17, Jordan, known as Jordie, committed suicide. He had struggled with what at the time his parents thought was depression since he was 15, but had never been given a thorough psychiatric evaluation.
Jordan Binion The Binion family
His parents believe that he might have been suffering from schizophrenia.
Cynthia McFadden has more of this story Tuesday night on "NBC Nightly News With Lester Holt."
“We kept feeling like maybe had somebody come into Jordan's school and talked to him about what mental illness is and what it's not and had actually given him a sense of hope that there was effective treatment available to help him, maybe things would have turned out differently,” said Deb Binion.
The Binions created the Jordan Binion Project to provide resources to others about mental health — especially to high school students — and to work toward reducing the stigma surrounding related issues.
It began with an invitation from one of Jordan's former teachers. Will and Deb went back to his Seattle-area high school to share their family's story.
One of Jordan's former teachers, Karri Singsaas, said she invited Deb to come speak for several years, "mostly to get some tips on how I could teach differently, or how I could recognize students or be accepting of students more."
And Singsaas said she found that the students were so grateful to have the Binions talk "that they would stay after class to ask questions, and they would ask me to have other people in. And it just really has become powerful.”
The response was overwhelming. The Binions estimate that they have talked to 75,000 high school students in Washington State. They have saved bins of letter from the students who wrote expressing their gratitude, letters like this one:
"I have attempted suicide twice. I have bipolar disorder ... after hearing this presentation I may still struggle, but I now have hope."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Minors can refuse mental health treatment in some U.S. states 3:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The letters often described the difference that it made to have someone come to their school and actually talk about mental illness, said Deb Binion — how they viewed others with mental illness, how they felt about themselves if they had a mental illness. “And I've kept them because they really touch my heart," she said. "In fact, I cry every time I read them.”
But the Binions wanted to reach an even larger audience, and in their research they discovered a mental health literacy curriculum that was being taught in Canada. In 2016, the free lesson plan was introduced at Jordan's school and a few others — and now nearly 100 school districts in Washington State are using it, according to the state Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction.
“We basically went from educating the students to now educating the teachers,” explained Will Binion. “And it is so rewarding at the end of one of those trainings, of 30-plus teachers, for eight-hour periods, knowing that we have now empowered them to increase their mental health literacy.”
Eighty-four percent of the students who took the course improved their mental health knowledge, according to the Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. And the same study revealed that 66 percent of the students who took the course improved their responses to questions that related to stigmatizing attitudes about mental disorders.
“We just kept hearing over and over from so many kids ... how every student should hear this message, you know? Because it is so empowering and it's real,” said Will Binion.
Students at Jordan's old high school told NBC News that the course has helped remove the stigma of talking about mental illness and has increased their compassion toward kids who are struggling.
“It's immensely important,” said student Aubry Broderick, a senior. “Super-important that you just tell them what's going on, so hopefully they can help you, or you can help them. And so that they can get help later, or you can get help later in life.”
The Binions want to expand their program and say they've already received interest from other states.
“We're just getting started,” said Will Binion. “We're getting started here in the State of Washington, but we want this over the entire nation. We now have an evidence-based, adolescent mental health curriculum that can change the mental health of this nation. And that's huge.”
Tony Binion, Jordan's brother, took what he calls a first step to making a change by running for City Council in Enumclaw, Washington.
“I need to see a need for mental health services, on a small scale,” said Tony Binion. “Even from a town, from a small city, there's help [needed] out there for mental health services, and I want to be that champion.”
Tony wants to progress in politics and build relationships that he hopes will help families.
“One of the main ways you can is by getting involved,” said Tony Binion. “And now that I'm involved, doors are open for me to meet with legislators, to meet with my congressmen, and be heard.”
Asked why she has devoted herself to trying to help other families, Deb Binion said. “I wanted them to know that somebody cared. Somebody cared, and that they weren't alone. There was other people out there that were dealing with things that they're dealing with. “
And, Deb said, helping others has in fact helped her.
"It was really probably the biggest healing factor for me."
That's a sentiment that her husband and oldest son are living by as well.
An Orthodox Jewish woman who has been fighting for a religious divorce from her husband has finally gotten her wish. Gital Dodelson, 25, has been granted a “get” by her...
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Daniels, whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford, is suing to challenge the validity of a non-disclosure agreement about an alleged "intimate" relationship she says she signed in exchange for $130,000 in the fall of 2016, while Trump was running for president. The White House has denied the allegations against Trump.
Her suit says that Trump never signed the agreement, so he cannot now enforce it or the arbitration provisions in it. She asked the Los Angeles Superior Court to declare it unenforceable, allowing her to speak with impunity.
Trump and his personal attorney have removed the case to federal court, and have stated in those papers that Clifford is on the hook for at least $20 million for allegedly violating a secrecy agreement. They have not actually sued Clifford at this point; rather, that amount serves to satisfy the “amount in controversy” requirement of diversity jurisdiction.
Related: Stormy Daniels' lawyer says she was threatened with physical harm
There are a number of strategic reasons why defendants like Essential Consultants and Trump might want to remove this case. For example, California state courts require only a three-fourths majority of a jury for a verdict, compared to the unanimous verdict required by federal courts, which could effectively raise the burden for a plaintiff.
Sometimes, removal is just to take away the plaintiff's attorney's “home field” advantage by forcing her into a courthouse she did not originally choose.
But for Essential Consultants, Trump's attorney Michael Cohen and the president, this tactical removal has negative consequences as well. Because all of the defendants must consent to removal, Trump himself has finally participated in this case, acknowledging for the first time that he is the “David Dennison” in the nondisclosure agreement.
Removal is automatic. Once defendants remove a case to federal court, a state court loses power over the case.
Related: Stormy Daniels offers to pay back $130,000 for freedom to speak about Trump
Now that the defendants have successfully brought their case to federal court, what's their next move?
Strangely enough, their first order of business will be to try to get the case out of federal court. The defendants want this case in arbitration.
The rules of arbitration Essential Consultants, Cohen and Trump wrote into the nondisclosure agreement are, not surprisingly, very favorable to them. Returning this case to arbitration almost assures victory to the Trump team.
The odds are in their favor: California law, like federal law, favors enforcement of valid arbitration agreements.
On the other hand, if Clifford's very able counsel keeps this case in state or federal court and the defendants are forced into a court-monitored discovery process, the results could be cataclysmic.
Parties may discover anything that is nonprivileged and relevant about the other side, as long as it appears reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.
With very limited exceptions, every question at a deposition — if one is held — must be answered.
If Trump is made to sit for a deposition, he cannot refuse to answer a question just because he thinks it's irrelevant. Lest Trump thinks the oath to tell the truth at a deposition is merely ceremonial, it's important to note that same oath nearly ended another presidency.
President Bill Clinton was impeached in 1998 based upon perjury and obstruction of justice, but was not removed from office.
Danny Cevallos is an MSNBC legal analyst. Follow @CevallosLaw on Twitter.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Why it matters to you Advances in technology are changing the way we interact with our cars, and making mundane everyday tasks more convenient.
Jaguar has updated the XE sedan with two new engines, an additional trim level, and more tech features for the 2018 model year.
The XE's entry-level engine is a brand-new, all-aluminum 2.0-liter four-cylinder that uses a twin-scroll turbocharger to produce 247 horsepower and 269 pound-feet of torque. An automatic transmission and rear-wheel drive come standard, while all-wheel drive is available at an extra cost.
More: Jaguar could completely reinvent the F-Type by moving the engine
An enthusiast-oriented variant named XE S joins the lineup for 2018. It receives a supercharged 3.0-liter V6 borrowed from the F-Type and is tuned to generate 380 horsepower. Performance specifications haven't been announced yet, but the S is expected to comfortably out-sprint the other members of the XE lineup.
Also new for the next model year is a limited-edition model dubbed Portfolio. Billed as the most refined XE to date, it comes standard with a long list of equipment including heated rear seats, a hands-free trunk lid, power rear sunshades, a 10-inch touchscreen, a digital instrument cluster, as well as an 825-watt surround sound system with 17 speakers.
The list of available tech features now includes a 12.3-inch digital instrument cluster that's fully configurable, Forward Vehicle Guidance, Forward Traffic Detection, emergency braking, and a hands-free trunk lid. Most of the aforementioned features are found on the list of options.
Jaguar has teamed up with Shell to develop an innovative, cashless in-car payment system that makes filling up more convenient. After installing a purpose-designed application on their phone, motorists can select how much fuel they need using their car's touchscreen, and pay with either Paypal or Apple Pay.
As of writing, the in-car payment system is only available in the United Kingdom, but it will be rolled out globally before the end of the year. Android Pay compatibility will also arrive later this year, according to the British auto-maker.
The new entry-level engine lowers the XE's base price to $35,725 before a mandatory $925 destination charge is factored in. The XE S starts at $52,275, while the Portfolio model is priced at $56,910. The updates will help the XE get a bigger slice of the compact luxury sedan segment, which is currently dominated by the BMW 3 Series and the Mercedes-Benz C-Class.
The F-Pace SUV and the XF sedan benefit from many of the updates detailed above. Notably, base variants of both cars get the 247-horsepower turbo four, and they both gain a limited-edition Portfolio trim that includes a comprehensive list of standard features.
Pricing for the 2018 F-Pace and XF starts at $42,065 and $47,775, respectively. The 2018 Jaguar XE, XF, and F-Pace will arrive in showrooms in the coming months.
Prime Minister Theresa May has called for an early general election for June 8 to seek a strong mandate as she negotiates Britain's exit from the European Union.
In a shock announcement Tuesday, May said she would ask the House of Commons on Wednesday to back her election call.
She said that since Britons voted to leave the EU in June, the country had come together, but politicians had not.
She said the divisions risk undermining Britain's position in Brexit negotiations that lie ahead.
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, the prime minister can call an election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it. The leader of the main opposition Labour Party has previously said he would back such a call.
Image copyright PA Image caption The SNP is calling for more transparency about donations to political parties
Prime Minister Theresa May has been urged to investigate donations to the Scottish Conservatives amid claims they were trying to evade scrutiny.
The elections watchdog is investigating whether cash from the Scottish Unionist Association Trust complied with rules.
SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford claimed the Tories were "systematically shielding their donations" from view.
But Mrs May insisted that all donations to her party were "accepted and declared in accordance with the law".
A spokesman for the Scottish Tories said the party "always works closely with the Electoral Commission on the permissibility of donors".
An investigation by the Ferret website found that the Scottish Unionist Association Trust (SUAT) donated £318,876 to the party between April 2001 and February 2018.
Under Electoral Commission rules, groups which make political contributions of more than £25,000 have to register with the watchdog, and report any donations in excess of £7,500.
The SUAT is not listed as an "unincorporated association", and the Commission said it was investigating whether it had "complied with their reporting requirements as set out in law".
Image caption Ian Blackford urged Mrs May to investigate donations to the Scottish Conservatives
The issue was raised at the weekly session of questions to the prime minister by Mr Blackford. He highlighted money from the trust which was given to campaigns for MSP Jackson Carlaw and MPs David Duguid and Douglas Ross.
Mr Blackford said: "There is no information available about whom the people are who currently manage the trust, no public accounts indicate who its donors are, or what assets it holds.
"The BBC has revealed that the former vice chairman of the Conservative Party in Scotland, Richard Cook, was behind the DUP's £435,000 donation during the EU referendum and has a trail of involvement in illegal activity and foreign money.
"I'm giving the PM the chance to tell us what checks the Scottish Tory party had in place before accepting such large donations, and will she investigate the links between the party and the trust and promise to publish a list of all donations and donors?"
Mrs May replied: "All donations to the Scottish Conservative Party are accepted and declared in accordance with the law, and the Scottish Conservative Party works in accordance with the Electoral Commission to make sure that is all done properly."
Image caption David Duguid said he was "more focused on winning the election than where any donation was coming from".
The donations to Mr Duguid and Mr Ross were each of £7,500, and the group's individual donations to the Tories since 2001 have averaged just over £3,100.
The Ferret investigation said the funding was "legal", but raised questions about why so little information was in the public domain about the group.
Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme, Mr Duguid - who won the Banff and Buchan seat from the SNP in the 2017 election - said he "was more focused on winning the election than where any donation was coming from".
He said he "wouldn't call it dark money", insisting that the donations "went through the appropriate process and approvals".
A Scottish Conservative spokesman echoed the prime minister's words, saying: "The party has declared all donations from the Unionist Trust and always works closely with the Electoral Commission on the permissibility of donors."
Maloof brothers behind $880,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather
The Maloof brothers are the bettors behind the $880,000 wager placed on Floyd Mayweather Jr. for his fight with Conor McGregor on Aug. 26, the brothers revealed.
The photo from a printed $880,000 betting slip circulated on social media a few days ago, leaving behind many questions about its legitimacy and who had placed the bet. The slip also had an incorrect payout figure that was due to a computer glitch.
The brothers (Joe, Gavin and Phil), who formerly owned the Sacramento Kings and Palms hotel in Las Vegas, put $880,000 down on Mayweather at the South Point sports book, as LV Sports Biz first reported. They stand to profit $160,000 if they win and say they will donate the proceeds to charity.
Gavin told the Review-Journal why they felt comfortable placing the wager.
“I live down the street from Floyd and I've known him for a lot of years. He's a good friend of mine,” Gavin Maloof told the Review-Journal. “Conor McGregor's great and all the respect in the world to Dana White and the UFC. But it's very difficult to transplant an MMA fighter to boxing.”
Many sports books are pleased to have money come in on Mayweather. There were so many McGregor fans who flooded the books that the odds went down, leaving the books hoping for a Mayweather win to avoid losing.
An air ambulance landed in The Paddock, in Grantham, on Saturday afternoon, after receiving reports that a patient was unconscious and not breathing.
The patient fell ill while at the Conduit Tea Garden, in Conduit Lane, and was taken by ambulance to the ambucopter, which was unable to land closer to the scene.
A spokesman for the East Midlands Air Ambulance told the Journal: “We sent a paramedic in a car, two ambulances and the Derbyshire, Leicestershire and Rutland Air Ambulance. One patient was taken to Lincoln County Hospital for further care.”
The call went through to the control room just before 1.30pm.
This photograph was taken by Marion Ellis, who lives in St Catherine's Road, opposite The Paddock.
She said: “The sound of an air ambulance coming in to land on Saturday was incredibly loud. It stayed an hour possibly, and an ambulance eventually came on to the field to it from Avenue Road.”
The patient's condition is not known.
Hillsboro High School celebrated senior night prior to the tip-off of their game against the visiting Chillicothe Cavaliers. Injured senior Marshall Ward was in the starting lineup for the Indians and after recovering the jump ball, stepped out of bounds and checked out of the game to a standing ovation from the pro Indian crowd.
The Cavaliers cruised to an easy 67-38 win to secure the outright Frontier Athletic Conference title.
Hillsboro came out ready in the first quarter as they put up 12 points and only trailed Chillicothe by four at 16-12 after the first.
The second quarter saw the Cavaliers turn up the defensive intensity as they held the Indians to eight points and forced several turnovers that turned into points on the other end. The Cavaliers took a commanding 35-20 lead into halftime.
In the third quarter the Indians were able to muster double digits as they scored 10 points in the frame. However, the Cavaliers continued their strong play offensively as they put up 15 in the quarter and extended their lead to 50-30 as the teams prepared for the fourth quarter.
Chillicothe put any thought that the Indians had of coming back in the fourth quarter to rest early. On back to back plays Chillicothe's Brandon Maughmer stole the ball from Hillsboro's Mason Swayne, the first play of the sequence saw Maughmer throw down a powerful jam to the delight of the Chillicothe fans in attendance.
Hillsboro scored eight points in the final frame as Chillicothe pulled away for the 67-38 victory.
Senior Phillip MyCroft led the Indians in scoring with 11 points. S. Roderick led the way for the Cavaliers with 25 points.
Hillsboro head coach Bruce Miles said that the difference in the game was the second quarter. “In the second quarter it just didn't fall our way. There was an eight minute stretch that we didn't score and then there was kind of an avalance of turnovers towards the end of the second quarter which really gave them a lot of momentum,” said Miles.
Hillsboro will be back in action Saturday at home when they take on the Paint Valley Bearcats. Hillsboro's Athletic Hall of Fame will be inducting the 2018 class during the break between the JV and Varsity games.
(Box Score)
CHS: 16-19-15-17
HHS: 12-8-10-8
Chillicothe: B. Maughmer 4-1/2-9; Beard (2)-6; Jordan 1-2; W. Roderick 1-2; J. Maughmer 1(2)-1/2-9; J. Roderick 12-1/2-25; Benson 1-3/4-5; Lawson 1-1/1-3; Harris 1-2; Noel 2-4
Totals: 24(4)-7/9-67
Hillsboro: Swayne 1(1)-5; Scott 1-1/2-3; Haines 1(1)-5; Watson 1-2; Simmons 1/2-1; Clark 1-2; MyCroft 5-1/4-11; Crawford 4-1/1-9
Totals: 14(2)-4/9-38
Reach Ryan Applegate at 937-402-2572, or on Twitter @RCApplegate89.
Hayden Haines attempts a layup over a Chillicothe defender in the fourth quarter of the Cavaliers 67-38 win at Hillsboro High School on Friday. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/02/web1_Hayden-Haines-Layup.jpg Hayden Haines attempts a layup over a Chillicothe defender in the fourth quarter of the Cavaliers 67-38 win at Hillsboro High School on Friday. Ryan Applegate | The Times-Gazette
Cavaliers clinch FAC title with win
Alien life may be thriving in a warm underground ocean on Saturn's icy moon Enceladus, research suggests.
Scientists say tidal forces could have kept the sea liquid for billions of years, enough for organisms to have developed.
This year NASA spacecraft Cassini found the first evidence of chemical reactions deep below the frozen crust, suggesting an environment capable of supporting life.
The French study is based on a computer model using Cassini's observations, which showed Enceladus has an ocean that is salty and has organic molecules. The research was published in Nature Astronomy.
Planetary scientist Dr. Gael Choblet and colleagues explored the possibility this additional heating comes from the effect of tidal forces acting on the highly porous core.
He said: “What we show is hydrothermal processes probably provide means to have efficient interactions between rocks and hot water in a large volume deep within the moon.”
“What had been shown earlier is hydrothermal processes were very likely occurring right now within Enceladus. What we show in our study is the context of this activity.”
“We also suggest this activity is relatively stable – for at least tens of millions of years.”
Choblet added the life expectancy of the ocean and – perhaps more importantly – how long the hydrothermal activity has been occurring would be key to the emergence of microbes and other organisms.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Our district needs to follow in the steps of SDCCD in caring for those under Our district needs to follow in the steps of SDCCD in caring for those under DACA
With the fear of Donald Trump's administration undoing Barack Obama's executive order on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, undocumented students are looking to their college's administration for help.
Approximately 94.9 miles south of Riverside City College, the San Diego Community College District Board of Trustees passed a resolution to reaffirm its support of its students, so far the Riverside Community College District Board of Trustees does not have a similar resolution.
The resolution that SDCCD passed affirms the district's support for its diverse student population, including those who may lack legal authorization to be in this country; commits to not cooperating with any federal effort aimed at creating a registry of individuals based religion, national origin, race, or sexual orientation; precludes immigration officials from being on campus absent legal authority; and pledges to avoid acting on behalf of federal agencies enforcing immigration laws, according to the SDCCD website.
Both the Riverside and Norco presidents signed an open letter, along with other college and university presidents urging Trump to uphold DACA.
The RCCD Chancellor Michael Burke also issued a statement shortly after the election.
“I want to reassure everyone in the RCCD that the values of this district remain unchanged, Burke said in an email sent to all of RCCD on Nov. 10.
“We remain a welcoming and supportive place for all … we remain committed to our employees and students regardless of their religious affiliation, their gender, their ethnicity, or their immigration status.”
While the District's three college presidents and some administrations have expressed support for undocumented students and others who may feel marginalized, they should pressure our BOT members to pass a resolution similar to the one in San Diego.
DACA, is a immigration policy that provides two-year administrative relief from deportation and a work permit, subject to renewal for those who meet the specific qualifications, according to UC Berkeley.
Originally established by former President Barack Obama, this policy is targeted to those who were brought to this country as minors through no fault of their own.
President Donald Trump has said conflicting comments regarding DACA, first saying during his campaign that he would repeal it, but has softened his stance since.
In a recent interview with Time magazine Nov. 28, Trump said, “We're going to work something out that's gonna make people happy and proud.
“They got brought here at a very young age, they've worked here, they've gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they're in never-never land because they don't know what's going to happen.”
This leads people in the program with confusion and fears of what this might mean for their future.
For the undocumented students in RCC, this would mean some students who already have their educational path established would be in fear of deportation.
Students who are already pursuing their dreams schools to find careers they are passionate in are having the rug ripped out from under them.
Our college should do something to ease those fears. Passing a resolution would be a good step toward that.
We also feel as though getting rid of DACA would create a deficit in the benefits given by those in the program who have a higher education and jobs.
The people that receive DACA are benefitting our country by contributing to every sector while also increasing earnings and employment rates, according to the Center for American Progress.
Those with DACA feel a part of the country by having access to driver license and state identification cards.
Taking away DACA would not only take away the social inclusiveness of the recipients, but it would take away the careers that these people have worked hard for.
Center for American Progress estimates that the cumulative U.S. gross domestic product would be diminished by $433.4 billion dollars over the next 10 years, which would have a traumatic effect on our economy.
It's not fair for those who have done nothing but be law-abiding citizens and provide an economic boost for our country to have their careers and jobs be taken away at the hands of Donald Trump's administration.
The RCCD Board of Trustees should pass a resolution to protect the students who have worked hard and contributed to the community and colleges within the district.
Viewpoints' editorials represent the majority opinion of and are written by the Viewpoints' student editorial board.
WICHITA, Kan. — Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before he was found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the “point of no return” was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit his head while taking a bath and “had no pulse” before being revived, The Wichita Eagle reported.
The person making the report said Evan and his mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would “take life from them” before “bringing them back.” His mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and his mother and strangling the boy until he became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a “critical incident,” it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
“If they don't do the right thing there,” Keech said, “it seals his doom. They never recovered from that point on.”
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between his mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of his son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that he was OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of her DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Her analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. She also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
“This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking,” Keech said. “This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency.”
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokeswoman and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, “you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan.”
DCF spokeswoman Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
“Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged,” she said in an email.
——
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
Sweet niblets, there was a VERY special Hannah Montana reunion this weekend.
The reunion happened at Jason Earles' WEDDING. Yes, Jackson, Miley's brother on the Disney Channel series, got hitched!
I only came for the cake 🎂😜😘 A post shared by Katie Drysen (@ktacd247) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:45am PDT
Earles and Katie Drysen wed over the weekend at the Garland Hotel in LA and some former co-stars were on hand for celebrations.
But it wasn't just a Hannah Montana reunion… it was also a DCOM Dadnapped reunion!
Emily Osment, who played Lily in HM and Melissa in Dadnapped posed with co-stars Moises Arias (Rico/Andre), Phill Lewis (Maurice) and George Newbern (Neal).
Casual Dadnapped reunion! Happy wedding day @realdukeofearles, we love you! A post shared by Emily Osment (@emilyosment) on Aug 12, 2017 at 8:02pm PDT
Phill even posted a side-by-side with this shocking throwback!
The most notable change? Moises! He's definitely grown up.
stunner A post shared by Emily Osment (@emilyosment) on Aug 12, 2017 at 8:08pm PDT
Noticeable missing was Miley Cyrus herself, who was scheduled to appear at the Teen Choice Awards to accept the Ultimate Choice Award but skipped out because her “schedule simply wouldn't allow it.”
Check out Jason and Katie's sweet highlight video below:
Tonya Jameson held at gunpoint by off-duty cop as she picks up new SUV
Knoxville Police are looking into an officer's actions after a Charlotte woman said the off-duty officer pulled a gun on her as she changed a license plate on her newly purchased SUV Tonya Jameson, 45, is a former Charlotte Observer reporter and columnist
Image copyright Iwan Lewis / llanellionline.news Image caption The infestation has plagued residents in the New Dock area of Llanelli
A mysterious fly infestation has left residents of a Carmarthenshire town scratching their heads.
Llanelli has recently seen swarms of the insects descend on the town, much to the confusion of the county council.
One resident said on Twitter: "Okay... seriously... these flies need to do one now!!! Doing my head right in!!!"
Carmarthenshire council said it was working "around the clock" to try and establish the source of the flies and environmental officers are on the case.
Llanelli town councillor Sean Rees, of Glanymor ward, said he had received a number of messages from residents and "something needs to be done" about the problem.
GUATEMALA CITY: Five people were killed and seven injured by a magnitude 6.9 earthquake that struck Wednesday in western Guatemala near the border with Mexico, Guatemala's national emergency coordination agency reported.
The fatalities included a woman in the city of San Marcos who was killed by a falling wall and a homeless man in the town of San Sebastian Retalhueleu who was struck by the collapse of part of a church. Both locales were close to the epicenter.
Three women in different departments, or states, died from heart attacks attributed to fright caused by the pre-dawn quake.
Authorities reported moderate damage to homes, some landslides that blocked highways and at least seven people hurt.
“We greatly mourn the loss of lives,” President Jimmy Morales said.
The US Geological Survey reported the earthquake was centered 8 kilometers (5 miles) southwest of Tajumulco, Guatemala, at a depth of about 111 kilometers (69 miles).
The emergency coordination agency said the quake struck at 1:29 a.m. local time (3:29 EDT) and was felt throughout the country.
Authorities reported power was knocked out in several departments.
San Marcos, which is home to about 25,000 people, lies 20 kilometers (13 miles) from the epicenter.
The mountainous region is sparsely populated with communities scattered around the base of the dormant Tajumulco volcano. Most residents are small-scale farmers or run small businesses.
Officials said classes in the area would be canceled Wednesday to allow school buildings to be inspected.
The earthquake also rattled the Guatemalan capital, waking residents but without causing damage there.
Across the border in Mexico, Gov. Manuel Velasco of the southern state of Chiapas said via Twitter that there were reports of cracked walls and shattered windows in Huixtla, but so far no injuries. Local Civil Protection authorities said the quake was felt throughout the state.
There was no tsunami warning.
You'll want to keep some Dettol in your run bag after this. – By K. Aleisha Fetters
Runners can claim to be pretty healthy overall, but they certainly can't boast about being the cleanest. You know it's true because we all blow our noses on shirtsleeves when out on a run and sometimes rock seven toenails after tough outings (and brag about them).
Still, when you take a look inside the average runner's gym bag, you can't help but get the heebie-jeebies. Check out this list of the five germiest items a runner owns, and then stock up on anti-bacterial everything.
Running Shoes
It's obvious – to everyone within nose shot – that the inside of your sneakers are gross. Hot, sweaty, and with minimal ventilation, running shoes are a germ's dream. Luckily, since your foot is the only thing going inside it, the risk of picking up infections is pretty minimal. Still, it's not a bad idea to wear anti-microbial socks, especially if you have a history of toenail fungus, athlete's foot, or warts. At the very least, anti-microbial socks can make the stench slightly less nauseating for your running buddies when you peel them off after a run.
Still, the inside of your shoe is nothing compared to your soles, according to one University of Arizona experiment that found the outsides of shoes contain more than 140 times as many bacteria as the insides. Even if you spend your runs on pavement or well-established trails, it's likely that the soles of your shoes are going to come into contact with bodily secretions, including animal (and, sorry to break this to you) human fecal matter, says Philip Tierno, director of clinical microbiology and immunology at New York University's Langone Medical Centre.
That's why you should leave it at the door. In the experiment, more than 90 percent of bacteria on shoes – including E. coli and Klebsiella pneumonia – transfer onto tile flooring when worn inside. Tierno recommends slipping your shoes off and either spraying the soles with a germicide or putting them in some sort of container that will keep them from rubbing against and infecting your other belongings. And, whatever you do, don't touch your shoes and then eat a protein bar.
Cell Phone
Even if you aren't a runner, your phone is disgusting. But then you add tons of sweat and trips into race-day porta-potties to the mix, and you're cranking up the dial on the dirty for your phone, explains runner Ella Martin, a pathologist and member of the Microbiology Committee of the College of American Pathologists.
In an investigation by The Wall Street Journal, scientists found that phones were consistently covered with microorganisms that could result in the flu, pinkeye, and diarrhea. And that sweaty armband you put your phone in? It's pulling in all those germs as well. (And when's the last time you washed that armband?)
While you don't have to go crazy cleaning your phone in a germaphobic panic, it's a good idea to clean it regularly, Martin says. Try running the bristles of a dry toothbrush along the phone's crevices to remove buildup and giving the phone's surface a quick rubdown with an antibacterial wipe. (Note: Don't spray any cleaners on your phone that have alcohol or ammonia! Find a mobile cleaning spray that uses a microfibre cloth instead.)
Sweaty Exercise Clothes
Not getting those exercise clothes off ASAP after your workouts can cause more than backne and yeast infections (although those are bad enough). When fitrated.com took bacterial samples from 27 common pieces of workout equipment at large fitness chains around the country, it found a breeding ground that could move directly to you.
Take the treadmill as an example. It was covered in 79 times more bacteria than a public restroom water faucet. Even worse, free weights were covered in 362 times more bacteria than a toilet seat – and roughly 70 percent of the bacteria were potentially harmful.
When you take your workouts indoors, pushing buttons on the treadmill, wiping your hands on your pants, and using your sleeves to wipe sweat off of your face, those germs spread all over you and your clothes. Next time you head to the gym, use those disinfecting wipes on everything, not just your cardio machine. And when you get home, put yourself in the shower and your sweaty threads in the wash. The sooner you wash them, the less any germs present will be able to multiply, says Tierno, explaining that when your workout clothes hang out in the hamper for days and weeks on end, bacteria is able to feast on all of the dead skin cells that you sloughed off during your workout. (Here is how to take the stink out of those sweaty workout clothes.)
Water Bottle
How often do you wash your water bottle? When treadmillreviews.com had athletes use water bottles for a week without washing, many of them came back with several times more bacteria – and right on the mouthpiece – than a pet's food or water dish.
“Wherever germs have a moist environment, they are going to thrive,” Martin says. “Our own mouth flora is getting on the mouthpiece and marinating there.” Funnily enough, Martin admits to being just as guilty as the next person of not washing her water bottle every day. “I'm more concerned about sharing my water bottle with someone else than ingesting my own germs.”
To keep from drinking anything but your own mouth germs, try to avoid touching the mouthpiece directly with your hands. For cleanliness, get two (or more) water bottles, she says. That way, you'll always have a newly cleaned one at your disposal after washing the other one.
Earbuds
Can't run without music? The more often you use your earbuds, the greater your chances of an ear infection, according to one study from Indian researchers. It found that, by increasing the temperature and humidity of the ear canal as well as causing small skin abrasions within the ear, earbuds create the perfect introduction for microorganisms to enter the body. Plus, think about it, where are your earbuds right now? Crumpled up in the bottom of a sweaty gym bag, perhaps?
You could use an anti-microbial wipe or clean off those earbuds with a paper towel using just about any cleaner. Don't drench the device as you don't want extra moisture to get inside and cause them to go on the fritz. Also, for earbuds that have silicone tips, you can take them off and clean then separately.
So, obviously earbuds aren't for sharing. And if the germs don't gross you out, the earwax they are covered in should.
“People born in the 80s and 90s are at double the risk for developing cancer of the colon and four times the risk for developing cancer of the rectum compared to people born decades earlier like the 40s and 50s,” said Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer for the American Cancer Society.
“We're actually seeing colorectal cancer developing in people in their teens, which is something that was extraordinarily rare in the past, and it's all too common today,” Wender told NBC News.
One of those younger colorectal cancer patients is Lari Johnston of Chicago, who's now 50. She was diagnosed with colorectal cancer when she was just 47. It had already spread — something common in younger patients who have little reason to suspect they may have cancer.
Hers was caught by a gynecologist who recommended fecal tests for all her patients over 40.
“I owe my life right now to my gynecologist for giving me that exam,” Johnston told NBC News.
“If not for that fecal occult test, I think I would be dead by now, because by the time I would have been symptomatic it would have spread too far.”
Even so, it was a terrifying diagnosis. “I feared I wouldn't even see my kids graduate from high school,” she said.
“They don't give me a prognosis and I don't want one. It's stage 4. It's a terminal illness, but who knows what's around the corner.”
Lari Johnston, 50, was diagnosed with colorectal cancer at age 47. The American Cancer Society says people should start getting colon cancer screening at age 45 instead of age 50. Courtesy Lari Johnston
Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in Americans, according to the American Cancer Society. Colon cancer will be diagnosed in more than 95,000 people this year and nearly 40,000 will be diagnosed with rectal cancer.
The two cancers will kill more than 50,000 people this year.
Current guidelines call for people to start getting some kind of cancer screening at age 50. After consulting with experts on just how early to recommend regular screening, the ACS settled on age 45 for people at average risk, which is most Americans.
“That really is the big change in the guideline,” Wender said.
“If you have a family history or if you have inflammatory bowel disease, you're at higher risk and you need to start earlier. These guidelines don't apply to you. But for 80 percent of us — we're at average risk and the screening age is now 45.”
Any younger might mean a lot of testing with little benefit, said Dr. Daniel Labow, Chief of the Surgical Oncology Division at Mount Sinai Health System in New York.
“The problem is, you'll be doing a lot of tests that are unnecessary,” said Labow, who was not involved in drawing up the new recommendations. “We have to balance the risk and benefit.”
TONIGHT: Clouds will gradually increase overnight as temperatures fall near 50 degrees, with a light wind out of the north. We will remain dry through the night.
EXTENDED: Two rounds of rainfall look possible this week, as upper level systems track through the region both Wednesday and Thursday night. Skies will be mostly cloudy Wednesday and it will be cooler with highs in the lower 60s and a chance of light showers. The best chance of rain Wednesday will be in areas west of HWY 63 and south of I-70 with the highest rainfall amounts up to a tenth inch near I-44. Thursday will start off dry with some sunshine and high temperatures reaching close to 70. A cold front moving through Thursday night will bring another chance of showers by mid-evening and overnight, ending by Friday morning. Friday will be cooler with high temperatures near 65. Trends continue to show one of the nicest weekends we've seen in quite some time, with highs in the low to mid 70s Saturday and climbing into the upper 70s for Sunday. Stay tuned to ABC 17 for the latest forecast and updates.
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Kara McKinney, 5, and Grace McKinney, 8, are thought to be travelling in a campervan with their father
Police have appealed for information to help trace two young sisters reported missing in Perthshire.
It is thought Kara McKinney, 5, and Grace McKinney, 8, were travelling with their father Michael in a campervan.
They were last seen in the Alyth area and are known to go camping with their father in the West coast area, Fort William and Skye.
A spokesman for Police Scotland said officers were eager to confirm their well-being.
He added: "Grace and Kara are thought to be travelling with their father Michael McKinney, his girlfriend Martina and Woody, aged 3. They are travelling in a cream Eldis Autoquest Motorhome H36 PBO.
"If you have any information which may assist police in tracing Grace and Kara please contact Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 3165 11/08/17 or approach any Police Scotland officer."
Grace is described as 4ft 10ins, slim with red/auburn hair and Kara is 4ft with red/auburn hair.
Video
Specialist teams are testing to ensure that any residual nerve agent used in the attack against former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia is chemically cleaned, or removed and safely destroyed.
Work began near the bench in the Maltings shopping centre where they were found on 4 March.
Battery life SIG Kilo2000 How long are your batteries lasting in your SIG range finder? Mine seems to be short. I received the rangefinder as a gift for Christmas. Using it during the winter the battery dropped from full to 3/4. I guessed this was due to the cold. Last week I decided to replace the battery before bear season started. After about 5-6 range readings it worked great. Then I tried getting readings on my steel target at 1100 yards and the battery dropped to 3/4. It seems fast to me but I am curious as to how long your batteries are lasting? Thanks
You might remember our intermittent coverage of Android Automotive — not to be confused with the near-identically named Android Auto. The (really) short version is that Android Automotive is a full Android implementation in a car, rather than just a dumb projection of your phone. And, according to the folks at XDA, Google might be building an emulator for it in the Android SDK.
Google has been rather quiet on the subject of Android Automotive, but we think it's an exciting idea overall, as it could significantly expand the things your next car might do. Hopefully, this means we'll have more to hear on the subject soon. Apart from this spring's news about Volvo and Audi, we haven't heard too much.
This isn't the only SDK emulation news we've heard recently, either. Google is also apparently putting together a Chrome OS emulator for the SDK.
According to XDA, two new AOSP commits have revealed the upcoming Android Automotive emulator. One discusses a new tag for Android Automotive emulator image folders, and another commit mentions "oc car-m1 emulator images." Between the two, it certainly sounds like someone's working on bringing Android Automotive emulation to the SDK.
If it's true, it means that someday developers may be able to target the platform without having to spend $30k+ on a car that uses it. I'll still take one, though.
Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner admits his side were well beaten by Manchester United in a 2-0 defeat at Old Trafford.
MATCH REPORT: Manchester United 2-0 Huddersfield
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
The new White House travel ban is going to look a lot like the last one, a top policy adviser for the Trump administration revealed.
“Fundamentally you're going to have the same basic policy outcome for the country,” Stephen Miller told Fox News on Tuesday night, saying the new executive order will mirror the one halted by courts.
“These are mostly minor technical differences,” he added.
The last ban temporarily prevented travel of immigrants and refugees from seven majority-Muslim countries to the United States. It was halted when a Seattle judge slapped a temporary restraining order on the executive order, and the restraining order was upheld by a higher court, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
“One of the big differences that you're going to see in the executive order is that is going to be responsive to the judicial ruling, which didn't exist previously,” Miller said.
A panel of appeals courts judges attacked the claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism, and ruled that the prohibition did not enhance national security.
But Miller continued to sound that argument: “We've got a serious problem in our country of terrorism, radicalization and serious problems of people joining ISIS, joining terror groups, joining al Qaeda and committing or attempting to commit acts of crime and terror against our nation.”
He said the new executive order will be coming “very soon.”
Labour is promising to settle the "vast majority" of the outstanding cases of alleged anti-Semitism within the party by the end of July.
Jeremy Corbyn said dealing with complaints swiftly and fairly was a top priority for the new general secretary.
The Labour leader met members of the Jewish Leadership Council and the Board of Deputies of British Jews on Tuesday.
They said the talks were a "disappointing, missed opportunity" and did not agree a minimum plan of action.
Mr Corbyn has apologised for anti-Semitism in his party and said he is "absolutely committed" to rooting it out.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "There were no actions to go with the words," said Jonathan Arkush from the Board of Deputies of British Jews
Sources close to the Labour leadership say Mr Corbyn agreed to speed up disciplinary procedures, but not to fixed timescales which might leave the party open to legal challenge.
Image copyright PA Image caption Mr Corbyn says he is "absolutely committed" to rooting out anti-Semitism
Labour has been dogged by a series of incidents including criticism last month of Mr Corbyn's comments on an allegedly anti-Semitic mural in 2012 and the party's suspension of former London Mayor Ken Livingstone over his claim that Adolf Hitler had supported Zionism in the 1930s.
The Labour leader has been accused of not taking the issue seriously enough by Jewish groups and some of his own MPs, who took part in a protest in Parliament Square last month.
On Thursday last week, MPs shared their own experiences of anti-Semitic threats in the House of Commons.
Analysis
By Iain Watson, BBC political correspondent
Accusations that anti-Semitism wasn't being taken seriously enough by Labour are proving politically toxic in two ways.
First, they undermine Labour's "brand" - a party that stands for equal rights and anti-racism.
And secondly, the effort to detoxify the issue has arguably diverted the party's leadership from the forthcoming local election contests.
So it would have been helpful if the Jewish groups had suggested that progress had been made since their demonstration in Parliament Square, which some of Jeremy Corbyn's own MPs joined a month ago.
While they did welcome Mr Corbyn's words on anti-Semitism - and his denunciation of those who said the problem had been invented or exaggerated - their verdict on action, or lack of it, means that the issue remains a potent force in the hands of the Labour leader's internal and external opponents.
Perhaps the most positive interpretation is that there was a disagreement over detail and not a fundamental division in outlook.
That's certainly how sources close to the Labour leadership would like it to be seen.
The Jewish Leadership Council and Board of Deputies wrote to Mr Corbyn following last month's demonstration to suggest "areas of action".
Image copyright PA Image caption Members of the Board of Deputies said Mr Corbyn's proposals fell short of their suggestions
After meeting for more than two hours, the organisations said in a statement: "We are disappointed that Mr Corbyn's proposals fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested.
"Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough. We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge him and the Labour Party."
They said the following suggested points of action were rejected:
A fixed timetable to deal with anti-Semitism cases
Expedite the long-standing cases involving Mr Livingstone and suspended party activist Jackie Walker
No MP should share a platform with somebody expelled or suspended for anti-Semitism
Adopt in full the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of anti-Semitism
Transparent oversight of the disciplinary process
The Jewish leaders also say that Mr Corbyn has been slow to act on the recommendations of a 2016 report by Labour peer Shami Chakrabarti, which called for action to address what it said was the "occasionally toxic atmosphere" in the party, but it has yet to be implemented in full.
According to the MP Louise Ellman, who is president of the Jewish Labour Movement, there is a backlog of around 80 serious complaints of anti-Semitism.
It is understood Mr Livingstone's case is among those which will be dealt with by July.
But the Jewish groups accused Mr Corbyn of hiding behind process after they were told he had no power personally to expel Mr Livingstone.
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watches his three-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of Game 1 of a baseball National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Mark J. Terrill AP Photo
Video
You may have seen red boxes dotted labelled "Dry riser" around high-rise buildings and not given them a second thought.
But, as Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service explains, they help firefighters quickly get water into buildings more than 18m (59ft) high.
The latest bit of shameless hypocrisy from Sen. Chuck Schumer is an attempt to blame rising gasoline prices on President Trump's decision to pull out of the Iran deal.
Remember, that's the deal that Schumer voted against.
Hypocrisy from Schumer in and of itself wouldn't be new or newsworthy. The latest from the Senate minority leader, though, is a window into the coming campaign.
Take it as a warning. The Democrats will wilt away on foreign policy, even if only for political advantage at home, and, bereft of pro-growth ideas, will use government to strong-arm the markets.
It's what they do. On gas prices, Schumer roped in three other Senate Democrats, Maria Cantwell of Washington, Ed Markey of Massachusetts and Bob Menendez of New Jersey.
These Four Horsemen of Hypocrisy showed up just before the Memorial Day weekend at a gas station. Schumer opened by blaming Trump's “reckless decision to pull out of the Iran deal.”
That, he suggested, has led to higher gasoline prices. Then he launched into one of the Democrats' patented diatribes against corporations and rich people.
Menendez, ex-chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, chimed in about geopolitical instability and the Trump administration's “chaotic approach.” As did Cantwell and Markey.
As for the alleged chaos, none of them laid even a particle of responsibility at the feet of the Iranian ayatollahs. Trump may be America First. The Democrats are Blame America First.
The idea of blaming rising oil prices on Trump's pullout from the Iran deal is undermined by a letter the four senators sent May 23 to Trump himself. It doesn't even mention Iran.
It does note that oil prices had been trending upward — 75 percent in the past year — since long before Trump this month announced the end of the Democrats' policy of Iran appeasement.
The Democrats' letter asked Trump personally to plead with the Saudi crown prince and to send Energy Secretary Rick Perry to whinge to OPEC. They want to launch litigation at the World Trade Organization.
And regulate our economy more. Columnist Ira Stoll, who edits the Web site FutureOfCapitalism.com, is particularly devastating on the hypocrisy of the regulatory angle. The Democrats, Stoll notes, are widely resisting not only increased offshore drilling but also new pipelines here in America.
And, in the case of Cantwell and Markey, it gets even more ridiculous. Both have introduced legislation whose very purpose was, as Stoll puts it, “to raise the price of fossil fuel energy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and combat climate change.”
Cantwell's contraption would involve the government selling permits for the importing or use of fossil fuel. That would drive up energy costs. She would redistribute the lucre to non-rich Americans.
Markey was a backer in 2009 of what became known as the Waxman-Markey Energy and Security Act, which would have set government prices on the “right” to burn oil, coal or natural gas. The Wall Street Journal warned it could be the “biggest tax in American history.”
It went nowhere.
Which brings us back to the current campaign. The Schumer-Menendez-Markey-Cantwell complaints show nothing so much as that the Democrats are running on an empty policy tank.
They're going to go into the fall campaign with an energy policy that consists of more regulation, less drilling and sending Rick Perry, whom Democrats once mocked, to talk to our suppliers.
The Republicans will be running on the fact that — as Stephen Moore pointed out this week in The Post — by the end of June we could be up to an average growth rate of 3 percent: Boom territory.
Trump has already started taking this to the voters. He did so at a rally this week in Tennessee, where after introducing his guests he launched right into the numbers. New jobs created since the election are now at 3.3 million, he boasted; unemployment (it's below 4 percent) is at the lowest level since the turn of the century.
Minority unemployment is at record lows. And, he said, the forgotten men and women are no longer forgotten. How is Schumer going to be able to blame that on pulling out of the Iran deal?
Lipsky@nysun.com
Adnan Januzaj's arrival on loan from Manchester United last summer was seen as something of a transfer coup at the time.
It wasn't the first time Sunderland had tried to land the Belgian playmaker.
The previous summer, back when Dick Advocaat was in charge at the Stadium of Light, Sunderland held talks over a potential loan deal but it never materialised.
Januzaj finally arrived on Wearside 12-months later.
But to say the 22-year-old has been a disappointment would be a major understatement. With just one goal to his name in the League Cup and a handful of assists, Januzaj has failed to deliver for Sunderland over the course of 25 appearances.
There is no doubting his technique but he lacks speed and his slight physique makes it easier for opposing defenders to brush him off the ball.
Januzaj isn't in the team to win 50/50 tackles but some supporters have also questioned his commitment to the cause – something he fiercely disputed when he spoke recently about how much he cares about Sunderland's plight.
His poor form has seen him benched recently in big games against Leicester City and West Ham United, with Wahbi Khazri finally welcomed in from the cold for the draw with the Hammers.
And that's the crux of the issue for a lot of supporters. Why have Januzaj and Fabio Borini – who has been equally disappointing even if he did miss more than three months through injury – been given chance after chance by David Moyes, while Khazri was left to kick his heels on the bench.
The Tunisian winger had a point to prove against West Ham and he did so in spectacular fashion.
His goal direct from a corner aside, Khazri was the best player on the pitch showing a real drive, determination and willingness to make things happen for the full game.
He doesn't always get it right but Sunderland have missed his spark.
Moyes has spoken about the reasons why Khazri hasn't been involved more. Workrate was never an issue. No, Khazri hadn't been involved more initially because he returned from pre-season short of match fitness, while the manager also had concerns over his ball retention and lack of end product.
Januzaj hasn't scored in the Premier League all season. Khazri managed it on his first start in six months.
Point proved. Januzaj would do well to win his place back this season.
Both playmakers will almost certainly leave Wearside this summer, Januzaj after his loan spell ends and Khazri no doubt on to pastures new.
With Sunderland fans left to ponder what could have been had Januzaj matched up to his potential and Khazri been given a chance.
Fresh reports suggest Januzaj will be shown the door by Manchester United this summer, with Jose Mourinho unconvinced by him.
Januzaj is seemingly determined to remain in the Premier League and make a fist of proving his top flight worth.
But potential suitors won't be queuing at the door given his performances for Sunderland this season.
Queen Victoria unexpectedly met the man of her late-life dreams at her Golden Jubilee, in 1887. She was long widowed after Prince Albert's death in 1861 and bored out of...
OTTAWA — Finance Minister Bill Morneau says the federal government still has no intention of imposing a Netflix tax because it would result in a financial hit for middle-class Canadians.
Morneau's remarks about the online streaming giant come a couple of days after Heritage Minister Melanie Joly insisted she never agreed to exempt Netflix from any sales tax as part of a deal that has been a political nightmare in her home province of Quebec.
Pressed about the issue on Friday, Joly said anyone with concerns about the lack of federal taxes on online streaming services should talk to Morneau because he's in charge of taxation.
Joly unveiled a cultural policy in September that secured a $500-million pledge by Netflix to set up a Canadian office and fund original homegrown content — but the plan did not include taxes on the company's service.
The ensuing weeks have seen the provincial government in Quebec vow to tax foreign online businesses, including Netflix, if Ottawa didn't do so.
The issue has sparked outrage from artists and producers in Quebec's cultural industry who have described it as an unfair subsidy.
Morneau insisted Sunday that Ottawa has no intention of changing its promise not to tax Netflix, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau himself has repeatedly and categorically ruled out a Netflix tax.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said Sunday that he plans to raise the issue with Morneau when federal, provincial and territorial finance ministers meet for two days of talks in Ottawa.
(AP Photo/Axel Heimken, File). FILE - In this Jan. 12, 2010, file photo, an AOL logo is seen in the company's office in Hamburg, Germany. AOL announced on Oct. 6, 2017, that it will discontinue its once-popular Instant Messenger platform on Dec. 15
NEW YORK (AP) - AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. AOL says it's shutting down the program because its focus is "on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
Users can still use the program until Dec. 15. After that date, users won't be able to sign in.
AOL Instant Messenger was wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s and claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001. Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
QUITO, Ecuador — Sitting in his wheelchair on a brightly lit stage, Ecuadorean President Lenin Moreno launched into a sermon about why no political leader should be allowed to remain in office for years on end.
“No one should think they are the owner of power,” said Moreno, who was clad in a black leather jacket.
Hundreds of cheering supporters waved the Andean nation's flag and sung along to a campaign tune urging voters to pass a referendum Sunday that would prohibit leaders from being re-elected more than once.
The jubilant scene Wednesday stood in stark contrast to the welcome the nation's three-time former President Rafael Correa received hours earlier when protesters hurled eggs and dirty plates at his silver SUV.
The upcoming referendum has brought the one-time allies to a head as Moreno becomes Latin America's new political star and Correa finds his legacy on increasingly shaky ground. Long expected to follow Correa's political lead, Moreno has instead charted his own path and led a referendum drive that could bar his former mentor from running for president again.
Polls indicate the referendum is widely expected to win approval, a victory that would consolidate Moreno's mandate.
“In Latin America you never know that someone is going to be out of power forever,” said Carlos de la Torre, a professor at the University of Kentucky. “Politics could change and Correa could come back. But at least in the short run, he is in deep trouble.”
The referendum comes as several countries throughout the region are grappling with the issue of elections and term limits for leaders who have already spent years in office and are seeking re-election.
In Bolivia, a court recently paved the way for President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term despite a voter referendum rejecting his right to seek another mandate. In Venezuela, President Nicolas Maduro is running for office in an election that opposition leaders consider illegitimate. And in Honduras, President Juan Orlando Hernandez was recently sworn in for a second term after a Supreme Court ruling allowed him to go around a provision barring presidents from pursuing re-election.
“There is a huge regional struggle right now over how long leaders should stay in power and about democracy in general,” said Brian Winter, vice-president of the regional group Council of the Americas.
The small Andean nation has been ruled over the last decade by Correa, a strongman who won the loyalty of millions of poor Ecuadoreans with generous health and social programs. Though credited by many with helping deliver the nation's stability, he has also been decried by foes for reforms that consolidated executive power and silenced his critics.
Correa campaigned alongside Moreno in a presidential election last year, praising his chosen successor as the leader best fit to ensure the “21st century socialism” that he implemented remains intact. But in the eight months since Moreno's victory, the two have had a bitter falling out. Moreno has courted conservative business leaders and sought to make amends with groups Correa shunned. He has even accused Correa of planting a hidden video camera in his office in order to spy on him remotely.
Meanwhile, Correa, who had moved to his wife's native Belgium, has returned to rally against the man he now calls a “traitor.”
“We are going to say no to this crooked referendum,” he told supporters recently.
Analysts believe Correa still has the loyalty of about 25 per cent of Ecuadorean voters, but the once-commanding influence he exerted over the nation's politics is now in question. His former vice-president, Jorge Glas, was recently sentenced to six years in jail for accepting bribes from Brazilian construction giant Odebrecht. Correa has defected from the leftist ruling party he founded that is now under Moreno's leadership, vowing to start his own party with two dozen leaders who joined him.
Sunday's referendum includes seven questions, including one that would bar politicians from more than one re-election to the same post and another that would give Moreno authority over the Citizens' Participation Council. The council is filled with Correa acolytes who determine who gets to lead some of the nation's most important institutions.
Moreno, a paraplegic since being shot in 1998, is enjoying a near 70 per cent approval rating and has succeeded in building bridges between the ideological right and left where none existed before. If the referendum passes Sunday, it would send a strong statement that Ecuadorean voters approve of Moreno's consensus-building mandate and are ready to move past Correa.
“His legacy is under question by his own party,” de la Torre said of Correa. “We are seeing a sort of perestroika led by Lenin.”
Many voters like Bolivar Ante, an office messenger who voted for Moreno's conservative opponent, were initially skeptical, but now say they strongly approve of the country's head of state.
“He's an open, democratic president,” Ante said.
Still, Moreno faces numerous challenges: Ecuador's economy, which uses the U.S. dollar, has lost its competitive edge to neighbouring countries with local currencies. Economists project the nation's economy will grow only slightly in 2018 and the private sector is pushing Moreno to make tough fiscal decisions, like raising taxes.
Even with a diminished influence, Correa is also still likely to cast a shadow over Moreno's presidency.
“Moreno has to strike a really careful balance between forging his own path and alienating the base of support that he inherited from Correa,” Winter said. “I think so far, he's done a remarkable job.”
—
Christine Armario reported from Bogota, Colombia.
A Georgia pastor is going on a hunger strike to raise awareness on the suicide epidemic and it's connection to religion.
Jomo K. Johnson, pastor and co-founder of Black Lives Matter Savannah, began his hunger strike on June 6, the one year anniversary of the death of Kalief Browder, a teen who spent nearly three years in solitary confinement and later committed suicide.
Drinking only water for a minimum of 30 days, Johnson will post an update and encouraging message on Facebook each night. He says he will end the hunger strike when he feels enough awareness has been raised or his body forces him to yield.
“We want to give more attention to mental health—especially those coming out of prison and [the] LGBTQ community. I believed this was a method to talk about death on a regular basis,” said Johnson.
Kalief Browder spent three years in jail without ever having been convicted of a crime. Zach Gross / Spike TV/TWC
According to the American Association of Suicidology, 2,023 black men died from suicide in 2015, and Johnson says that number is on the rise. The organization also reports that in 2014 suicide among male Black youth ages 10-19 was nearly three times higher than that of female Black youth ages 10-19. The organization includes homelessness, social isolation, and substance abuse in a list of factors that put Blacks at risk of suicide.
Johnson helped co-found the BLM group in 2016 following the shooting deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile to educate citizens and speak out in social injustices taking place in Savannah. Through vigils and community meetings, the group has been working to shed light on policing reform and mental health issues within the Black community.
His hunger strike also comes nearly a month after the death of Ferguson protester Edward Crawford, who also allegedly committed suicide. Johnson says that activists are “bearing a double burden” and if one doesn't talk about their own struggle while trying to help others it can lead them to make a drastic decision such as suicide.
“It's hard enough to care for the movement when it's hard enough to care for ourselves. Often times those who are the greatest activists are those who are the greatest persecuted,” Johnson said. “We still have to worry about how we're going to take care of ourselves, how we're going to put food on the table, and deal with things that have been done to us but yet we're trying to move a movement forward.”
Related: Jay-Z Hits Sundance With Docu-Series on Kalief Browder Tragedy
Browder's death hits close to home for Johnson, as he also has battled depression and attempted suicide. He connects suicide and religion in his book, “Conversations With Jesus Before and After Suicide," where he makes the argument that the religious belief that suicide is a sin is false, calling it “absolutely wrong” for one to say that those who committed suicide — like 8-year-old Gabriel Taye — have sinned.
“There's no place in scripture where it condemns the taking of one's life. The taking of one's life is an unfortunate consequence of us living in a world that is broken,” Johnson said. “I think it's important for the church to recognize that what they've been teaching is not true and they need to acknowledge that and try to adjust so that people won't be hurt by these wrongful teachings.”
Jomo K. Johnson, pastor and co-founder of Black Lives Matter Savannah. Jomo K. Johnson
Johnson says American churches don't fully understand mental illnesses and most want to “either heal it instantly or say it's from the devil.”
But in order for healing to begin, Johnson feels that suffering from mental illness must be accepted.
“Some people will suffer from mental illness for the rest of their lives, some people will suffer from suicidal thoughts for the rest of their lives. But that doesn't make them different, it makes them human,” Johnson said. “We need to embrace those who are suffering from it, allow them to verbalize their pain, their struggle - and then ultimately seek to encourage and connect with those who are suffering so that they know they have someone they can talk to.”
Related: Death of Ferguson Protester Edward Crawford Highlights Struggle to Live Free
Johnson went through deep depression in 2016 and even prayed asking God to take his life. He says he thinks about suicide everyday, but that grace and faith in God gives him the strength to keep going. He hopes his hunger strike will not only bring awareness but empower people to listen.
“If someone tells you they're suffering from suicidal thoughts or depression, give them your phone number. There are so many people that just need to be heard and want people to listen to them. If we can be a listening ear, we can prevent many of these suicides that are going on in the world.”
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Stars we lost in 2017 The Hollywood greats the world said goodbye to in 2017
2017: The year in Mariah Mariah Carey's life was such a rollercoaster in 2017 that it could have served as a sequel to her "Fantasy" video.
The top shows, stars and theater scandals of 2017 With a nod to Oscar Hammerstein II: Bette at the Shubert Bruce Springsteen on Broadway Garth Drabinsky starts yelling and Mandy says “No way” Michael Moore dances and even sings...
Ed Sheeran and Katy Perry delivered the crappiest songs of 2017 It was the year that Taylor Swift killed Taylor Swift, Jay-Z apologized to Beyoncé, and Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee had much of the country asking what “Despacito” means (it...
The good, bad, and just plain embarrassing of TV in 2017 The big story this year was that streaming television gave premium cable a run for its money in its ability to attract top talent and tell gripping stories with global...
From 'Star Wars' to 'The Emoji Movie,' the year's best and worst films How to explain the oddball year that was 2017 in movies? It was my favorite in recent memory and featured a slew of terrific releases long before fall's awards-season glut....
The highs and lows of pop culture in 2017 What a tumultuous year 2017 was: bitter betrayals, tabloid-worthy drama, heated competition. And that was just inside the White House. The pop-culture world was equally engaging, with the usual...
Get inspired by these celebrity beach bodies These stars showed off their beach bodies in 2017.
The many men who fell from grace in 2017 All the men whose bad behavior got them in trouble over the last 365 days.
3:27pm
Traffic accident on Highway 101 at Clancy, just north of Lincoln City. Watch for emergency vehicles.
Rooftop lounge opens in historic Beekman Tower A 26th-floor rooftop lounge, Ophelia, has opened in the historic Beekman Tower from Merchants Hospitality and Public Agenda. The 100-seat lounge at 1st Avenue and 49th Street comes with soaring...
Model tours downtown Beekman Residences rental Angola-born, New York-based top model Maria Borges has been house hunting downtown, where she toured a 45th-floor rental at the Beekman Residences in the Financial District. The fashionable 1,624-square-foot unit...
Gotham's royal hotel rumble: The Beekman vs. the Four Seasons Two brand-new hotels with condominium components — the Beekman and nearby Four Seasons — are adding a dose of glamour to lower Manhattan. Here's a glance at what make these stylish...
The new rise of Manhattan's Financial District GFI Development's Steven Hurwitz has a simple metric for measuring the emergence of Manhattan's Financial District as a residential neighborhood: The speed of foot traffic. People walking briskly down the...
Keith McNally's 28-year-old daughter Sophie joins the family restaurant business The one piece of advice famed restaurateur Keith McNally has for his 28-year-old daughter, Sophie? “Never listen to the boss,” says McNally, 63. Perhaps easier said than done when you're...
There are thousands of apps for Apple Watch. The tiny snag is that most of them aren't much cop.
Why? Well some misunderstand how a wearable is best used, and demand you spend far too long with your wrist in front of your face; others misfire on ergonomics or usability.
Others briefly impress, but that's not good enough for us. We want apps that are clever and well-designed but also that we return to on a regular basis.
That, then, is what this list is all about: the best Apple Watch apps we're actively using.
Dee Ann Andretti, the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports, has died. She was 76.
Andretti died Tuesday, a few weeks after suffering a heart attack. Grandson Marco Andretti announced her death on social media , posting: “RIP Grammy Andretti. You will be missed.” The IndyCar Series later confirmed her death.
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while she was teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth, Pennsylvania. They were married a few months later, in November 1961.
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while her husband became one of the world's most successful race car drivers.
She is survived by her husband, sons Michael and Jeff, daughter Barbie Dee and seven grandchildren.
——
More AP auto racing: https://racing.ap.org
HOUSTON - An apparent road rage incident in northwest Houston was caught on camera.
The 40-second video appears to show a red SUV and a white pickup truck being driven erratically. The man who took the video said the incident happened Saturday night.
Brian Tran said he was driving home from work around 6:15 p.m. when he saw the red SUV cut off the truck while leaving a nearby store parking lot on West Road.
"The red SUV swerved around it, and crossed over, like, two to three lanes, crossing onto West Road. So, initially, I thought the car was just being impatient," Tran said. "And then, not even one minute later, the white truck speeds up, and that's when I started recording the video."
The video shows what Tran said happened on West Road just before Ella Boulevard. The SUV and truck appear to have swerved in between lanes, with both drivers. Both pressing the brake pedal multiple times.
"They were just trying to hit each other, basically," Tran said. "It was crazy. They obviously were trying to brake check each other, and at one point, when they go to face off, somebody tried to get out of the back of the red car."
No one got out, but the video shows the red SUV continue to follow closely behind and eventually makes a U-turn. Tran said it happened right in front of Thomas E. Gray Elementary School.
"Everybody's just trying to own the road themselves, basically," Tran said. "I thought that red car was going to flip over or something."
Cynthia Cisneros is the parent of an 8-year-old girl who goes to the elementary school.
"Even on Saturdays, they have math school here, so it's, like, 'Why are you in a rush? Is that really important to be swerving around or hit another car and risk your life and somebody else's life?'" Cisneros said.
"Hopefully, they didn't fight and realized they were doing something stupid and headed home because at the end of the day, you're probably never going to see that person ever again," Tran said.
The Harris County Sheriff's Office has been notified about the video and is looking into exactly what happened.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Where to find the Jersey Shore's sun and fun (without the sleaze) You should know about Long Branch, NJ. It's far from notoriously car-clogged Route 27 leading to the Hamptons, and worlds apart from Seaside Heights' seedy carnival atmosphere farther down the...
Volleyball legend takes all the blame for Olympic shocker RIO DE JANEIRO — If Kerri Walsh Jennings winds up with a fourth medal in Olympic beach volleyball, it will be bronze — not gold, like the other three she...
Kerri Walsh Jennings keeps adding to impossible legacy When you are already part of “the greatest beach volleyball team of all time,” it's pretty difficult to author a suitable encore. Kerri Walsh Jennings appears to be doing just...
NBC is all about the women these Olympics During the first half of the Olympics, women have dominated the screen on NBC in the evening. Through Saturday night, 58.5 percent of the competition time on NBC's prime-time telecasts...
Kerri Walsh Jennings has rare scare on the beach Americans Kerri Walsh Jennings and April Ross have finished the Olympic group stage unbeaten, but not before losing their first set of the Summer Games. The U.S. women beat Switzerland...
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 Police spokeswoman gives details on suspected home invasion homicide Pause 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained 1:07 Jason Aldean's "The Only Way I Know" Live in Macon 0:56 Jason Aldean's opening song during hometown benefit concert 0:33 Cowboy boots for Jason Aldean "because we're country" 0:26 Free on bond, Whitby defers comment to lawyer 1:35 Fried green tomato potato chip could win man $1 million 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When She Says Baby" in Macon 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Cliffard Whitby, leaving federal court in Macon on Friday, August 11, 2017, deferred comment to his lawyer. Joe Kovac Jr. The Telegraph
Cliffard Whitby, leaving federal court in Macon on Friday, August 11, 2017, deferred comment to his lawyer. Joe Kovac Jr. The Telegraph
Jets linebacker Darron Lee was still reeling on Monday from what he describes as a bar beatdown he endured over the weekend in his home state of Ohio.
The team's 2016 first-round draft pick streamed on Periscope, sporting a fresh bruise under his right eye — an archived version of the video has since been deleted from Twitter — to describe the moment an anonymous man allegedly jumped him as he was attempting to leave a Columbus bar Saturday night.
“Midway from the exit of the bar, I get hit and tackled simultaneously,” Lee said in the video. “Have no idea who it was. I wasn't in an argument with anybody. I hadn't said a word to anybody. Just leaving the bar to go home, and I get punched and tackled. I have no idea by whom. To this very moment I have no idea by whom. Don't care.”
The 22-year-old Ohio State alum said he was on his way to catch an Uber home when the violent stranger took him by surprise, hitting him repeatedly. Lee said he sent no return-punches, only pleas of, “I didn't hit you, I didn't hit you.”
It wasn't until bouncers and police intervened, he said, helping Lee outside and away from his assailant, that the fists stopped flying. Lee did not suffer any severe injuries and credited the police in a tweet — later deleted — for “sparing a young man's life tonight.”
The speedy college standout finished his rookie NFL season with 73 tackles and one sack in 13 games (nine started).
The Football Association has confirmed it is seeking information from both Manchester clubs following a reported incident in the Old Trafford tunnel after Sunday's derby.
Players and officials from both clubs are said to have been involved, but referee Michael Oliver did not witness the incident and has not filed a report.
This bust-up in the tunnel at Old Trafford today. It wasn't handbags: Mikel Arteta was left with blood pouring down face. Bottles as well as punches thrown. Romelu Lukaku prominently involved, according to witnesses. — Daniel Taylor (@DTguardian) December 10, 2017
Manchester City ultimately edged their rivals United 2-1 courtesy of goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi, stretching their lead at the top the Premier League to 11 points.
It also meant Pep Guardiola's side became the first to win 14 consecutive top-flight games in a single season.
How Todd Gurley overcame Jeff Fisher to rule the fantasy world As soon as Todd Gurley burst onto the NFL stage in 2015, he was a fantasy dynamo — with blockbuster outings in his first four games as a full-time backfield...
The time is near for this potential fantasy football stud Consider it a gift from the football gods. A force of nature acting in the best interest of fantasy owners. An example of how “the ball don't lie.” Better players...
Trades may be a only way to save your fantasy football season People who play fantasy sports aren't heartless. We see terrible injuries, like the broken ankle Odell Beckham Jr. suffered Sunday against the Chargers, and we understand that is a real...
ArDarius Stewart gets to see his mentor again -- on other sideline OAKLAND, Calif. — ArDarius Stewart knows what it will feel like to score his first NFL touchdown because he sort of already did. The rookie Jets wide receiver reached the...
The remarkable comeback of Aaron Rodgers' longtime running mate With all the backstories, developments and injuries in a given week in the NFL, it is tough to know what to look for Sunday: Here are five things to watch:...
Why it's time to put your faith in this fantasy football mirage Some mysteries are unsolvable. The second shooter, Area 51, the alpha predator of the deep ocean, the Dolphins' insistence on using the run game rather than exploiting a weak pass Ravens...
How far Odell Beckham is willing to go to get scoop on Jets' DBs There are teammates, former teammates and those who share a position, and Odell Beckham Jr. used every means available to him this past week to get some inside information about...
Darrelle Revis' elite days are 'pretty much over': Cowboys great One former Pro Bowl safety thinks Revis Island is becoming a preferred vacation spot. ESPN analyst and former Cowboys great Darren Woodson took some shots at Jets star Darrelle Revis...
Why Raiders matchup is such a crucial test for Bowles' Jets OAKLAND, Calif. — When Jets defensive coordinator Kacy Rodgers clicked on a film of the Raiders' 37-29 victory over the Chargers last week, he realized these weren't the laughable Raiders...
Gene Taylor was introduced Monday morning as the new Athletic Director at Kansas State University. He was introduced by the President of Kansas State University Richard Myers during a news conference in the Steel and Pipe Team Theatre inside the Vanier Family Football Complex.
“One of the reasons we had such a diverse pool is because the state of K-State Athletics is solid,” Myers said. “We are on solid financial footing. We have competitive teams. We have great facilities. So, we have to tip our hat to John Currie, our departing athletic director, who was here when a lot of these improvements were made. So, thank you John. We also have to thank Laird Veatch, who then stepped into the breach as the interim athletic director and got us through the end of our basketball season, the NCAA Tournament, the start of baseball and so many other things that Laird had to do day-in and day-out. We thank you and your family for your commitment and all the great work that you have done here and hopefully continue to do here at Kansas State University.
Taylor, who was hired at Iowa in 2014 following a successful 13-year career as the director of athletics at NDSU, says he's ready to usher in a championship culture at K-State.
“I am really excited to be here,” Taylor said. “This is a phenomenal institution with a phenomenal athletics program and proud tradition. The fact that I have been selected as the next athletic director really means a lot. I understand what it means to stand in front of you to be your director of athletics. I understand the expectations. I understand what you guys expect out of your leader. I will certainly do everything I can to uphold your values and the values of this institution and the values of this athletics program. You are here to win Big 12 Championships. You are here to qualify for NCAA Championships. I am going to do everything I can to support that. We as a team are going to do everything we can to support that. I can hardly wait to get started.”
Taylor will begin work at the university on May 1st.
Image copyright AFP
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer Elizabeth Ohene considers why bodies are not buried for months, sometimes years, in Ghana.
This past week there was another one of those typically Ghanaian funeral stories in the news.
The body of a chief who had died six years ago was still in the morgue as the family bickered over who should be designated as the "chief mourner".
I was, as is usual with me, outraged.
But the story did not attract much attention because we regularly leave dead bodies in the morgue for long periods to sort out the disputes that erupt after every death in this country.
Our elaborate, expensive funerals and over-the-top dramatically carved caskets are well documented.
In spite of the keen interest I have taken in trying to work out how funerals came to have such a hold on our society, there are some things that I still cannot understand after all these years.
Fantasy coffins
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ghanaians are well known for their elaborate coffins
See more:
I have to keep on trying to find explanations.
Take the role of the "family" in funerals for example.
According to our custom and tradition, which has been upheld by the law courts, once someone dies, the body belongs to the family.
You would think you know what and who constitute family, but once there is a death, the definition of family changes completely.
A spouse and children suddenly do not qualify as family once there is a death.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Dance and song are part of funerals in Ghana
It is only the family, referring to the extended family into which you are born, that decides on whom the chief mourner is and all the other titles that come with a death.
This "family" and this chief mourner might not have seen or spoken for the past 30 years with the dearly departed, but they are deemed to know more about the dead person than the spouse and the children.
There then follows the interminable meetings which are presided over by this "family", where the word of the spouse and children can be ignored.
It then takes weeks to draw up an obituary notice and it is an intricate business getting the list of the mourners in the right order.
More on Ghana and funerals:
So the next time you see an obituary notice in a Ghanaian newspaper, you better be appreciative of the amount of work that went into drawing it up to ensure no offence has been caused and family feuds have not been started or old ones rekindled.
The choice of the chief mourner is critical because he is not only in charge of the funeral, he, and it is always a, never a, has the ultimate word on who succeeds the deceased.
All this while the body has to be kept in the fridge as there will be disputes about when and where to bury the dead person.
Not surprising therefore that we often end up in court with injunctions preventing anybody from moving the dead bodies.
Sometimes the delay has nothing to do with disputes.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Customized coffins are popular in Ghana
We take seriously the idea of giving the dead a befitting burial.
We refurbish the house in which the dearly departed lived and died or sometimes a new house has to be built to be able to stage a spectacular funeral.
That takes time.
If you want certain important personalities to be at the funeral, then a suitable date that would accommodate various diaries will have to be negotiated.
And that takes time.
This weekend, I was at the funeral of a famous industrialist and politician, Nana Akenten Appiah-Menka.
His funeral brochure is a 226-page glossy production of photographs and tributes covering his lifetime of 84 years.
That takes time to compile.
Elizabeth Ohene:
Image copyright Elizabeth Ohene
"My mother died at the age of 90 and we buried her after three weeks and this was and is still regarded in our village as sacrilege"
As I have been trying to find answers to the Ghanaian funeral phenomenon this past week, my thoughts went to a programme I presented on the BBC about refrigerators some three years ago.
I now think I should have had a segment in that programme about some of the unintended consequences of the invention of refrigeration, which had otherwise been such a blessing to humanity.
Before mortuaries became popular in this country, we buried our dead within two to three days and then set a date for the final funeral rites.
Now the regular period in which a dead body is kept in the mortuary before being buried ranges from three to six months.
Ten months to a year is not unheard of.
When you try to bury someone within a period that is regarded as "too early", you are certain to invoke outrage.
I know this from sad experience.
My mother died at the age of 90 and we buried her after three weeks and this was and is still regarded in our village as sacrilege and lack of respect to our beloved mother.
I am blaming the Ghanaian funeral madness on refrigeration.
Without fridges, we would not be able to keep bodies for the ludicrously long periods we currently do.
More Letters from Africa
Follow us on Twitter @BBCAfrica, on Facebook at BBC Africa or on Instagram at bbcafrica
Mike Francesa says he is coming home.
A day after The Post's Andrew Marchand reported that a desperate Francesa was trying to work his way back to WFAN, the broadcasting legend confirmed his intentions to Newsday.
“It is time to return to WFAN,” Francesa told the paper.
It remains unclear what exactly what that role will be, though Francesa referenced “a project” he's been working on with his agency, CAA. The Post reported Monday that even with CAA's help he had been unable to find a match with ESPN Radio and WOR, and had missed talking New York sports more than he thought he would when he left WFAN in December.
Francesa said that his decision to return to the WFAN airwaves, though, ultimately came down to a mystery group trying to keep him off of them.
“This is for those who started this campaign in recent days. I didn't decide to go back to WFAN until I was told I better not go back,” Francesa told the paper. “For those behind it, that was the moment I decided to return.
“I have been working on a project with CAA for months. That will be explained in the days ahead.”
Francesa and former “Mike and the Mad Dog” partner Chris Russo recently feuded with hosts at WFAN after the duo mocked the low ratings for Francesa's replacements. Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott took over the afternoon slot, but were beaten by ESPN Radio's “Michael Kay Show” in the first ratings book. A source told Marchand that Carlin, Gray and Scott have two-year contracts and are not expected to be let go by WFAN.
Carlin appeared to respond on Twitter this morning in a pair of posts.
“How's everybody's day going so far?”
“My phone just melted.”
Morning hosts Boomer Esiason and Gregg Giannotti took exception and railed back against a “classless” Francesa and Russo during an on-air talk with WFAN boss Mark Chernoff. Esiason and Francesa have long feuded since the former Jets quarterback took over the morning spot alongside Craig Carton.
Francesa's contractual obligations to WFAN ended on April 1 and he has been free for several weeks to divulge his next media job.
With ESPN, Francesa has tried to entice the New York affiliate to take his Sunday morning NFL show and put it on its airwaves this fall, according to sources. ESPN would not consider putting Francesa in place of Kay's show. It is unclear how a partnership with WOR, which does have the Mets' games, would work. WOR currently has Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity on in the afternoons.
And that leaves one place for him to talk New York sports.
SEATTLE & AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(NASDAQ: AMZN)—Starting today, Prime member savings are expanding to an additional 121 Whole Foods Market stores across 12 states – including northern California, Colorado and Texas – plus all Whole Foods Market 365 stores nationwide. Prime members will receive an additional 10 percent off sale items, typically hundreds of products throughout the store, plus exclusive weekly deep discounts on select popular items. Visit amazon.com/primesavings for a map of areas where this benefit is available and to learn more.
“Exclusive deals like the sustainably-caught halibut were a huge hit in Florida, and we're excited to partner with our suppliers to bring Prime members even more discounts on seasonal favorites and everyday staples.” Tweet this
This week, Prime members in these new locations can enjoy exclusive offers on many popular products, including:
Organic raspberries, $2.50 per 6 oz. container
Responsibly Farmed tail-on white shrimp, 2 lb. bag (31-40 ct. per lb.) for $12.99, save $5
Antibiotic-free rotisserie chicken, $6 each (one-day sale, May 30)
Back to Nature crackers and cookies, 2 for $5
40 percent off all probiotic supplements (weekend sale, June 1 – June 3)
Plus an additional 10 percent off hundreds of sale items throughout the store
“From delicious dinner options like shrimp or rotisserie chicken to fresh organic raspberries, we're offering savings on products customers love and can enjoy with their families,” said A.C. Gallo, President and Chief Operating Officer at Whole Foods Market. “Exclusive deals like the sustainably-caught halibut were a huge hit in Florida, and we're excited to partner with our suppliers to bring Prime members even more discounts on seasonal favorites and everyday staples.”
These savings are currently available at Whole Foods Market stores in Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Kansas, Kansas City, Missouri, Louisiana, New Mexico, northern Nevada, northern California, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah and at Whole Foods Market 365 stores nationwide. Prime member deals will be prominently featured in store. Customers can also go to the Whole Foods Market app to learn about many of the best offers.
Customers also receive these exclusive Prime member savings when they have their groceries delivered from Whole Foods Market stores via Prime Now. Both Prime member savings and Prime Now grocery delivery are available in Austin, Dallas, Denver, Sacramento and San Francisco. Prime Now offers free two-hour delivery on orders over $35. Delivery from Whole Foods Market will continue expanding throughout 2018.
To start saving, customers can download the Whole Foods Market app, sign in with their Amazon account and then scan the app's Prime Code at checkout. Or, customers can opt in to use their mobile phone number to save at checkout. To learn more about Prime at Whole Foods Market, link your mobile phone number or to try Prime free for 30 days, go to amazon.com/primesavings.
Earlier this year, the companies launched free two-hour delivery on Whole Foods Market groceries through Prime Now in 10 cities, with more to come in 2018. Eligible Prime members also receive 5% Back on Whole Foods Market purchases when using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card.
Every Day Made Better with Prime
Prime was designed to make your life better every single day. Over 100 million paid members around the world enjoy the many benefits of Prime, including shipping, shopping and entertainment. In the U.S. that includes unlimited access to award-winning movies and TV episodes with Prime Video; unlimited access to Prime Music, Audible Channels for Prime, Prime Reading, Prime Photos, Twitch Prime; early access to select Lightning Deals, one free pre-released book a month with Amazon First Reads, and more. Prime was built on the foundation of unlimited fast, free shipping and members receive unlimited Free Two-Day Shipping on more than 100 million items, Prime FREE One-Day Shipping and Prime FREE Same-Day Delivery in more than 8,000 cities and towns, and two-hour delivery with Prime Now in more than 30 major cities. Start a free trial of Amazon Prime at amazon.com/amazonprime.
About Amazon
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
About Whole Foods Market
For 39 years, Whole Foods Market has been the world's leading natural and organic foods retailer. As the first national certified organic grocer, Whole Foods Market has over 470 stores in the United States, Canada and United Kingdom. To learn more about Whole Foods Market, please visit media.wfm.com.
ROME: Hunger in the Democratic Republic of Congo has soared in the last year, leaving 7.7 million people in urgent need of food aid and pushing the country closer to famine than it has been in a decade, food security experts said on Monday.
Much of the rise in hunger — 1.8 million new people were added to the list — stems from escalating violence in the Kasai and Tanganyika regions, which in Kasai alone has forced 1.4 million people to flee their homes in the past year.
More than 1.5 million people are now facing “emergency” hunger levels, the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC), whose members include the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and the World Food Programme, said on Monday.
“Emergency” means people are forced to sell possessions and skip or reduce their meals. It is one level below a classification of famine in the IPC's internationally-recognized five stages of hunger.
“This is the first time in 10 years that we're so close to level five (famine),” said Alexis Bonte, FAO's interim representative in Congo.
“It's a humanitarian tsunami, but it's a silent tsunami, that's the problem,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Congo now has 3.8 million people displaced within the country, in addition to a steady flow of refugees from neighboring Burundi, Central African Republic and South Sudan.
“It has been hidden by other crises,” Bonte said, referring to South Sudan, Somalia, Nigeria and Yemen.
Land aplenty
The crisis has worsened with the advance of fall armyworm, a crop-eating caterpillar that has spread to many parts of the country, including Kasai and Tanganyika, as well as by outbreaks of cholera and measles.
The country has enough land to feed at least 1 billion people — roughly the population of Africa — and is wealthy in minerals. But grinding poverty and years of conflict have left many of its people chronically hungry.
“I think the donors are really tired of funding the crisis in Congo,” Bonte said, in reference to conflicts that began in the 1990s and have affected millions of people every year since.
The United Nations has received a quarter of the $812.6 million sought in the humanitarian appeal for Congo this year.
While the government needs to stabilize and reduce the conflicts, humanitarian agencies need to be able to give aid, otherwise people are more likely to resume fighting, he said.
“We cannot hope to make change if we abandon the people.”
“These people deserve to live in dignity. They have suffered enough,” he said.
Violence has escalated in Congo since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down after his mandate ended in December.
Scott Campbell, head of Central and West Africa at the UN human rights office, said the violence had spiralled out of control with the complicity of Kabila's government, and the UN was concerned it could be used to delay a fresh election.
Analysts fear growing fighting could spark a repeat of the conflicts seen between 1996 and 2003, mostly in the east of Congo, in which millions died, mainly from hunger and disease.
Crops bring dignity
Bonte, who has spent seven years in Congo, said the displaced — many of them women — need seeds and farming tools to become self-sufficient, ease pressure on the communities hosting them, and reduce tensions.
When local NGOs in Chikapa, a town in Kasai region, provided farmland for some 2,000 families who had fled their homes earlier this year, and FAO gave farming equipment, they were able to harvest vegetables to eat and sell within weeks.
“Normally in a development project, it would take a year to do this. This was just a few weeks, because the ladies were desperate to do something ... to escape the trauma they had suffered and ... go back to dignity,” Bonte said.
ROME: Hunger in the Democratic Republic of Congo has soared in the last year, leaving 7.7 million people in urgent need of food aid and pushing the country closer to famine than it has been in a decade, food security experts said on Monday.
Much of the rise in hunger — 1.8 million new people were added to the list — stems from escalating violence in the Kasai and Tanganyika regions, which in Kasai alone has forced 1.4 million people to flee their homes in the past year.
More than 1.5 million people are now facing “emergency” hunger levels, the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC), whose members include the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and the World Food Programme, said on Monday.
“Emergency” means people are forced to sell possessions and skip or reduce their meals. It is one level below a classification of famine in the IPC's internationally-recognized five stages of hunger.
“This is the first time in 10 years that we're so close to level five (famine),” said Alexis Bonte, FAO's interim representative in Congo.
“It's a humanitarian tsunami, but it's a silent tsunami, that's the problem,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Congo now has 3.8 million people displaced within the country, in addition to a steady flow of refugees from neighboring Burundi, Central African Republic and South Sudan.
“It has been hidden by other crises,” Bonte said, referring to South Sudan, Somalia, Nigeria and Yemen.
Land aplenty
The crisis has worsened with the advance of fall armyworm, a crop-eating caterpillar that has spread to many parts of the country, including Kasai and Tanganyika, as well as by outbreaks of cholera and measles.
The country has enough land to feed at least 1 billion people — roughly the population of Africa — and is wealthy in minerals. But grinding poverty and years of conflict have left many of its people chronically hungry.
“I think the donors are really tired of funding the crisis in Congo,” Bonte said, in reference to conflicts that began in the 1990s and have affected millions of people every year since.
The United Nations has received a quarter of the $812.6 million sought in the humanitarian appeal for Congo this year.
While the government needs to stabilize and reduce the conflicts, humanitarian agencies need to be able to give aid, otherwise people are more likely to resume fighting, he said.
“We cannot hope to make change if we abandon the people.”
“These people deserve to live in dignity. They have suffered enough,” he said.
Violence has escalated in Congo since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down after his mandate ended in December.
Scott Campbell, head of Central and West Africa at the UN human rights office, said the violence had spiralled out of control with the complicity of Kabila's government, and the UN was concerned it could be used to delay a fresh election.
Analysts fear growing fighting could spark a repeat of the conflicts seen between 1996 and 2003, mostly in the east of Congo, in which millions died, mainly from hunger and disease.
Crops bring dignity
Bonte, who has spent seven years in Congo, said the displaced — many of them women — need seeds and farming tools to become self-sufficient, ease pressure on the communities hosting them, and reduce tensions.
When local NGOs in Chikapa, a town in Kasai region, provided farmland for some 2,000 families who had fled their homes earlier this year, and FAO gave farming equipment, they were able to harvest vegetables to eat and sell within weeks.
“Normally in a development project, it would take a year to do this. This was just a few weeks, because the ladies were desperate to do something ... to escape the trauma they had suffered and ... go back to dignity,” Bonte said.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: adomonline.com
2017-10-06
National Communications Officer of the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) Solomon Nkaansa
National Communications Officer of the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) has described the party's 2016 embarrassing defeat to the New Patriotic Party (NPP) as a ‘fatal political accident”.
According to Solomon Nkaansah, some people in the party were only sought for their selfish interest rather than working for the Mahama-led government to be retained in power.
“Some con guys only came to wine and dine with Mahama and not for the party. Defeat in party is like a commercial car involved in an accident. It brings injuries and victims get traumatized. Some are still asleep and some don't even get hurt. If you're the car owner you would know it was a fatal accident for the NDC party.
“We were defeated fatally. It was a fatal accident for the NDC party. You can't lose close to a million gap in an election and that is why I think our lost was massive” he stated.
Former President John Mahama became the first incumbent President to lose an election since Ghana returned to multi-party democracy in 1992.
His party performed abysmally in the last year's election polling 44.4 percent of valid votes cast.
The New Patriotic Party (NPP) led by then candidate Nana Akufo-Addo polled 53.85 percent of the valid votes cast to become Ghana's fifth President of the Fourth Republic.
Many of the leading members of the NDC were shocked at the gargantuan defeat after running the most expensive electioneering campaign to retain John Mahama in power.
But speaking on Adom FM's Morning Show “Dwaso Nsem” Thursday, Solomon Nkansah conceded his party cannot absolve itself of the blame because the party lacked good communicators to match up to the then opposition NPP.
He believes the media is only trying to force the party to divulge details of what actually caused its defeat as unraveled by the Kwesi Botchway Committee but “that would not happen.
Solomon Nkansah advised his party members to turn on a new leaf and win the heart of Ghanaians and follow recommendation by the Kwesi Botchwey report.
“In every governance, performance is part of communication so if there aren't good messengers to sell the product the people won't buy. The [Kwesi Botchwey] report brought recommendations and has indicated we take the grassroots participation serious. With this, I urge my party members to be circumspect and follow due process” he stressed.
95 WIIL ROCK is talking with event organizers to hopefully be involved in the annual Chain O'Lakes Shoot Out on Grass Lake this year! We can't wait for summer!!! Now we just need a WIIL ROCK boat!
WASHINGTON — At the All-Star break, the Cubs seemed like defending champions about as much as “Baywatch” resembled “The Godfather.” But the Cubs turned it around and finished the season on a 49-25 run, the best mark in the National League after the break.
Down the stretch, right-hander Kyle Hendricks had a lot to do with it. He only managed three wins since late July, but he was tough every time.
Almost as tough as he was Friday in his NLDS Game 1 matchup with the Nationals' Stephen Strasburg. Washington's righty got more attention, got the recognition. But in this matchup, Hendricks got the victory.
Hendricks pitched seven scoreless, two-hit innings using sinkers and change-ups and basically upper 80s fastballs and the Cubs, scoring two unearned runs, got a pair of Anthony Rizzo RBIs in a 3-0 victory in the opener of the best-of-five series at Nationals Park.
“They are one of the best lineups in this league,” Hendricks said Thursday of the Nationals, but putting his Cubs on the same plane. “Trying to attack that lineup, you've got to make good pitches. You've got to be locked down every single pitch. Every one of those guys has a chance to beat you.”
But none of them could as Hendricks matched Strasburg.
“All you're focused on is making pitches,” Hendricks said. “That's my job and it never changes, no matter regular-season game, postseason game, no matter who you are facing on the other side of the mound.”
Hendricks, in his 106-pitch effort, walked three, hit one, struck out six. Strasburg, throwing 81 pitches, fanned 10 and gave up three hits, one walk and two unearned runs.
The Cubs' first hit produced the first run of the series. And then there was another hit. And another run. Both runs were unearned.
Strasburg and Hendricks hung up zeroes through five innings with Strasburg not allowing a hit. But the sixth began with a hiccup — or major belch as it turned out.
Javier Baez, the Cubs' co-NLCS MVP last year with Jon Lester (who will start Game 2), sent a grounder to Anthony Rendon at third. Rendon simply muffed the play for an error. Hendricks sacrificed. A fly out later and the crowd relaxed a bit. The Cubs did not as Bryant singled to right, scoring Baez. Bryant took second on the throw and the Nationals challenged a safe call at second. The call stood.
Rizzo next sent a sinking liner to right. Bryce Harper dove, but couldn't make the catch. Bryant scored and it was 2-0 Cubs. Rizzo doubled in the eighth off reliever Ryan Madson to score John Jay, who had pinched hit a double batting for Hendricks. Wade Davis pitched the ninth for the Cubs and earned the save.
Congressman Steve Scalise, shot in June on a baseball field, went to the mound aided by canes and threw out the ceremonial first pitch.
Then the pitching duel began.
Strasburg needed just eight pitches to record a perfect first inning with two strikeouts. He continued tough. The only runner the Cubs managed through four was Addison Russell, who walked in the second.
Strasburg began the fifth by making team history. He fanned Kyle Schwarber and the eighth strikeout set a franchise record for a postseason game for the Nationals and Expos. Max Scherzer struck out seven Dodgers in Game 5 of the NLDS last year. Strasburg went on to his first ever postseason double-digit strikeout game.
Strasburg got the Game 1 start over Scherzer, who has an achy hamstring. Strasburg, after the All-Star break, went 6-1 with an 0.86 ERA in 10 starts — the second best post-break ERA ever for a pitcher with at least 10 starts, according to Elias Sports Bureau.
But Hendricks didn't flinch and drove the Nats nuts.
Harper, batting second, singled in the first. Matt Wieters was hit by a pitch before Michael Taylor singled to left in the second. Nothing came of either. Two fourth-inning walks fizzled.
After coming off the disabled list for right-hand tendinitis, Hendricks, in 13 starts starting July 24, was only 3-2, but compiled a 2.19 ERA, the best in the National League over that stretch.
“He's a good pitcher,” Nationals manager Dusty Baker said. “He's in the Greg Maddux mode: He throws strikes, and tempt-me strikes.”
Image copyright Irwin Mitchell Image caption Simra Ali died after suffering a heart attack when earlier hospital visits failed to deal with her medical problem
A 10-year-old girl died from heart failure after being discharged in pain from a children's hospital three times in 48 hours, a coroner has concluded.
Simra Ali of Tinsley, Sheffield, was taken to Sheffield Children's Hospital complaining of abdominal pain, vomiting and tiredness.
Coroner Christopher Dorries said there was a significant failure to identify a seriously ill patient.
The hospital said opportunities were missed to treat Simra's illness.
Lawyers Irwin Mitchell, acting for Simra's family, said Sheffield coroner Mr Dorries had pointed to missed opportunities
More stories from across Yorkshire are available here
Three days after her original visit in March 2017 Simra suffered a heart attack at the hospital and died within 30 minutes.
The law firm said an NHS report into Simra's death found her "significantly elevated heart rate" was attributed to a faulty pulse monitoring machine - or Simra's agitated state - and staff missed opportunities to investigate what was really causing it.
The inquest concluded there were serious omissions and missed opportunities for Simra to be reviewed by a senior doctor and for further investigations to be performed which the coroner stated amounted to "a significant failure".
Mr Dorries concluded that had Simra's condition been properly recognised, appropriate interventions would have saved her life.
Image copyright Google Image caption Simra Ali had been taken to Sheffield Children's Hospital three times in 48 hours
Simra's mother Nighat Farzana said: "I will never forget that pain and suffering Simra had to endure in the week leading up to her tragic death.
"I felt that my concerns about Simra's health concerns were not taken seriously during her hospital visits.
"We put our trust in the opinion of the medical professionals at Sheffield Children's Hospital."
Sally Shearer, director of nursing and quality at the hospital said: "We accept the inquest findings and acknowledge that opportunities to diagnose Simra earlier were missed.
"We have taken on board the lessons as part of our own internal review and we will be contacting Simra's family directly to apologise."
Woman attempts to burn down rented house, slaps landlord's son
A businesswoman, Joy Ikechukwu, who allegedly assaulted her landlord's son, was on Tuesday brought before an Ikeja Magistrates' Court, Lagos. The 40-year-old Ikechukwu, who resides at Alagbado area of Lagos, is facing a three-count charge of breach of peace, assault and damage of property. The woman committed the offences on March 9 at the tenement […]
The post Woman attempts to burn down rented house, slaps landlord's son appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New York, NY (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
De Boss (Chinedu Moses Chukwunta), an independent American rapper, singer, songwriter, and producer known as a vibrant up-and-coming musical artist, this week officially released his latest single: Take That. Following the tailwind success of his first studio album, Take That is De Boss' first single of 2018.
Known for an eclectic musical style that's a blend of R&B and Hip Hip, accentuated by Reggae hints, De Boss is making a name for himself as an artist that is doing everything but forgetting the roots from where he came.
“I want my music to introduce a new era that upholds the fundamental humane values of honesty and integrity,” said De Boss. “Where words fail, music enables us to speak. I can't wait to hear everyone's feedback and initial reactions to Take That, a song that will usher in the next phase of my musical production.”
De Boss recently released his first studio album, The Scrutiny, which features rappers from prominent record labels like G-Unit, HighGrade Family & Rugged Records. Songs like Misunderstood (feat. Young Buck), Diamonds (feat. Tony Yayo), Cuba Libre, Where Your Money Go, War, Be What You Want, and Sawela (feat. Samini) can be listened to off the album.
“I plan to keep music making for as long as possible, sharing my trials and tribulations of growing up in Nigeria with listeners worldwide,” said De Boss. “My music doesn't shy away from the tougher topics, and that was my exact vision with Take That.”
De Boss' single, Take That, was officially released on March 16th under the De Boss label. It's available for streaming on all major music syndication platforms.
To listen to Take That or to subscribe to De Boss, visit: https://open.spotify.com/artist/77uSXvqqTMOPORo07k0kwC?si=7ZsdIqzvSZew8ZQKlwXUsg.
About De Boss
De Boss is an independent American rapper, singer, songwriter, and producer based in New York.
BLACKSBURG, Va. — Those who attend Virginia Tech begin taking their semester-ending final exams on Friday.
The men's basketball team will be tackling its toughest exam of the season Saturday in Lexington, Kentucky.
Behind Chris Clarke's season-best 18 points, the Hokies cruised to a 93-40 victory over Maryland-Eastern Shore on Sunday, setting up a showdown with No. 8 Kentucky on Saturday at Rupp Arena.
Virginia Tech hasn't played the Wildcats since the 1996 NCAA Tournament – and has never played at Rupp.
“I think it'll be a great experience,” Virginia Tech coach Buzz Williams said. “I anticipate a lot of good things to learn from it. I anticipate a lot of things that we haven't seen thus far that we can learn from. I think they're top 20 in offensive efficiency and top 20 in defensive efficiency, and I would say that they're 1 or 2 in number of first-round picks on their roster. It'll be good for us. Good or bad, it'll be good for us.”
The Hokies (9-1) certainly will be stepping up in competition. Virginia Tech has played eight teams with losing records so far this season, including Sunday's foe, UMES (3-8).
Clarke hit 7 of 9 from the floor, including all three of his 3-point attempts for the hot-shooting Hokies, who won their seventh straight game. The nation's highest scoring team coming into this one (96.6 ppg), the Hokies scored more than 90 points for the seventh time this season.
Nickeil Alexander-Walker added 16 points on 6-of-7 shooting, and Ahmed Hill finished with 15, as Virginia Tech shot 54.7 per cent from the floor (35 of 64) and hit 15 3-pointers.
Virginia Tech buried the Hawks with a barrage of first-half 3s. The Hokies led just 16-15 with a little more than 12 minutes remaining in the first half before embarking on a 23-1 run to take control. They hit six 3-pointers in that run, with Clarke, Alexander-Walker and Wabissa Bede hitting two each.
Clarke's seven field goals and three 3-pointers marked his highest of the season. He tore his ACL in February, missed the final nine games of last season, and now appears to be rounding into form.
“My legs are feeling good, 95-100 per cent,” Clarke said. “But I'm just trying to do what I can for the team.”
The Hokies, also the nation's best shooting team coming into this game, shot 60 per cent in the first half (21 of 35) and hit 11 of 17 from beyond the arc. The Hokies led 54-22 at halftime – their largest halftime lead this season.
Cameron Bacote led the Hawks with 12 points. The Hawks have lost three straight and five of their past six games.
“The hard part is almost over for us,” UMES coach Bobby Collins said. “If we can get past our next three games (road games at Creighton, Iowa State and Drake) and weather the storm and keep this team together, then we'll be OK in conference play.”
TIP-INS
UMES: The Hawks are in the midst of a brutal stretch of non-conference games. This was the third of six straight on the road – they play 12 of their 15 non-league games on the road – and they have lost their seven road games this season by an average of 38 points per game. They still have three straight road games before returning home for just the third time this season.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies have gotten at least 19 points from their bench in every game this season, including their victory over the Hawks. Led by Clarke, the Hokies' bench players scored a season-best 37 points. Tech's bench is averaging 27.8 points per game this season.
DOING IT WITH Defence
Williams has been critical of the Hokies' defence this season, but Virginia Tech shut down the Hawks. The Hokies allowed just 40 points and held the Hawks to just 27.8 per cent (15 of 54) shooting from the floor. The 40 points, 27.8 shooting percentage and 15 baskets were the fewest by a Virginia Tech opponent this season.
“We changed completely what we were doing defensively than the previous nine games,” Williams said. “I thought our guys handled the execution of that in a much more mature way than I anticipated. That speaks to who they are.”
LEGEND RETURNS HOME – AGAIN
Adrian “Ace” Custis returned to his old stomping grounds Sunday for the third time, as the current UMES assistant coach played basketball at Virginia Tech in the mid-1990s. Custis, now in his fourth season at UMES, is one of just three players in Virginia Tech history to record more than 1,000 points and 1,000 rebounds. Virginia Tech retired Custis' No. 20 jersey at the end of his senior season in 1997, making him just one of four Tech players to have his jersey number retired.
UP NEXT
UMES: The Hawks play at Creighton on Friday night.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies gear up for their biggest challenge of the season, as they travel to Kentucky for a Saturday afternoon game against the Wildcats.
Image copyright AFP Image caption North Korea has stepped up its defiant tone against the US
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been briefed on a plan to fire missiles towards the US Pacific territory of Guam, state media says.
But the report said he would watch US actions before making a decision on "the enveloping fire at Guam".
Last week, the North said a plan was being drawn up to fire four missiles into the sea off Guam, where US bombers are based.
It came amid a sharp rise in rhetoric between the US and North Korea.
The report on state news agency KCNA said Kim Jong-un "examined the plan for a long time" and discussed it with senior military officials.
The commander of North Korea's strategic force was waiting for orders "after rounding off the preparations for the enveloping fire at Guam", the report added.
It quoted Kim Jong-un as saying: "The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash."
He ordered the army to be ready to launch the missiles if he made a decision for action, the report added.
Earlier, US Defence Secretary James Mattis warned that any attack by North Korea could quickly escalate into war. He said the US military would defend the country "from any attack, at any time and from any quarter".
South Korea, which has been alarmed by the growing tensions in the region, has urged the US to seek a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
President Moon Jae-in told visiting top US military official Gen Joseph Dunford that the South's top priority "and our national interest" was peace.
He urged the North to "stop all provocations and hostile rhetoric".
Last week, US President Donald Trump threatened North Korea with "fire and fury" if it continued to threaten the US and its allies, and later boasted that the US nuclear arsenal was "more powerful than ever before".
China, the North's closest ally, has urged calm.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Flagstaff House Communications
2017-10-06
President Akufo-Addo with the Nayiri
President of the Republic, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has said the proposed creation of new Regions in the country largely rests on the inhabitants of the areas who have submitted petitions and made demands for them.
According to President Akufo-Addo, the Constitution stipulates that, once the President receives a petition for the creation of a region, he must forward it to the Council of State for advice.
“The Council of State received my request for their advice, and they were positive. They agreed that there was a demand for the creation of new regions from the Western Region, Northern Region, Brong Ahafo Region and Volta Region,” he said.
The President continued, “The Constitution states that once the Council of State has given a positive response to the President, the President would have to establish a Commission of Enquiry to go into the areas which have requested the creation to see whether, indeed, there is a substantial demand.
“Next week I am going to establish a Commission of Enquiry to examine the petitions for the creation of the regions.”
President Akufo-Addo made this known on Friday, 6th October, 2017, when he paid a courtesy call on the overlord of Mamprugu, the Nayiri, Naa Bohogu Abdulai Mahami Sheriga, at the commencement of his 3-day tour of the Northern Region.
To this end, the President told the Nayiri that “when the Commission of Enquiry comes into your areas, it is up to you to make it clear to the Commissioners that all of you want a new region.”
President Akufo-Addo explained further that if the Commission of Enquiry, after examining the areas, decides that there is, indeed, a substantial demand, they will make recommendations to the President.
“If the President receives the recommendations and they are positive, he will send the matter to the Electoral Commission to organise a referendum in the areas of the demand. It will require that 50% of all those registered in the area of the demand come out to vote, and, after that, 80% of those who come out to vote must vote ‘Yes' for the new region,” he said.
“If you are determined to have the new region, it is in your hands. The way you respond to the Commission of Enquiry, and the way you vote, that is what will decide if you will have a new region,” President Akufo-Addo said.
He assured the Nayiri and the people of Mamprugu that “I am in full support of your demands. I believe that the demand you are making for a new region is a good demand and should be supported. But they say ‘God helps those who help themselves', so it is in your hands. If you want it you can have it.”
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
360Fresh: Dahym X Buzzman – Kosere
After the success of his club banger TEMIDIRE, Dahym teams up with Buzzman on this new Trap tune KOSERE. With apt versatility, Dahym delivers as usual.
ENJOY!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Dahym-X-Buzzman-Kosere.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Fresh: Dahym X Buzzman – Kosere appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Thousands eat and run in the Krispy Kreme Challenge
Over 7000 people participated in the 13th annual Krispy Kreme Challenge in Raleigh, NC Saturday, Feb. 4, 2017. The challenge dares runners to trek 2.5 miles from the Memorial Bell Tower on N.C. State's campus, eat a dozen doughnuts, and then run 2.5 mile
Bellamy Young: Ryan Seacrest should ‘step aside' from hosting duties “This is the time to step aside and let someone of equal talent that is beyond reproach to be in charge,” Young said.
'Scandal' star Bellamy Young reveals Mellie's 'ugliest hour' Scandal Thursday, 9 p.m., ABC In the season finale of “Scandal,” presidential candidate Mellie Grant (Bellamy Young) calms down from the shock of Susan Ross (Artemis Pebdani) dropping out of...
12 ‘Scandal' actors you'll recognize from other ShondaLand shows If you tuned in to Thursday night's midseason premiere of “Scandal,” you might have been shocked to see a familiar face from ShondaLand: Robert Baker. The actor, best known for...
The 11 craziest moments from the ‘Scandal' midseason finale Warning: Contains spoilers Just as quickly as “Scandal” arrived, it's once again left us. In Thursday night's midseason finale, creator Shonda Rhimes tied up a few loose ends while unraveling...
The 10 best moments from the 'Scandal' season premiere A lot has changed since we last saw our favorite gladiators. Olivia Pope is now Julia Baker, living on a private beach off the coast of Zanzibar with her boyfriend,...
'Scandal' goes out with a bang in season finale Warning: This article contains spoilers In an explosive and deadly season finale, “Scandal” was actually able to top itself by having its lead character, Olivia Pope, played by Kerry Washington, get...
2013's top 10 TV actors We've compiled our picks for the year's 10 Best TV Actors, who lit up the screen in their respective shows — in many cases overshadowing that show's star. You may...
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Neil Barofsky, the government's bailout watchdog, isn't done chewing up the big banks. Barofsky, the former special inspector general who ripped the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program, will be...
WINNIPEG — Being traded to the Winnipeg Jets this season has turned into a highlight for Paul Stastny and Joe Morrow.
While the February moves disrupted their lives, they've been able to contribute to the success of a team that's heading into the second round of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Stastny waived his no-trade clause with the St. Louis Blues, who were struggling to keep their heads above water before ultimately missing the playoffs, to continue his 12th NHL season with the Jets.
“Sometimes decisions like that aren't the easiest ones,” the veteran centre said Tuesday after Winnipeg practised for its upcoming Western Conference series against Nashville.
“You've almost got to take a step back and kind of really put into perspective what's best for you, what's best for your family, what's best for your career.”
The answer has been joining the Jets.
“You look top to bottom, this team has lots of talent, lots of depth,” Stastny said. “That's what makes it so intriguing and such a kind of easy decision to come over here and play here.
“I felt like I made the right move, for sure. I have absolutely no regrets.”
The Jets have reaped the rewards of Stastny's decision. The 32-year-old played 19 regular-season games following the trade, posting four goals and 13 points as the steadying force on a line with young wingers Nikolaj Ehlers and Patrik Laine.
In Winnipeg's five games against the Minnesota Wild in the opening-round series, Stastny notched one goal and three assists.
Even some of the St. Louis players he spent almost four seasons with have been cheering for the father of two young children.
“They knew (the trade) was tough,” Stastny said. “I was close with a lot of those guys. They keep in touch. A lot of them are rooting for me to do well.”
Morrow has learned to look on the bright side of all the new addresses he's had in his career.
The Pittsburgh Penguins' 2011 first-round draft pick (23rd overall) was shipped to the Dallas Stars in 2013 and traded the same year to Boston. Last July, he signed as a free agent with the Canadiens and got into 38 games.
“When you get traded, it essentially means another team wanted you,” Morrow, 25, said. “When that's the case, you can feed off that positivity. I have been very, very fortunate to be here.”
The Jets have been lucky to have him.
Injuries to their blue line propelled the Edmonton native into the lineup right away and he played 18 games, collecting one goal and four assists.
In the post-season, he was the unlikely hero of Game 1 against the Wild when he scored the go-ahead goal late in the third period of a 3-2 victory.
“It's always nice to get rewarded with something like that and such a big stage and scenario for this team, gets its first franchise win in the post-season,” Morrow said.
“It's been great to be a part of this city and a part of this team, too.”
Even though he's not a well-known face of the franchise, Morrow said fans have recognized him when he's out and about.
“It just shows me that the dedication level of these fans is through the roof,” he said.
“They pay attention to more than just the hockey aspect of things when they can recognize you without your gear on and say hi to you and be comfortable in that kind of situation.”
The Jets will play their first game against the Predators in Nashville on Friday, but Morrow might find himself in the press box.
Veteran defenceman Toby Enstrom participated fully in Tuesday's practice for the first time since he was injured March 23. He could get into the lineup, bumping out Morrow or Ben Chiarot.
The Jets received good news about Blake Wheeler Tuesday afternoon. The captain is a finalist for the Mark Messier Leadership Award along with Deryk Engelland of the Vegas Golden Knights and Wayne Simmonds of the Philadelphia Flyers.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2016 file photo, Paul Rudd attends a special screening of "The Fundamentals of Caring" held at Arclight Cinemas Hollywood in Los Angeles. Actor and screenwriter Rudd will be subject...
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) - Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd picked up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University on Friday night.
Rudd received the Hasty Pudding honor during a black-tie event. The Boston Globe reported the actor was celebrated in a roast that targeted his "dad face" and his past as a bar mitzvah DJ.
Hasty Pudding said it chose the "Ant-Man" star because his career has spanned many genres, from indies to mainstream films, from heartfelt comedies to superheroes.
He plays the lead in the upcoming "The Catcher Was a Spy," the real-life story of Ivy Leaguer and major league ballplayer Moe Berg, a spy with the forerunner of the CIA during World War II.
"Filming in Fenway was one of the greatest days I've ever had in my life, let alone my acting life," Rudd said Friday. "I'm a baseball fan and was on hallowed ground. To be on the field, wearing the uniform, and playing somebody who is real, which is a new experience for me, was surreal."
Actress Mila Kunis was celebrated as Woman of the Year on Jan. 25, the same day the 223-year-old group, known for comedic revues that feature men in drag playing female characters, said it would allow women to join its cast, starting next year.
Kunis, who has spoken out against sexism in the entertainment industry before, said she was "honored" to have been part of the program during its "year of change."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get the Mach newsletter.
An international team of physicists and astronomers has created what's being billed as the world's most advanced camera.
Known as Darkness (for Dark-speckle Near-infrared Energy-resolved Superconducting Spectrophotometer), the suitcase-sized device is designed not for taking big panoramas or snapping selfies but for spotting planets around nearby stars — and enhancing the search for alien life.
It's proven hard for Earth-based observatories to detect exoplanets both because light from celestial objects becomes distorted as it passes through Earth's atmosphere and because the light that reaches us from exoplanets is extremely faint compared to that from their host stars. “It's technically very challenging, because the star is at least a million times brighter than the planet,” said Benjamin Mazin, a physicist at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and the leader of the team that built the camera.
That bright starlight tends to wash out the light from exoplanets. "It's like trying to pick out a faint ember next to a brilliant searchlight from many miles away," said Ray Jayawardhana, a professor of physics and astronomy at York University in Toronto, Canada, who is not involved with the Darkness project.
The Darkness device is being billed as the world's most advanced camera. Mazin Lab at UCSB
Darkness gets around both problems by filtering out the light from individual stars and compensating for atmospheric distortion via a special mirror that changes shape thousands of times a second to correct the troublesome atmospheric “blurring."
“It's pretty impressive technology,” said Bruce Macintosh, a Stanford physicist who isn't involved with the Darkness project. “What's powerful about directly detecting these planets is that we can measure their light and see the composition” of their atmospheres.
Given the challenges of detecting exoplanets with ground-based observatories, the search for exoplanets has relied mostly on space-based observatories like the Kepler Space Telescope and the newly launched Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS). These satellites detect exoplanets by scanning the cosmos for transits, which are periodic dips in a star's light that occur when a planet passes in front of it. But while the transit method has proven to be very effective at spotting exoplanets, it's of little value in determining the composition of exoplanet atmospheres.
The light from an exoplanet can help astronomers determine whether its atmosphere contains hydrogen, methane or other chemicals that suggest the planet might be able to sustain life — or actually harbor it.
In addition to helping astronomers see exoplanets, Darkness “offers the prospect of revealing whole new exoplanet populations that are normally beyond the reach of other detection techniques,” Jayawardhana said.
Darkness was built for the Hale telescope at the Palomar Observatory near San Diego. Mazin said the camera is capable of detecting Jupiter-sized exoplanets, and he added that as the team hones the technology, the camera may eventually be able to spot alien planets as small as Earth.
The team's ultimate goal is to build an upgraded version of Darkness for the Thirty Meter Telescope, a huge observatory to be built atop Mauna Kea, a dormant volcano on the island of Hawaii. The $1.4-billion observatory is expected to begin operation in 2027.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
LIMERICK council is to explore creating a festival around the traditional May Eve bonfires, in a bid to stamp out the burning of waste and anti-social behaviour.
Members of the council's cultural committee have agreed to examine the possibility of bringing in ‘community bonfires' to allow a wide-scale celebration of April 30.
While it is likely to be too late for this year, committee chairman Séighin Ó Ceallaigh believes it could take effect in 2019, and could run alongside the existing Riverfest celebrations in the city.
“The whole idea is to deter the burning of waste. It costs the council lots each year to clean up green areas. It would be ideal to have an event on May Eve, and combine it with all the other events over the May bank holiday: a celebratory event that will also deter anti-social behaviour.”
While Council chiefs are to look at the costings of such an event, Fine Gael member Michael Sheahan is not convinced such a festival will solve the issue.
“I am bemused by this idea quite frankly. It's just like Brexit: who is going to come up with a perfect solution to keep everyone happy,” he asked.
Councillor Elenora Hogan warned that any community bonfires cannot become an excuse for people to burn unwanted litter.
“It cannot be seen as an opportunity to fet rid of all the old pallets in the back gardens of Moyross,” she said.
Caroline Curley, director of service with the Council says she has no difficulty if councillors put in place funds for it.
She pledged to research the idea.
If Limerick were to organise bonfire festivals, it would be following the example of Cork City, which has organised summer fun nights.
Aoife Potter-Colgan, assistant arts officer with the council, said if similar events were to take place in Limerick, then a long term commitment is “paramount to its success”.
“One-off actions may lead to unmet expectations of communities and perpetuate issues in the long term,” she warned in a report on the festival potential.
New or expecting moms will often hear that motherhood is beautiful, miraculous, a blessing! That may all be well and true, but any mother will tell you that raising a human is also tough. It's hard to make time for yourself, and often harder to make time for others, even old friends. As for making new friends? Well, that sounds close to impossible.
Peanut, a new app created by mom Michelle Kennedy, looks to solve that by providing a platform where moms can meet other moms in their area. Moms sign up, build a profile, select up to three categories to describe themselves ("wine time," "bookworm," "single mama," and "spiritual gangsta" are some of the options), and then find potential matches. Sounds a lot like a dating app, right? That's exactly what Kennedy, who previously worked at Bumble and Badoo, was going for.
Moms feeling a sense of alienation and loss of identity can match up with other local mamas based on interests such as "wine time" and "bookworm." Courtesy of Peanut
"When I became a mom and was looking to [socialize], everything felt very old school. All of a sudden online forums were my only option," Kennedy told NBC News. "I thought, 'I am not the only woman of my generation who has a child and wants to use a cool, sleek, modern product to meet other moms.'"
So Kennedy quit her job and went to work on Peanut. She came up with the name after appreciating it as a term of endearment for her own son, when he was still in her womb.
The Joys of Motherhood, and the Loneliness
But it wasn't just a hip, slick platform Kennedy was looking to provide for moms; she also wanted to solve a problem of her own that she hadn't anticipated: a sense of alienation and loss of identity.
"When I had my little boy three and a half years ago, it was an amazing experience as I was taught it would be — but I also found it to be isolating and lonely, which is something we don't often talk about," said Kennedy. "It was also boring, something I really didn't expect. But when they're tiny, they don't do much apart from feed and sleep. I had a moment where I forgot what it was to be me."
Related: Swipe Right for... a Sperm Donor?
Kennedy, 34, had trouble finding a friend she could relate to on issues of new motherhood. Once she began working on Peanut, which has been live for three months in the U.S, Canada, and the U.K., she consulted other moms and realized she was far from alone.
"I found absolute evidence that women need this now more than ever," said Kennedy. She declined to disclose the number of sign-ups the app has had since going live, but noted that there have been around 8.5 million profile views and swipes, and some 400,000 messages sent between users.
Like an Online Forum, But Easier
Perhaps the app is seeing so much interest because it's really not that big of a leap from online groups and messaging boards, a system that moms have been using for years.
"I actually found some of my best mommy friends through meetup.com," said Erin Zavala, a Los Angeles-based mother of two. "I could totally see this app working. [As a new mom] you're desperate to find people in the same place of life as you and rarely do you have any friends from pre-pregnancy that are in the same stage. I've been friends with some of these women for over a decade now and I can't imagine navigating through parenthood without them."
LaToya Jordan, a Brooklyn-based mom, met one of her closest mom pals through an online message board about parenting/pregnancy.
Related: Most Moms Are Too Busy to Buy Mother's Day Gifts
"Our first 'date' happened when my daughter was two and hers was one," Jordan told NBC News. "We now work near each other and get together for lunch to trade stories about our kids, our careers, just everything that's going on in our lives. It's nice to meet someone I like as a person but who also understands when I say I have mommy guilt, or when I talk about what I want next for my career, or the latest stage of parenting — because she's going through that, too."
I'm a Mom, But Also a Human With Interests
Jordan also appreciates that she didn't meet her best mommy friend through something that had to do with her child, but rather out of her own interests. Peanut could inspire similar friendships.
"What I like about the idea of this app is that you can pick out the types of people you want to hang out with — whether that's single parents, [moms] into fitness, into books, whatever," said Jordan. "It's nice to have someone I didn't meet through my child, [so] I get to have a deeper friendship, be the friend who is also a mother, and not the my-kid's-friend's-parent-that-I'm-friendly-with."
The ability to narrow down your choices of the type of mom you want to be matched with (much like you may a prospective romantic partner), could be the strongest quality of this app. To simply pair moms with moms, even if they live in the same neighborhood and have kids the same age, usually isn't enough to ignite the sparks of a lasting friendship.
Erica Shiner, a Toronto-based mom, found that when she had her son five years ago she was "desperate" to make friends and eagerly befriended other desperate new moms only to find that after a while, they really didn't have much in common outside the hunger for friendship.
"Over time it was revealed that simply sharing the circumstance of recent procreation wasn't enough to sustain a friendship," Shiner told NBC News. "An app like this would be a great way to shop around for mom friends you have more than one thing in common with."
The new "mom-matching" app. Courtesy of Peanut
It Takes All Kinds of Moms
Kennedy says she has been overwhelmed with feedback and is working on upgrades to the app. This includes adding new "icons," or categories of interest. Recently she added "special needs" as an icon, along with "single mama." Soon, moms will also be able to identify as stepmothers, as well as adoptive mothers, and mothers of "multiples."
Lindsay King-Miller, a Denver-based mom, says she's probably not interested in using the app until it adds a queer option, as she's "leery of meeting homophobes, or well-intentioned but clueless straight people."
Kennedy said a LGBQT or similar icon is definitely a priority, and will be implemented in the near future. But what's top of mind at the moment is making the app accessible to Android users.
Perfecting the App, Ad-Free
"Seventy-percent of our email traffic is about 'When is Android coming?' So, that will be late next month," said Kennedy. "From then on, our focus will be on more features and localized products in other countries. There's a team of only five of us trying to build and create as quickly as the demand comes."
One could imagine the app would be a fruitful space for advertisers touting mom-related products, but Kennedy finds the idea of ads disruptive, and while it's unclear at this point how the app will generate revenue (Kennedy said it currently is not making money), her "feeling is strong that ads won't be the way."
Surely that's something any mom who already has enough noise to deal with can appreciate.
The Department of Justice filed a lawsuit on Wednesday to halt Halliburton from merging with Baker Hughes, arguing the merger of the No. 2 and No. 3 oil services companies...
On Wednesday's St. Louis on the Air, host Don Marsh discussed the political and legal fallout surrounding Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' resignation.
Joining him was St. Louis Public Radio statehouse reporter Marshall Griffin and several legal experts.
Along with the Greitens saga, the legal panel also touched on several other current issues pertaining to the law.
On the panel:
William Freivogel, J.D.. School of Journalism professor at Southern Illinois University - Carbondale
Mark Smith, J.D., associate vice chancellor of studentsat Washington University
Michael Wolff, J.D., former dean of Saint Louis University School of Law; former Missouri Supreme Court chief justice
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Lara Hamdan give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
Under-fire Sevilla coach Vincenzo Montella has been backed by the club's hierarchy until at least the end of the season.
Montella, who took over at the Liga club in December, is under increasing pressure, with his side winless in eight games in all competitions.
The Italian saw his team thrashed 5-0 by Barcelona in the Copa del Rey final on Saturday as part of their form slump.
But after a five-hour board meeting on Tuesday, Sevilla confirmed Montella would be retained until the end of the campaign.
"When we arrived on Sunday, we met him and for three hours he told us that he feels strong, enthusiastic, capable and confident that he can get us to the Europa League," club chairman Jose Castro said.
"We have that same confidence in him – it was a unanimous board decision."
Castro added: "For the moment, until the end of the season, then afterwards we'll decide.
"It's true that it's been a season of highs and lows. But we have also played 16, 17 matches more than other teams and that's been plain to see in the league.
"If there's something we can see it's that we're ambitious and we've tried to get right to the end in all competitions."
While Montella remains, director of football Oscar Arias will leave the club at season's end, with Sevilla expecting to announce his replacement within a month.
Sevilla sit seventh in LaLiga with five games to play, clinging onto a Europa League qualifying place.
NFF offsets Rohr, Amuneke, Ugbade, 25 coaches' salaries
Vanguard
The Nigeria Football Federation has handed big kudos to its Official Optimum Partner, Aiteo Group, following the payment of the first batch of monies meant for the payment of salaries of Coaches of the National Teams in the N2.5billion, 5-Year …
and more »
Superstar on path to boxing glory but first has to survive 'war' It's supposed to be a showcase fight for Terence Crawford on Saturday night, the first time he is headlining in the big arena at Madison Square Garden. It's the next...
Dana White blasts Mayweather's 'f--king' uncle over McGregor rumors UFC president Dana White is all-in to make the super fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather, but now he's firing back at unfounded rumors regarding the matchup. Just recently,...
Conor McGregor: My boxing won't stop at beating Mayweather Conor McGregor is about to take over boxing. Just ask him. Speaking as if his proposed fight with Floyd Mayweather is a done deal, the UFC lightweight champion hinted it...
Meet boxing's Conor McGregor, whose middle finger you'll recognize Michael Conlan of Belfast will have his future in front of him when he walks to the ring at the Theater at Madison Square Garden on Friday night to make...
Why Giants could pull trigger on Nick Saban plan if losses pile up Hall of Fame boxing promoter Bob Arum once famously said, “Yesterday I was lying. Today I'm telling the truth.” It was uttered nearly 40 years ago during a debate over...
You can sound off about bill that may crush NY boxing, MMA The New York State Athletic Commission is soliciting comments from the public on the new legislation legalizing MMA in the state and other proposed changes to how it regulates combat...
Manny Pacquiao's retirement vow not very convincing Manny Pacquiao insists his fight with Timothy Bradley on April 9 in Las Vegas will be the final bout of his career. Maybe. Sort of. Probably. No, really, it is. “Sad to say after...
Boxing just jealous of Mayweather guru's primetime spot: promoter Manhattan-based boxing promoter Lou DiBella says he's nobody's “sham” and thinks Al Haymon's efforts to bring boxing back to network television should be applauded and not the subject of mounting...
Team Pacquiao sues Team Mayweather for $100M Boxing promoter Bob Arum filed suit Wednesday against Al Haymon and his financial backers, claiming they are violating federal law by acting as illegal promoters and monopolizing fighters and venues...
Re: Rob Devitt says NDP leader's number has no ‘merit or accuracy'
I was disappointed to read an article in which the Chatham-Kent Health Alliance supervisor argued with my concern for Sydenham Hospital – concern that is shared by many residents in Wallaceburg.
It is simply inaccurate for anyone to claim that the hospital currently has the funding and support it needs.
Families and patients in Wallaceburg know that Liberal and Conservative cuts to health care have pushed our hospitals to the breaking point. In Wallaceburg alone, the hospital has seen bed closures and cuts to lab services and, last year, had to fight to keep the emergency room open.
The people of Wallaceburg and Chatham-Kent deserve so much better.
But documents obtained from the Wynne government through Freedom of Information request show that the funding shortage at the Sydenham Hospital was made even worse by the Liberal government's decision to strip Sydenham of its ‘small and rural' designation – which provided some extra funding for vital services. The documents reveal that the Wynne government made this bad choice for bureaucratic reasons – and not with patients and families in mind.
I am determined to do something to fix the problems in our health care system. I wish Kathleen Wynne – and those running our health system – shared this same goal.
I'm concerned about the wait times for surgeries and emergency care. I'm shocked by the number of patients who are being forced to wait on gurneys in hallways because our hospitals are dangerously overcrowded. And I'm appalled that hospitals are still being forced to cut services and staff, like 26 full-time and 15 part-time nurses and health care workers who will lose their jobs at the Chatham-Kent Health Alliance in the coming months.
Enough is enough.
The permanent solution is for hospitals to get the funding they need to cut the wait times and deliver the high-quality care that nurses and health care workers are trained to deliver.
But in order to get through the next year – until voters can choose a new government – Sydenham Hospital needs every dollar it can get. And it needs everyone in this community to be focused on telling the Wynne government to stop cutting health care.
If Kathleen Wynne and her supporters would just listen to patients, families and front-line health care workers, they would know that hospitals in Wallaceburg and Chatham-Kent need more funding.
Ontario's an incredible place – and our health care workers are world class and deeply caring. Imagine how we could deliver health care if we had proper funding for every hospital.
It's time for investment in hospitals and health care – not more Wynne and Conservative cuts.
Andrea Horwath
Leader of Ontario New Democrats
Image caption
The Sunday Times report on an alleged plot by Brexiteers to build a "dream team" at No 10. It says Tory MPs have warned the prime minister will face a coup if she insists on moving forward with plans to keep the UK in the customs union. The paper reveals Eurosceptics have urged the foreign secretary to consider a pact which would see Michael Gove as deputy prime minister and Jacob Rees-Mogg appointed the chancellor. It also claims despite Boris Johnson offering support to Theresa May, he told plotters he was "ready" for a future leadership contest.
It's time to correct some of the gratuitous and unfair assaults circulating in the media on our son's school, Success Academy Fort Greene. As the parents of a special-needs child,...
Why it matters to you Brewing the perfect cup of tea is harder than you may realize. The Teforia Leaf is here to help.
If ever you doubted that brewing the perfect cup of tea is nothing less than art, Teforia is here to prove you wrong. Teforia, heralded as the world's first tea tech company, has unveiled a smart infuser that prepares your favorite tea varietal to its optimal state by varying temperature, steep time, tea leaf ratio, and number of infusions. Because dunking a tea bag in a mug of hot water isn't how tea established its place in the annals of culinary history.
Known as the Teforia Leaf, this infuser builds off of Teforia's flagship product, the Teforia Classic, but is more affordable (though still not for the faint of heart at $400). Now available online at Williams-Sonoma, the Leaf works exclusively with Teforia's Perfect Cup tea subscription “Sips,” which are smart, loose-leaf tea containers that promise to contain “the highest-quality tea on the planet.” So yes, you should be prepared to shell out quite a bit of money for your caffeine if you're going the gourmand route.
Think of the Leaf as a Keurig, but far fancier and meant only for tea. Plus, the Sips used aren't bad for the environment — rather, these little capsules are 90 percent compostable and fully recyclable. You can also choose to make your tea with either standard or boosted caffeine levels, simply by touching a button.
“Smart kitchen tech has been in the spotlight recently for the influx of overcomplicated, overhyped devices that offer little beyond tech for tech's sake — and these companies are casting a shadow on the whole industry,” said Allen Han, founder and CEO of Teforia. “By streamlining our smart technology with the Leaf, we're able to offer a seamless, irreplicable experience to tea drinkers that makes brewing the perfect cup of tea easy and accessible.”
Nigerian Gov't Extends 2016 Budget Implementation To March 2017
The Nigerian Government has extended the execution of the N1.58tn capital component of the 2016 budget to the end of March 2017.
This is contained in a circular with reference number OAGF/CAD/026/V.111/108, issued by the Accountant-General of the Federation, Alhaji Ahmed Idris, The Punch reports.
The circular, which was issued on Friday in Abuja, was addressed to top government officials such as the Chief of Staff to the President, Secretary to the Government of the Federation, ministers, National Security Adviser, Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and all service chiefs.
Others are the Chairman of the Federal Inland Revenue Service, all permanent secretaries (federal), Clerk of the National Assembly, Auditor General of the Federation, all vice chancellors of federal universities, all directors of finance and internal audit and all directors-general.
The circular, titled “Guidelines for financial activities for end of year 2016”, stated that while the implementation of the recurrent budget was expected to end on December 31, 2016, the capital component would be allowed to go on until March ending.
The AGF also explained that the need to issue the circular became imperative in order to promote probity, transparency and good governance.
The circular read in part, “It has become imperative to provide guidelines to all Ministries, Departments and Agencies and other arms of government on financial activities for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. “The objective of the guidelines is to promote probity, transparency, accountability and good governance in line with the policy of trust of the present administration. “All ‘unspent' balances in the recurrent expenditure cash books at the end of 2016 financial year will be closed. “The Government Integrated Financial Management Information System platform will be closed by midnight of December 31, 2016 and the MDA balances will be mopped into the Consolidated Revenue/Treasury Single Account accordingly. “The unexpended recurrent votes of the MDAs on the TSA-sub accounts under the CBN/Remita gateway for the 2016 financial year shall similarly lapse at midnight of December 31, 2016.” “Capital allocation and statutory transfer for the financial year ended December 31, 2016 will not be closed but extended to March 31, 2017. “Accordingly, all MDAs will have access to their capital funds and statutory transfers up until March 31, 2017 as may be applied by the National Assembly.”
The post Nigerian Gov't Extends 2016 Budget Implementation To March 2017 appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
A cannabis cultivation with an estimated street value of more than £250,000 has been recovered in Aberdeen, police have said.
A drug search warrant was executed in the Langstane Place area of the city on Tuesday.
Police Scotland said two men, aged 24 and 35, were arrested in connection with a cultivation.
They have been charged and are expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court.
Coach of Tema Youth, Edward Odoom, believes his team's 4-0 demolishing of Great Olympics could give them a psychological urge over their opponents as the Premier League hots up.
Coach Odoom said his side's triumph over Olympics in Accra was necessitated by their quest to fight relegation as they target a top eight finish.
A hat-trick by Joseph Paintsil and a Theophilus Ogoe goal ensured Olympics were whitewashed at home by the Tema-based club.
The convincing win moved Tema Youth to 11th place on the log with 21 points in 18 games as they battle it out with opponents over finishing above the relegation zone.
In an interview with the Graphic Sports, coach Odoom said: “The win over Olympics was an important one and will give my side a psychological urge going into the final round of matches”.
“We planned to come to Accra and get three points and we achieved just that since we can't take chances with relegation staring at us,” he added.
When asked about their next game against Aduana Stars at the Tema Stadium, coach Odoom explained that they were ready to inflict more pain on other clubs who visit them at home.
He said they were focused on working harder to avoid any losing games which could affect their chances of escaping relegation.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
President Buhari didn't see Aisha in UK, has not spoken to Osinbajo in weeks – Report
President Muhammadu Buhari was not allowed to see the First Lady, Aisha, during her recent visit to the UK, SaharaReporters has reported. The online news medium claimed that presidency sources on Tuesday, told them that the Ppresident has been kept away from several of his aides and even those bodyguards who supposedly travelled with him. […]
President Buhari didn't see Aisha in UK, has not spoken to Osinbajo in weeks – Report
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Like a Cut-and-Paste Tool, Gene Editing Transforms Research
Gene editing is getting fresh attention thanks to a successful lab experiment with human embryos. But for all the angst over possibly altering reproduction years from now, this technology already is used by scientists every day in fields ranging from agriculture to drug development.
New gene editing tools let scientists alter the DNA of living cells -- from plants, animals, even humans -- more precisely than ever before. Think of it as a biological cut-and-paste program. A look at the science.
What Is Gene Editing
While scientists have long been able to find defective genes, fixing them has been so cumbersome that it's slowed development of genetic therapies. There are several gene editing methods, but a tool called CRISPR-Cas9 has sparked a boom in research as laboratories worldwide adopted it over the past five years because it's faster, cheaper, simple to use with minimal training and allows manipulation of multiple genes at the same time.
How It Works
Pieces of RNA are engineered to be a guide that homes in on the targeted stretch of genetic material. The Cas9 is an enzyme that acts like molecular scissors to snip that spot. That allows scientists to delete, repair, or replace a particular gene.
Medical Research
The fresh attention comes from research involving human embryos. In laboratory experiments, a team lead by Oregon researchers used CRISPR to successfully repair a heart-damaging gene in human embryos, marking a step toward one day being able to prevent inherited diseases from being passed on to the next generation. But there's wide agreement that more research is needed before ever testing the technique in pregnancy.
The biggest everyday use of CRISPR so far is to engineer animals with human-like disorders for basic research, such as learning how genes cause disease or influence development and what therapies might help.
But promising research, in labs and animals so far, also suggests gene editing might lead to treatments for such diseases as sickle cell, cancer, maybe Huntington's -- by altering cells and returning them to the body. Another project aims to one day grow transplantable human organs inside pigs.
The Biggest Hurdle
Safety is a key question because gene editing isn't always precise enough; there's the possibility of accidentally cutting DNA that's similar to the real target. Researchers have improved precision in recent years, but out-of-body treatments like using cells as drugs get around the fear of fixing one problem only to spark another.
The Ethics Controversy
Altering genes in sperm, eggs or embryos can spread those changes to future generations, so-called "germline" engineering. But it's ethically charged because future generations couldn't consent, any long-term negative effects might not become apparent for years, and there's concern about babies designed with enhanced traits rather than to prevent disease.
Earlier this year, an ethics report from the prestigious National Academy of Sciences opened the door to lab research to figure out how to make such changes -- but said if germline editing ever is allowed, it should be reserved for serious diseases with no good alternatives and performed under rigorous oversight.
Is That Legal?
Where you live determines if, or what kind of, research can be performed on human embryos. Some countries, especially in Europe, ban germline research. Britain allows basic lab research only.
In the U.S., scientists can perform laboratory embryo research only with private, not federal taxpayer, funding, as the Oregon team did. Any attempt to study germline editing in pregnant women would require permission from the Food and Drug Administration, which is currently prohibited by Congress from reviewing any such request.
Beyond Medicine
Researchers also are using gene editing to hatch malaria-resistant mosquitoes, grow strains of algae that produce biofuels, improve crop growth, even make mushrooms that don't brown as quickly.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Cora Staunton received praise in Australia after impressing in the first round of the new Women's AFL (AFLW) season.
Her side the Greater Western Sydney Giants (GWS Giants) suffered a 7.3 (45) - 6.3 (39) defeat to Melbourne, but the Mayo legend scored a goal in the first quarter of the game, making her the first International recruit to do so this season.
It was a closely fought encounter in Melboune, where the lead reportedly changed hands on three occasions in the final quarter, before the home side went onto secure the victory.
Six new names to don the red + blue.
Here's the team to kick off our @aflwomens season at Casey Fields on Saturday.👇#DreamBigger pic.twitter.com/arIkCKfHlV — Melbourne FC (@melbournefc) February 1, 2018
In addition to Staunton, there was some Irish representation in the Melbourne side. Cavan native Laura Corrigan Duryea is an established member of the women's team, and she lined out in the back pocket position for the clash against GWS Giants.
This is the second season of the Women's Aussie Rules competition, with the GWS Giants finishing bottom of the ladder at the end of the inaugural campaign.
Staunton signed for the Sydney club last October.
How good was that from Cora Staunton!!! First goal kicked by an International Recruit in the #AFLW. Outstanding stuff. — Andy Maher (@AndyMaherDFA) February 3, 2018
Cora Staunton is going to light it up this season — Daniel Cherny 📰 (@DanielCherny) February 3, 2018
Caught the replays of last night's #AFLW games. Lots of excitement and yes, the quality is getting better.
How about Cora Staunton. She's like a fish in water, looked completely composed. — Brian Barrish (@BarrishUSAFL) February 3, 2018
Ripping match. Huge blow to Dees w Paxy down. Couple of strong grabs, a couple of great footy stories (Cora Staunton!) And with a nail-biting finish, an unexpected star (Go Rocky) and the cream rising to the top. Daisy of the iron will repel Giant attacks and leading the way. — Damien Bing (@D_Geek420) February 3, 2018
The four-time All-Ireland winner is still learning to adapt to the new sport of course, but GWS Giants coach Alan McConnell says he is pleased with her progress at this early stage of the season.
"I think (Staunton) got lost a couple of times on running patterns, but it's not surprising when you're trying to learn the game in eight weeks," he told SBS News.
"She hasn't had a full pre-season, she missed the first two weeks because her team (Carnacon) went all the way through to an All-Ireland (club) final.
"But we're so glad we have her. She brings something to the team."
Image copyright Robert Cianflone/Getty Images Image caption Omar Al Somah equalises from the penalty spot for Syria against Australia in the World Cup qualifier
There are few penalties awarded in the dying stages of a crucial game that are met without any degree of controversy among football fans.
But when one of the teams playing is in the midst of a civil war and the referee officiating comes from a country supporting one side of that conflict, the potential for controversy is heightened further still.
Syria's hopes of qualifying for the World Cup in Russia in 2018 are still intact after drawing with Australia.
The World Cup qualifying playoff staged in Malaysia - as Syria are unable to play matches at home - finished 1-1 after a contentious 85th-minute penalty allowed Syrian striker Omar Al Somah to equalise.
Fans of the Syrian football team were understandably overjoyed.
"This is possibly one of the matches I loved most. Professional playing and Syrian people cheering from their hearts," one fan commented on Facebook.
Image copyright Stanley Chou/Getty Images
But Iranian referee Alireza Faghani's late decision infuriated several Australia players and has generated significant discussion online.
"It was evident to everyone it wasn't a penalty," Australian forward Robbie Kruse told the Sydney Morning Herald. His 40th-minute finish from close range had earlier handed Australia the advantage in the two-legged tie.
You might also like:
Some social media users in Iran were quick to link the decision with their country's support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
There is no evidence of any deliberate wrongdoing on the part of the referee or anyone else.
"Faghani is the real defender of shrines," one social media user commented, attributing to the referee a title given by the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps to its fighters in Syria.
"With the penalty he called for Syria, Faghani will get a medal of honour from the Supreme Leader," another tweeted.
Australian football writer Paul Williams was unconvinced.
Skip Twitter post by @PaulWilliams_85 Penalty was soft no doubt, but are we really questioning the integrity of one of the best refs in Asia? — Paul Williams (@PaulWilliams_85) October 5, 2017 Report
"The penalty was soft no doubt," he tweeted. "But are we really questioning the integrity of one of the best refs in Asia?"
Many Syrian fans agreed.
"It was the best game in Syria's history," one posted on Facebook. "The Australian team is complaining for nothing. The game should have ended with three goals for Syria."
Syria's fans will be hoping they can upset the odds when the second leg kicks off in Sydney, Australia on Tuesday 10 October. The winners will advance to a final playoff match with the chance to win a place at next year's World Cup finals.
Additional reporting by BBC Monitoring
A consensus has developed in Washington, DC, for some “pushback” against Iran. Democrats and Republicans would be well-advised to learn from the Cold War: Don't compromise the battle on the...
Clarita Moreno and Estel Mercedes Rodriguez speak with Rodriguez's son, who lives in Hungary, as a curious Angelina Arcia, 6, attempts to get a look at the cellphone in Havana, Cuba, on Sept. 19, 2015. Cubans are increasingly using the balance of their cellphone accounts with the government's ETECSA telecommunications monopoly as a virtual currency sometimes called "el ETECSO." Al Diaz adiaz@miamiherald.com
RICHMOND, Va. — It can start with a couple of traffic tickets.
Unable to pay the tickets right away, a driver becomes saddled with late fees, fines and court costs. Soon, the driver may be taken off the road indefinitely.
More than 40 states allow the suspension of driver's licenses for people with unpaid criminal or traffic court debt. But now, advocates across the country are pushing to change that, arguing that such laws are unconstitutional because they unfairly punish poor people and violate due process by not giving drivers notice or an opportunity to show they cannot afford to pay the fees.
Lawsuits have been filed in at least five states over the past two years.
“It's not that I don't want to take care of what I owe. I really wish I could,” said Brianna Morgan, a single mother from Petersburg, Virginia, who hasn't had a license in three years because she owes more than $400 in traffic fines and court costs from traffic violations and a disorderly conduct citation.
“I really don't have a way to pay it,” said Morgan, who supports herself and her three children on a monthly disability check.
Advocates had a victory this week in Tennessee, where a federal judge ruled that a law that allows the state to revoke the licenses of low-income people with unpaid court debt from past criminal convictions is unconstitutional.
U.S. District Judge Aleta Trauger called the law “powerfully counterproductive” and ordered Tennessee to stop revoking licenses and to reinstate the licenses of people who had theirs revoked due solely to nonpayment of court fees.
“If a person has no resources to pay a debt, he cannot be threatened or cajoled into paying it; he may, however, become able to pay it in the future. But taking his driver's license away sabotages that prospect,” Trauger wrote in her ruling Monday.
In Virginia, nearly a million people currently have suspended driver's licenses at least in part because of unpaid court debt, according to the Legal Aid Justice Center, a non-profit that is challenging the practice in a federal lawsuit. A judge dismissed the case on jurisdictional grounds, but in a ruling in May, the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals gave the case new life, sending it back to the lower court to allow the plaintiffs to revise the lawsuit.
Millions of drivers nationwide have lost licenses because of such laws. In a study released in September, the justice centre estimated that 4.2 million people then had suspended or revoked licenses for unpaid court debt in five states alone: Virginia, Tennessee, Michigan, North Carolina and Texas.
Lawsuits are pending in North Carolina, Montana and Michigan, in addition to Virginia and Tennessee. In California, legislation enacted last year prohibits state courts from suspending driver's licenses simply because of unpaid traffic fines.
But supporters of the laws say people who violate traffic laws must be held accountable.
Virginia Republican state Sen. Bill Carrico said the threat of losing a license can provide incentive to pay fines.
“If we don't suspend driver's licenses, then people will say, ‘I'm not going to pay the fine,”‘ Carrico said. “That's a slippery slope.”
A separate lawsuit still pending in Tennessee challenges a law that allows the state to take away the driver's licenses of people with unpaid traffic debt.
For Ashley Sprague, a 27-year-old mother of five from Lebanon, Tennessee who is a plaintiff in that case, the thought of paying $946 in traffic debt, plus $388 to get her license reinstated, was overwhelming.
Her debt began in 2015 after she got a citation for speeding and failure to have proof of insurance. At the time, she made $2.13 an hour, plus tips, as a waitress at Waffle House.
Sprague said she couldn't afford to pay and lost two jobs while her license was suspended because she had to rely on other people to get to work.
In the Virginia case, Judge Roger Gregory, chief justice of the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, wrote that the state's system does not differentiate between those unable to pay from those unwilling to pay.
“By suspending the licenses of those who cannot pay for reasons outside of their control, the state traps thousands of Virginians in a nightmarish spiral for which there is no apparent exit,” Gregory wrote.
But Jonathan Turley, a professor at George Washington University Law School, said he thinks it's unlikely the lawsuits will succeed in getting other states to stop suspending licenses for nonpayment of fees.
“There's no question that suspension for failure to pay a fine is the hardest on those who cannot pay the fine, but courts will be concerned about the slippery slope narrative,” Turley said.
“If there is a constitutional barrier to the suspension of licenses for failure to pay a fine, where does that right begin and end? Does that apply to all permits and licenses?”
British police say they have arrested Indian business tycoon Vijay Mallya in London on behalf of authorities in India, where he is wanted on charges of money laundering and bank demands that he pay back more than a billion dollars in loans extended to his now-defunct airline.
A statement from the Metropolitan Police in London says Mallya was arrested after appearing in a police station, and will appear in court later Tuesday.
India's Enforcement Directorate, now investigating the liquor baron's debts totaling 94 billion rupees ($1.45 billion), asked a New Delhi court last year to demand Mallya's presence during legal proceedings.
At the time, it said Mallya was not cooperating with investigators, and three times ignored their summons to give evidence.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule.
On Tuesday at noon, with plenty of pomp and pageantry, members of the 115th Congress will be sworn in, with an emboldened GOP intent on unraveling eight years of President Barack Obama's Democratic agenda and targeting massive legacy programs from Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson such as Social Security and Medicare.
In the election, Republicans kept their tight grip on the House and outmaneuvered the Democrats for a slim majority in the Senate. In less than three weeks, on the West Front of the Capitol, Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the presidential oath to Donald Trump, the GOP's newfound ally.
First up for Republicans is repeal and delay of the health care law, expediting the process for scrapping Obama's major overhaul but holding off on some changes for up to four years. The tax code is in the cross-hairs. Conservatives want to scuttle rules on the environment and undo financial regulations created in the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown, arguing they are too onerous for businesses to thrive.
The only obstacle to the far-reaching conservative agenda will be Senate Democrats who hold the power to filibuster legislation, but even that has its political limitations. Twenty-three Democrats are up for re-election in 2018, including 10 from states Trump won, and they could break ranks and side with the GOP.
Here are a few things to know about Congress:
———
BY THE NUMBERS
Vice President Joe Biden, in one of his final official acts, will administer the oath to 27 returning senators and seven new ones. Republicans will have a 52-48 advantage in the Senate, which remains predominantly a bastion of white men.
There will be 21 women, of whom 16 are Democrats and five, Republicans; three African Americans, including California's new Democratic senator Kamala Harris, and four Hispanics, including Nevada's new Democratic senator Catherine Cortez Masto.
Across the Capitol, the House is expected to re-elect Rep. Paul Ryan as Speaker, with all the campaign-season recriminations involving the Wisconsin Republican and Trump largely erased by GOP wins. Once sworn in, Ryan will then administer the oath to the House members.
The GOP will hold a hefty 241-194 majority in the House, including 52 freshmen — 27 Republicans, including Wyoming's Liz Cheney, daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, and 25 Democrats.
———
CONFIRMING THE CABINET
The Senate will exercise its advice and consent role and consider nominations of 15 department secretaries and six people tapped by Trump to lead agencies or serve in roles with Cabinet-level status, such as the EPA and U.N. ambassador.
Democrats won't make it easy.
Several in the party have been highly critical of several of Trump's choices, from Rick Perry, who forgot during the 2012 presidential campaign that the Energy Department was the one he wanted to eliminate, to Treasury pick Steve Mnuchin, the former Goldman Sachs executive whom Democrats have dubbed the "foreclosure king" for his stake in OneWest Bank that profited from the foreclosure crisis.
Others nominees, such as retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for defense secretary, should easily win confirmation. First, though, Congress must pass a law allowing the former military man to serve in a civilian post.
There is a limit to what Democrats can do. Rules changes in 2013 allow some nominees, including Cabinet picks, to be confirmed with a simple majority, preventing Democrats from demanding 60 votes to move forward.
———
SUPREME COURT VACANCY
Adding to the drama of the new Congress will be high-profile confirmation hearings for Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court.
Justice Antonin Scalia died last February and Republicans refused to consider Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, insisting that the next president should fill the high court vacancy that's now lasted more than 10 months.
Trump released a list of potential choices during the campaign that included Utah Sen. Mike Lee, who clerked for Justice Samuel Alito. Since the election, the president-elect also has met with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist, prompting talk about a possible nomination for the onetime presidential rival.
Trump has said he wants to nominate a justice who would help overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that legalized abortion. Cruz and Lee would fulfill that pledge.
———
NEW FACE IN LEADERSHIP
The point man for Senate Democrats is Brooklyn-born Chuck Schumer, who will be a chief antagonist to fellow New Yorker Trump.
Schumer succeeds Nevada's Harry Reid, who retired after five terms, and joins Congress' top leaders — Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Speaker Ryan — in what is certain to be tough negotiations next year on spending and policies.
———
RUSSIAN HACKING
The first public hearing on the intelligence community's assessment that Russia interfered in the U.S. election is Thursday in the Senate Armed Services Committee, with James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, set to testify. Expect individual panels to investigate, but not a special, high-profile select committee. McConnell has rejected that bipartisan call.
"Something like what happened with Aziz. He's been my friend and I really feel for the woman," she said. "I identify with all the women in these situations."
MUSIC: Deon – Whyne Fi Di Base
Deon is here with his first single of the year “Whyne Fi Di Base”. This is some major heat for the summer and is a club banger all round. Deon has been making waves since competing in the recent MTV Base VJ Search Nigeria competition and finishing in the top 5!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/DEON-WHYNE-FI-DI-BASE.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Deon – Whyne Fi Di Base appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK: There is a beautiful way that Kesha delivers the screeching high note near the end of “Praying,” the first single from her first album in five years, “Rainbow.”
It is not technically perfect, but musically, it is flawless. This is freedom.
The touching piano song — with lyrics like “no more monsters, I can breathe again” — showcases a newer, stronger Kesha. Though she has been singing for years, she is now truly saying something.
“Rainbow” is the 30-year-old's first time creating music commercially without her former collaborator and mentee, Dr. Luke. Since 2010, they have made countless Top 10 hits, from “TikTok” to “We are Who We are,” and also co-wrote songs together for Britney Spears and Miley Cyrus. Before that, Kesha sang background on tracks Dr. Luke produced for other artists.
The two have been at war, though, since Kesha claimed the producer drugged, sexually abused and psychologically tormented her. Dr. Luke is denying the allegations.
Some of the new songs, like “Praying” and opener “Bastards,” could be directed at Dr. Luke, but the album is more about Kesha, and her growth. Producers on “Rainbow” include Ricky Reed, Andrew Pearson and Ryan Lewis (from the rap duo with Macklemore).
“Hymn,” co-written with her mother Pebe Sebert, is irresistible and anthemic; “Learn to Let Go” is upbeat and punchy; and “Woman,” featuring The Dap-Kings Horns, is empowering and bouncy. The silly Kesha, who joked about brushing her teeth in Jack Daniel's, is still here, too, though the gimmick is gone. Overall, Kesha glows, and “Rainbow” is radiant.
NEW YORK: There is a beautiful way that Kesha delivers the screeching high note near the end of “Praying,” the first single from her first album in five years, “Rainbow.”
It is not technically perfect, but musically, it is flawless. This is freedom.
The touching piano song — with lyrics like “no more monsters, I can breathe again” — showcases a newer, stronger Kesha. Though she has been singing for years, she is now truly saying something.
“Rainbow” is the 30-year-old's first time creating music commercially without her former collaborator and mentee, Dr. Luke. Since 2010, they have made countless Top 10 hits, from “TikTok” to “We are Who We are,” and also co-wrote songs together for Britney Spears and Miley Cyrus. Before that, Kesha sang background on tracks Dr. Luke produced for other artists.
The two have been at war, though, since Kesha claimed the producer drugged, sexually abused and psychologically tormented her. Dr. Luke is denying the allegations.
Some of the new songs, like “Praying” and opener “Bastards,” could be directed at Dr. Luke, but the album is more about Kesha, and her growth. Producers on “Rainbow” include Ricky Reed, Andrew Pearson and Ryan Lewis (from the rap duo with Macklemore).
“Hymn,” co-written with her mother Pebe Sebert, is irresistible and anthemic; “Learn to Let Go” is upbeat and punchy; and “Woman,” featuring The Dap-Kings Horns, is empowering and bouncy. The silly Kesha, who joked about brushing her teeth in Jack Daniel's, is still here, too, though the gimmick is gone. Overall, Kesha glows, and “Rainbow” is radiant.
Video shows Assad calmly driving himself to site of civil war BEIRUT — Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving himself to the suburbs where his forces are battling rebels....
Mattis warns Syria over use of chemical weapons on civilians Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned Syria on Sunday that it would be “very unwise” for the regime to use chemical weapons against civilians in the war-torn country, but stopped short...
Video shows Syrian boy freed from rubble after airstrikes Dramatic video shows Syrian rescuers struggling to pull a boy out from under rubble after planes bombed eastern Ghouta. After a few tense moments, the dust-covered youngster is freed from...
Violence halts rare aid delivery to Syria's eastern Ghouta BEIRUT — The first aid delivery in weeks to reach the besieged eastern suburbs of Damascus was cut short after Syrian government forces began shelling the area while aid workers...
North Korea reportedly aiding chemical weapons production in Syria North Korea has been sending supplies to Syria that may be used to produce chemical weapons – and the rogue regime's missile experts have been seen working inside the country,...
Death tolls near 500 after week of strikes outside Damascus BEIRUT — A new wave of airstrikes and shelling on eastern suburbs of the Syrian capital Damascus left at least five people dead and more than a dozen wounded Saturday,...
World leaders call for end to violence in Syria after deadly raids BEIRUT — A new wave of deadly Syrian government bombardment in the opposition-held eastern suburbs of the capital, Damascus, on Thursday killed 13 people as world leaders and aid groups...
Syrian man holds child for last time after he's killed in airstrike A heartbreaking image has emerged showing a Syrian man holding onto to his dead child for the last time after an airstrike by Russian-backed government forces in the eastern Ghouta...
US-led airstrike in Syria hits Assad-backed troops BEIRUT — Syria's state media say the US-led coalition has bombed government-backed troops in eastern Syria, citing reports of dozens killed and wounded. The official state news agency SANA reported...
FAAC disburses N647.4bn in March
The Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) disbursed the sum of N647.4 billion to the three tiers of government in March 2018 from the revenue generated in February 2018, according to report from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) data. The amount disbursed comprised of N557.3billion from the Statutory Account, N89.5bn from Valued Added Tax (VAT)…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post FAAC disburses N647.4bn in March appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Rhondda Cynon Taf
Work is set to begin on a new pathway for walkers and cyclists along a disused railway line in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
The Llantrisant Community Route will run parallel to the A473 in Talbot Green.
The council has invested £50,000 for site clearance works which will include removing the old railway line to create a 6m (20ft) wide corridor.
Work will start by the end of August and take about five weeks.
Further construction work is expected to take place later in the year.
The council said it would, will work closely with contractors Alun Griffiths Ltd to minimise disruption to residents.
FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25. Richard Drew, File AP Photo
Judge who gave campaign advice to Hynes on bench joins law firm The former chief judge who resigned because he improperly gave campaign advice to former Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes while sitting on the bench has joined a top city law...
Judge removed for giving ex-DA political advice returns to bench The judge called out in a city probe of ex-District Attorney Charles Hynes for ​impropriety in giving Hynes political advice ​will be back on the bench in Queens next week...
Hynes' political advice search in violated ethics codes: DOI Under mounting pressure to answer charges of repeated wrongful prosecutions, then-Brooklyn DA Charles Hynes in 2013 turned to his closest political adviser — a sitting state Supreme Court justice and...
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Apple Pay fuels massive sales for vending machines Enough with the nickel-and-diming — Apple Pay is a hit at vending machines. Apple's mobile payments platform goosed sales dramatically when advertised at snack food machines — as well as...
Oh, yes! New 'buy' buttons to bring mobile shopping orgy Feeling dirty after that last shopping binge, or happy and satisfied? Whatever the answer, your smartphone could soon take it to a whole new level. A tide of so-called buy...
Google partners with wireless carriers to counter Apple Pay Google Inc. has partnered with several large US wireless carriers to pre-install its electronic payment service on phones, as the companies seek to counter Apple Inc.'s recent entry into the...
CVS rejects Apple Pay service First cigarettes — and now Apple. Drugstore giant CVS abruptly did an about-face and began rejecting the new Apple Pay service a week after its launch, sparking what threatens to...
Apple Pay has OK first day Apple's new mobile payment system launched without a glitch on Monday — but don't shred your credit cards just yet. The service, which lets folks pay for stuff with the...
Apple Pay business won't be built in a day While Apple Pay promises to revolutionize purchasing, it will take longer for consumer adoption to catch up to the hype. Given the relatively small user base with access to the...
Apple Pay, new iPads unveiled Apple Inc. introduced a faster, slimmer iPad Air 2 on Thursday, tacking on modest improvements such as a fingerprint sensor to its mainstay tablet in time for what is expected...
Cooperman's investment in Monitise tumbles due to Apple Pay One of the hedge fund industry's senior managers has been bitten in the assets by Apple. Leon Cooperman, who has run Omega Advisors for 23 years, saw his investment in...
Apple Pays a win-win for Icahn Follow the money is an axiom that works in both journalism and finance. This week, Apple followed the money by announcing its Apple Pay payment business. Follow the money trail...
PETOSKEY, Mich. — A northern Michigan woman has been sentenced up to 22 1/2 years in prison for suffocating her infant daughter, her second criminal case in the death of a child.
The Petoskey News-Review reports 32-year-old Lisa Rae Bryan learned her punishment on Tuesday in Emmet County Circuit Court.
Bryan last month pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. She was charged with second-degree murder in the 2016 death of her daughter, Isabella.
Bryan admitted that she was sleeping with Isabella close to her chest when the child died just weeks after birth.
In 2010, another infant died in Tulsa, Oklahoma, while Bryan was taking a bath with her. She served slightly more than a year in prison for second-degree manslaughter.
——
Information from: Petoskey News-Review, http://www.petoskeynews.com
BERLIN — Scientists say they're several steps closer to perfecting a method for saving the northern white rhino from extinction.
Writing in the journal Nature Communications, researchers said Wednesday they've succeeded in creating embryos using frozen northern white rhino sperm and eggs from a southern white rhino.
It's the first time such hybrid embryos have been created, and the scientists from Europe and the United States hope it will provide a pathway to saving the northern white rhino sub-species, of which only two females remain.
They plan to harvest the females' egg cells soon and produce “pure” northern white rhinos to be borne by a southern white surrogate in three years. They're also working on a second method that would see sperm and eggs produced from preserved cells of northern white rhinos.
LONDON: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang may have to wait for his Arsenal debut after the big-money signing missed training on Friday due to illness.The Gabon striker joined the Gunners from Borussia Dortmund in a £56 million ($79 million) switch on transfer-deadline day to inject some much-needed hope to the Arsenal faithful who have seen their side slide to sixth in the Premier League table, a full eight points off a top-four spot.But they may have to wait to see their new hero in action after Arsene Wenger revealed the 28-year-old had been laid low by a bug and could miss today's clash against Everton.“Aubameyang was sick, so we will assess him,” the Arsenal coach said. “He had a fever so he could not practice a lot. He started yesterday, was still not completely well. I have to assess with the medical department how fit he can be.”Wenger revealed that he would take a late call on midfielder Jack Wilshere, who is also unwell.“We hope he is capable of being in the squad, he is better. He will practice with the team today and we will see how he feels,” Wenger said.Arsenal are hoping Aubameyang can reignite his prolific partnership with former Dortmund teammate Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who also joined from Manchester United last month as part of the deal that took Alexis Sanchez to Old Trafford.But while Aubameyang may miss out Mkhitaryan is in line to start against ninth-placed Everton.
Review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Law 1957 recieves approval by the Olubadan of Ibadan
The governor's proposed review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Law 1957 by the Oyo State governor Abiola Ajimobi received the blessings of the Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji, and the members of the Olubadan-in-Council. The proposal had caused controversy since it was announced by the governor, with the Otun Olubadan, Senator Lekan Balogun, and …
The post Review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Law 1957 recieves approval by the Olubadan of Ibadan appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In this week's Leinster Leader Sport
Forty-page Punchestown Supplement Special, with news, views, interviews, tips, a look ahead, a look back; fashion tips and much much more.
Minor hurlers give it their all but bow out to Offaly.
Confident Kildare take on Mayo in opening round of the Christy Ring.
Lilies Lady Minors crash out to Dublin
Minor footballers open their championship campaign.
Opening round of the senior, intermediate and junior football championship draw.
SFL round-up.
Derry pip Kildare in camogie league semi final.
All the weeek's GAA club results, fixtures and SFL tables.
Rugby: Naas win secures home draw in the AIL play-off
Good wins for Leinster and Naas (Dermot O'Mahoney).
Results from the Fairways, plus The Gofd Doctor (Gavin Lunny) weekly tip.
Picture Golf Special from Kildare GAA Development Squads annual golf scramble fund raiser.
A look back on three of the best battles National Hunt has ever witnessed (Robert Catterson).
KDFL three page special including Focus on CR Wynne Senior Division; Team of the Week.
Close finish but Caragh keep on top of Naas.
Another win for Monread as they outclass Coill Dubh,
Plus all the results, fixtures, tables and Noticeboard from the KDFL.
Obama to deliver farewell address in Chicago on January 10
U.S. President Barack Obama will deliver a farewell address on Jan. 10 to reflect on his time in office and say thank you to his supporters, he said in an email statement released on Monday. Obama, noting that the first president of the United States, George Washington, had penned a farewell address in 1796, said…
This content is for Standard Digital Monthly Subscription, Premium Digital Monthly Subscription, Standard Digital Yearly Subscription, Premium Digital Yearly Subscription, WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL and 30-Day Corporate Subscription members only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Obama to deliver farewell address in Chicago on January 10 appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Some neighborhoods in the Miami area will get some new mosquitoes in the coming days.
Officials hope the new imports, all males, will rush to mate with female mosquitoes already in the area. The goal is to reduce the mosquito population.
The new mosquitoes carry bacteria that make them produce dud eggs. Over time, studies have shown they can help shrink the mosquito population in small areas.
“The Wolbachia male mosquitos do not bite or blood feed and are incapable of transmitting diseases,” the City of South Miami said in a statement.
Related: Sterile mosquitoes released near Florida Keys
“The released male mosquitoes mate with the female mosquitoes. The resulting eggs do not hatch, which can reduce the mosquito population that can transmit mosquito-borne viruses.”
The mosquitoes are bred by a company called MosquitoMate, formed to commercialize research done at the University of Kentucky.
“MosquitoMate male mosquitoes are not genetically modified. Instead, the MosquitoMate method relies on Wolbachia, which is a naturally occurring bacterium present in up to 60 percent of all the different species of insects around us, including some mosquitoes,” the company said in a statement.
“It is not infectious and cannot be transmitted to any warm-blooded animals or humans.”
While some insects naturally host the bacteria, mosquitoes do not. This program targets Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, which spread Zika, dengue, yellow fever and other viruses.
The approach has helped control mosquitoes elsewhere.
Related: Infected mosquitoes can't transmit Zika
“MosquitoMate has completed successful trials in Kentucky, California, and New York,” the company said.
“Trials have shown significant reduction in the female Aedes aegypti mosquito population. The released male mosquitoes only mate with the females of the same species (Aedes aegypti) so there is no effect on other mosquito species.”
South Miami will start out with a trial, comparing one neighborhood to another.
“The program will designate a one-half-square-mile treatment area and a similarly-sized control area within the City of South Miami,” the city said.
Miami is one of the areas that's a permanent home to Aedes aegypti. South Florida and South Texas both had home-grown outbreaks of Zika, which causes severe birth defects if pregnant women catch it.
The Wolbachia mosquito project is among several ways scientists are working to change mosquitoes so they transmit less disease.
Quietly, Chandler Catanzaro had been waiting for his first moment.
Sure, he beat out Ross Martin in a tight training camp competition to win the Jets kicking job after he had been released by the Cardinals following three productive years. But when you're a newcomer to a team, you crave that first moment that allows you to truly feel like you belong.
Catanzaro got that moment Sunday at MetLife Stadium in the form of the 41-yard field goal with 28 seconds remaining in overtime to give the Jets a 23-20 win over the Jaguars.
When, entering what's looming as a close game against the 0-4 Browns on Sunday in Cleveland, it was suggested to Catanzaro by The Post on Friday that he was now a made man on the team after making that game-winner, he winced.
“No,'' he said, wanting no part of any bravado. “As a kicker you're only as good as your last kick. This is my fourth year doing this and kicking can be a very humbling job. I had my moment on Sunday. Then I woke up Monday morning to come back to work. You can't get too high or too low in this business — especially with my job.''
The 26-year-old Catanzaro described his game-winning kick as “a period at the end of a sentence.''
“The game was a long sentence, and it all came down to that moment at the end,'' he said. “I'm just glad I came through for those guys. It was a cool moment. Kicking wasn't very fun for me for a little bit.''
The Jets took a calculated risk not re-signing incumbent Nick Folk for an eighth year with the team. In his seven seasons, Folk was nothing if not dependable, making 175 of 213 field goals and 204 of 206 extra points.
Catanzaro came with a less expensive price tag and the Jets were in full rebuilding mode, so Folk signed as a free agent with the Buccaneers.
It surely was not lost on the Jets or Catanzaro that Folk missed three field goals Thursday night in Tampa Bay's 19-14 loss to the Patriots. His third miss was a 31-yarder with 5:39 remaining in the game with the Bucs trailing 16-7.
“Nick is that same kicker that drained all those clutch kicks here for many years,'' Catanzaro said. “I know he'll bounce back.''
Catanzaro, who thought he would end his career with Arizona, knows a thing or two about bouncing back. After being as dependable for the Cardinals as Folk had been for the Jets, Catanzaro struggled at times in 2016 and was released.
He won two games for the Cardinals last season, kicking last-second field goals to beat the 49ers and Seahawks, but his field-goal percentage dipped to 75 percent, and that's not good enough in today's NFL.
Kicking is the loneliest job in the sport.
Was Catanzaro's confidence shaken by his release from Arizona?
“You can't let it affect you,'' he said. “You've got to always believe in your talent or else nobody else will. But it was tough. I'm not going to lie. I didn't have my best year by any means, but I didn't take if personally. My mentality is a next-kick mentality.''
That mentality paid off Sunday against the Jaguars after he had missed a 45-yarder earlier in the game before kicking the game winner.
Catanzaro has made 9-of-11 field goal attempts for the Jets and all six extra points.
“For him to rebound and to have the kind of year that he's having … he's having a pretty damn good year,'' Jets special teams coach Brant Boyer said.
The Jets, whose offense never will be confused with the “Greatest Show on Turf,'' figure to be in a lot of close games this season. It would be a surprise if Sunday's game isn't decided late. So Catanzaro figures to have a say in quite a few games this season — just as he did against the Jags.
Alone in his hotel room the night before games, Catanzaro visualizes what he thinks — hopes — will happen in the game. It's an exercise he learned from Hall of Fame kicker Morten Andersen, who has mentored him since Catanzaro was in college at Clemson and sought help in the form of a private clinic.
“Every Saturday night I visualize kicks splitting the uprights,'' he said.
Like that 41-yard game-winner he nailed Sunday to put the period at the end of the sentence at MetLife.
“It was a big moment for me, a big kick for sure, and gives me some confidence going forward,'' Catanzaro said. “I've been in these moments before, and both succeeded and failed. But it always feels good to come through in that moment. I'm thankful that it went through — especially for these guys on the team that worked their tails off the whole game.
“It was a team victory, it wasn't one man's victory.''
TAMPA — This is why Greg Bird will not be stopped.
The biggest setback in Bird's career has become his biggest strength.
“The things I learned over last summer, baseball and life is all experiences,'' Bird told The Post on Friday at George M. Steinbrenner Field about coming back from a torn right shoulder labrum. “I've never really wanted to take a year off from baseball. But not to be able to really do baseball, and much else, so early in my career was extremely difficult for me.
“I had a hard time sometimes — even talking.
“You don't always get what you want,'' Bird said.
Sometimes, well, you might find you get what you need.
Does Bird feel he became a better ballplayer as a result of going through shoulder surgery and intensive rehab?
“I do,'' he said. “I told my mom that the other day, I said, ‘I didn't play at all, and everybody talks about at-bats, but I feel better than I was before. Physically and mentally.' ”
There's more.
“And you become a better person,'' said Bird, who is already rock solid at the age of 24 and is one of the young Yankees leaders, part of the new core four in the making. “If you handle it the right way and get something out of it.''
And the magic came back in his swing just this week. Bird had been dealing with this shoulder injury since May 2015.
“In early 2015, I was trying to hit the way I hit and I couldn't,'' he said. “I'm a big feel guy and I couldn't feel what I wanted to feel. I tried different bats and different things.''
Your browser does not support iframes.
Bird wasn't quite right even though he came up to the Yankees in mid-August and produced, batting .261 with nine doubles and 11 home runs over 46 games, leading the club in home runs over that span.
His surgery took place on Feb. 2, 2016. He rehabbed to regain strength, but he had to regain the lost feel of his swing. It wasn't there during his stint in the Arizona Fall League.
“But four or five days ago, I got in the cage and got the work in that I wanted to get in and the feel was back,'' Bird said. “I found what I was looking for so long. The shoulder is stable and strong and the feel in my swing is back. It was just so cool to me, I don't know what else to say, it's really awesome to feel that way again.''
Witness his three home runs, including a booming one in his last game Thursday night. No player, heading into Friday, had hit more home runs this spring.
There is life again in his sweet left-handed swing. He has learned the greatest baseball lesson of all.
“I learned patience and staying within the day, that's a big lesson to learn in baseball,'' Bird said. “It's a lesson in a lot of different things, level-headedness, modesty, it can change quickly.
“I don't recommend it to anyone, but this is really going to serve me well going forward as far as my career. It was a crash course in not being able to do it so suddenly.''
Sitting out the 2016 season was so difficult and it hit him hard that last day of spring training.
“They were all leaving and I wasn't,'' he said. “I wanted to be so bad.''
Now there is a freshness to life.
“I can go home at night and I can live my life, I wake up in morning and I can go to the field knowing that I can do what I need to do and want to do that day so that is just like a weight off my shoulders and a really cool one,'' Bird said.
“Normal wasn't normal for a long time. This is just awesome. Everybody asks me about results, but the fact that I can go home and wake up in the morning and do the things I do is like hallelujah to me because I didn't have it.''
Greg Bird has it all going now.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Shiori Ito accused a high-profile journalist of raping her in 2015
In the space of a fortnight in Japan, a model accused a renowned photographer of exploitation and two top officials resigned over sex scandals. This has re-ignited the #MeToo debate in a country which has been reluctant to acknowledge it as a hard reality for women, as the BBC's Sakiko Shiraishi reports.
In Japan, where the spectre of public censure looms large, it is unsurprising that women are often discouraged from speaking out. A US state department human rights report notes that sexual harassment in the workplace remains "widespread".
But in the space of just a few weeks a spate of allegations has led to public figures being shamed, top officials resigning and also a backlash against the women behind the claims.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Junichi Fukuda has resigned but denies all allegations against him
By far the biggest scalp claimed was that of Junichi Fukuda, the top bureaucrat in Japan's finance ministry who is accused of sexually harassing a female journalist by making suggestive comments to her. Mr Fukuda resigned last week but denies the allegations and has said he will sue the magazine that made the revelations for defamation.
Following his resignation, TV Asahi said one of its reporters had been the victim of harassment by Mr Fukuda and said it would lodge a protest with the finance ministry.
Suffering in silence
But perhaps most interesting is how all the institutions involved responded.
The finance ministry called on female reporters to step forward to co-operate with fact-finding, a gesture widely criticised, including by Seiko Noda, Japan's minister in charge of female empowerment, as tantamount to pressuring victims to stand up in front of those who allegedly harassed them.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Seiko Noda, the minister for women's empowerment, has criticised the ministry's request
Most telling is how the female reporter's own employer responded to her allegations. Hiroshi Shinozuka, the head of TV Asahi's network news division, explained she had taken her story to the magazine after being advised against reporting it.
"We are doing some deep soul-searching as regards our inability to respond appropriately despite receiving information that one of our employees had been sexually harassed," said Mr Shinozuka, who said the main concern was her emotional state.
Before Mr Fukuda's resignation, Japan's Newspaper Workers' Union issued a blistering statement.
"Female reporters have had to suffer silently, despite being subjected to humiliating and mortifying treatment… When a reporter accuses an interviewee of sexual harassment, the media company must respond immediately and adamantly to protect the human rights of the reporter as well as protect the safety of their working environment."
But the reporter has also seen a significant backlash on social media and among celebrities. Many criticised the reporter for handing in the recorded interview to the magazine.
On Sunday, an influential comedian, Hitoshi Matsumoto, queried why TV Asahi had allowed a female reporter to continue covering Mr Fukuda if they knew he was sexually harassing her.
"If they made her go against her will, isn't that power harassment? And if she kept going for a year because she was keen on it, then wasn't it a honey trap?"
The photographer and a muse
The reporter's allegations came shortly after another model, known as KaoRi, dropped a bombshell on Japan's world of photography.
She posted a blog about her time with Nobuyoshi Araki, one of Japan's most celebrated erotic photographers, in which she accused him of both financial and artistic exploitation, having her pose nude in front of other people, and questioned how images of her had been used. She does not accuse him of any sexual misconduct.
Mr Araki, best known for exploring the boundary between pornography and art, is not new to controversy, having been accused of creating images that demeaned women and essentially of creating sexist art, a charge that he dismisses as a simplistic interpretation of his work.
His photography certainly embraces nudity but also depicts explicit scenes of bondage, typically showing women bound and suspended in the air. KaoRi became known as his "muse" and features in many of his photos tied up or nude.
She stopped working with him in 2016 but said that the MeToo movement had encouraged her to share her experience.
KaoRi said she worked without a contract, was forced to take part in explicit shoots in front of strangers, was not regularly paid and that her nude images were often used without her consent.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Araki, pictured here at a reception in Tokyo in 2008, is no stranger to controversy
She claims that when she objected to the use of her image for commercial gain, she was shut down and that the entire experience led to considerable trauma and ill health.
Although she did not accuse him of sexual misconduct, the allegations have raised questions once again about the relationship between an artist and so-called "muse" and the idea that art may have an impact on questions of consent.
KaoRi has told the BBC that in a telephone conversation with her, Mr Araki has denied all of her allegations.
The vast majority of Mr Araki's models appear to have been more than happy to take part in the shoots, but one model did share a Facebook post which accused Mr Araki of behaving inappropriately during a photo shoot, an experience which she told the BBC made her panic.
She said that during one uncomfortable incident, witnesses, including editors from a publisher, were there but no one thought to intervene.
Despite her strong distrust of Japan's art and publishing industry, she found some support after posting about her experiences on Facebook.
The photographer has not commented publicly on any of the allegations nor has he responded to further requests for comment from the BBC.
'Taught not to say no'
But neither of the women have received much coverage or public support with their claims.
Kazuko Ito, a lawyer vocal about the MeToo movement in Japan, said Japan's law against sexual exploitation is way behind other developed countries. Sex crime laws were amended last June after 110 years but for her the problem runs much deeper.
"Lack of legal protection, combined with cultural pressure to accept and bear one's hardship, make young women vulnerable.
"Japanese people are taught not to say NO," she added, saying that it is almost as if people are hardwired not to refuse unfair demands.
"What they need is solidarity across industries and societies. That will encourage more people to speak up."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The MeToo movement has been slow to pick up in Japan, unlike in Korea where it has rapidly gained movement
She also represents one woman who did come forward with her story of sexual assault, one that elicited a notably ambiguous response.
In a case notable for its rarity, Shiori Ito accused a high profile journalist of drugging and raping her. After a police investigation was dropped, she took the unusual step of going public with her allegations - and has opened a civil lawsuit against the man.
But for her too, initially, there was a deafening silence in response to her allegations, from both women and men, when she first voiced them.
One high-profile actress was notable for speaking out on behalf of KaoRi, lauding her courage. Kiko Mizuhara wrote on Instagram: "My heart ached with thinking how much pain KaoRi has endured for such a long time. I appreciate her courage to share this story.
"Models are not things. Women are not sex tools. We are all human. We should never forget sympathising each other."
Additional reporting by the BBC's Yuko Kato in Tokyo.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Hundreds of homes in the New Zealand city of Christchurch have been evacuated as wildfires threaten some suburbs.
Selwyn Mayor Sam Broughton tells The Associated Press he's planning to declare a state of emergency, as was the mayor of adjacent Christchurch. He says changing winds have made the fires unpredictable.
Displaced residents are staying at evacuation centers or with relatives.
A helicopter pilot died in a crash Tuesday while fighting the blaze.
The New Zealand military on Wednesday revealed the pilot, Corporal David Steven Askin, was a soldier who had won one of the country's top awards for bravery in Afghanistan. A member of the elite Special Air Service, Askin's identity was kept secret at the time he won the Gallantry Star medal.
Photo
The first time Donald J. Trump visited New York City as president, in May, his schedule called for a public appearance, a meeting at the Peninsula hotel and a stay at his penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue. He ended up staying only about four hours. And he never stepped foot inside his Manhattan home.
Mr. Trump's second trip was to begin on Sunday and last four days, during which he would at last sleep in his own bed. But his trip keeps getting shorter.
For the time being, he is scheduled to arrive at 8:45 p.m. Monday by helicopter, landing at a Wall Street heliport and then heading to his home. When at last inside his triplex at the top of Trump Tower, he is scheduled to have a phone conversation with Shinzo Abe, the prime minister of Japan, at 9:30 p.m., according to a schedule issued by the White House.
Mr. Trump plans to remain in Manhattan until Wednesday, when he travels to his country club in Bedminster, N.J.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even before he arrives, anti-Trump groups have announced plans for at least three protests that will converge on Trump Tower. After a protest by white nationalists in Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday erupted into violence and led to a deadly car rampage, concerns have escalated over what Mr. Trump's arrival in New York might provoke.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“There's no finer police department in the world when it comes to protecting the right to protest and ensuring the safety of all,” Austin Finan, a spokesman for Mayor Bill de Blasio, said in an email. “The N.Y.P.D. can handle it.”
Sankhali: Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar inaugurated a government school building at Surla, constructed by GSIDC at the cost of over Rs 4 crore.Speaking on the occasion, Parsekar said the government, inspite of financial problems, has laid thrust on education. “We have invested crores of rupees in educational sector and will do everything to build the future of our students who are going to be the pillars of the society,” he said.He informed that the government has built five new government college buildings, repaired 300 schools and also constructed 14 new school buildings, ensured development in all 40 constituencies without any discrimination. He said the government has fulfilled most promises in last 5 years and succeeded in providing good governance in the state.
MLA Pramod Sawant said the government is keen on giving boost to local languages-Marathi and Konkani and “we are working hard to promote quality education in the state.” He said the opposition was making unnecessary criticism.
He urged students, teachers and parents to make good use of the infrastructure and facilities provided to them by the government.Krishna Gaude, sarpanch of Surla panchayat, Manisha Ghadi, deputy sarpanch, Sandeep Chodankar, manager of GSIDC, Ramkrishna Samant, deputy director of Education department, Pooja Naik, headmistress of Bhile high school, Ganesh Bhanye and other panchayat members were among those who were present on the occasion.Headmistress of Bhile high school Pooja Naik welcomed the gathering, Nutan Govekar compared and Kripsina D'Silva proposed the vote of thanks. [NT]
The Greenfield Police Department has released the following information:
March 16
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Desiree Childs, 23, Greenfield, was arrested for contempt of court.
Joshua Howard, 36, Chillicothe, was arrested for failure to appear.
Lowell Riffle Jr., 23, Greenfield, was arrested for disorderly conduct.
Walker Riffle, 19, Chillicothe, was arrested for underage consumption, persistent disorderly conduct, and obstructing.
March 17
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Levi Arledge, 29, Frankfort, was arrested for failure to appear.
March 18
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Leigh Bennett, 34, Greenfield, was arrested for operating a motor vehicle under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol, reckless operation of a motor
vehicle, and possession of drug paraphernalia.
FEC okays $188.807m, N8.576b road, power, port projects
THE Federal Executive Council (FEC) yesterday approved $188.807 million and N8.576 billion for some road, power and port projects.
The approvals included reimbursement of N7.943 billion to Kwara State for construction of Kayamakishe road.
Afam Power Plant was approved for $186.6 million.
The contract for the substation of the Afam plant is $2.207 million for the offshore components and N133.184 million for the local components.
The council also approved N500 million for completion of Baro River Port.
Briefing State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, said for the road project, Kwara applied to be allowed to construct the road and be refunded in the future.
He was with Minister of Finance Mrs Kemi Adeosun, Minister of Transportation RotimiAmaechi and Minister of Information Lai Mohammed.
He said: “FEC gave approval for the reimbursement of Kwara State government to undertake the construction of the Kayamakishe road which is a road that serves the Agricultural belt that produces Agro Product between Oyo and Kwara state.
“So Kwara State has applied to be allowed to take that road on the basis that they will be refunded at sometime in the future. We have actually received anticipatory approval from Mr. President and Council has ratified that approval for them to continue. The road contract is N7.943billion
“The other one is consistent with infrastructure development in the country is the memo for the Afam emergency fast power which is part of the ministry's roadmap for incremental power to the grid. Council ratified the earlier approval given for GE to undertake that project so that we can complete 240megawatt (Mw) of emergency power through 830Mw turbines this year.
“Council also approved the contract for the construction and rehabilitation of the sub-station to enable the evacuation of the power, once the turbines are installed. The total package for the Afam power plant is $186.6million and the contract for the substation is $2.207 million for the components that are offshore and N133.184 million for the local components.” he said
Mrs Adeosun said the Council gave the Ministry permission to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
She said:“In simple language, this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection.
“One of the means by which major companies evade is a practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to a country that has little or no tax.
“So really the country in which profit was generated doesn't get tax, they go and declare those profits in a country that has very low tax.
“There is a contact among the G20 countries and the OECD to end this and Nigeria was part of those who negotiated this convention and today Council gave us permission to go and sign the conventions.
“What that convention would mean is that where we have existing bilateral tax treaties, like Nigeria already has some tax treaties with certain countries which actually are not in our favour and I gave example to Council. For example we sign a treaty with a particular country that says their national carrier will not pay tax in Nigeria and in exchange Nigeria's national carrier will not pay tax in their country but as you know Nigeria does not have a national carrier, so that type of arrangement is adverse to Nigeria.
The post FEC okays $188.807m, N8.576b road, power, port projects appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Exxon aims to boost production even with any climate rules
Exxon aims to boost production even with any climate rules
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Exxon's CEO says the company can more than double its earnings by 2025 and will invest in new oil and gas production even if policymakers adopt rules to combat climate change.
Michael Rutter tells BBC Sport NI's Andy Gray that he still has the hunger to add to his current tally of 14 North West 200 wins when he competes at the first international event of the season over the Triangle circuit in May.
Rutter bridged a five-year gap without a victory by winning one of the Supertwins races at last year's meeting.
Share
Well, the stat-inclined nerds won that war a long time ago. These days, the teams that aren't using every scrap of data available to them are lagging mightily in the arms' race of information. Case in point: The Minnesota Twins this week became the latest MLB team to adopt Blast Motion sensors and apps throughout all levels of its organization. Blast Motion brings real-time swing analytics to in-game data capture for postgame analysis.
“As a native Minnesotan and lifelong Twins fan, being able to provide solutions and insights to help a great organization become even better is extremely exciting,” Roger Weingarth, Blast Motion president and chief operating officer, said in a statement. “Through our work with the majority of the MLB teams, we've seen the positive impact that Blast information has had, and I can't wait to see the benefits it will bring to the Twins. This is going to be a great season for baseball fans.”
CEO Michael Fitzpatrick told Sports Techie that more than half of MLB teams uses Blast Motion — the league's official bat sensor — but the Twins and Houston Astros are the only teams who have publicly acknowledged its use to date. The sensors can be attached to either end of the bat, though their use is prohibited during games. In addition to MLB teams, Blast Motion technology is expanding to collegiate programs, elite travel teams, high schools, and baseball academies to help measure improvement through objective swing data, video and 3D visualizations, advanced insights, and personalized performance reports.
So if you're looking to obtain some objective information on your swing — because maybe your coach could never catch up to a 90mph fastball — the Blast Baseball mobile app and sensor can be purchased for $150. The Carlsbad, California, company also offers cloud services, providing players and coaches with advanced features. Premium package subscriptions are available to players for $60 per year and coaches for $100 per year.
Volkswagen has suspended the head of its sustainability unit, the first senior executive to be held responsible for a test program in which live monkeys were exposed to exhaust fumes from diesel vehicles to measure the health impact.
Thomas Steg, who previously worked for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, was relieved of his duties several days after the test program was revealed in a report by the New York Times. The reports have rocked the German auto industry, as well as Aachen University which confirmed a separate program in which human volunteers were exposed to low levels of smog-causing oxides of nitrogen. Both studies threaten to not only tarnish the reputations of Germany's three main automakers: Volkswagen, BMW and Daimler-AG, but also increase scrutiny of diesel-powered vehicles.
“I will do everything possible to ensure that this matter is investigated in detail,” Volkswagen supervisory board Chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch said in a statement on Monday. “Whoever is responsible for this must of course be held responsible,” Poetsch added.
The monkey tests were sponsored by the European Research Group on Environment and Health in the Transport Sector, or EUGT, and were intended to minimize concerns about diesel emissions. They were authorized shortly before the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced in September of that year that Volkswagen had used a “defeat device” to rig diesel emissions tests.
The automaker subsequently acknowledged the scheme which involved both its 2.0 and 3.0-liter turbodiesel engines. They were used in over 11 million vehicles worldwide, include more than 500,000 sold in the U.S. VW has since ordered numerous recalls, agreed to buy back the vehicles sold in the U.S. that it can't fix, and has agreed to pay about $30 billion in fines, penalties and settlements.
Other automakers have come under a cloud of suspicion, critics contending at least some manufacturers – including Euro-American Fiat-Chrysler Automobiles – have relied on similar methods to pass emissions tests in the U.S. and Europe. Since the VW scandal erupted sales of diesel vehicles have plunged in many parts of the world, and especially in Europe where so-called “oil burners” had previously accounted for as much as half of the new vehicle market.
VW, which has pledged to address ethical lapses, said earlier this week that it had identified several company managers who were involved in, or at least aware of, the monkey tests. Steg is the first to be identified by name. According to reports from Germany, Steg knew about the planned study as early as 2013.
VW said it was launching an internal investigation, as did Daimler, the parent of Mercedes-Benz, the latter maker proising to “clarify” how the study was approved. “Daimler does neither tolerate nor support unethical treatment of animals. The animal experiments in the study are superfluous and repulsive.” For its part, BMW tried to distance itself, insisting it “did not participate,” and that it “does not carry out any animal experiments.”
TThe study exposed 10 cynomolgus macaque monkeys monkeys to fumes that were pumped into a sealed chamber. The tests were carried out in May 2015 by the New Mexico-based LLovelace Respiratory Research Institute involved. Ironically, one of the vehicles used in the test was reported to be a Volkswagen Beetle equipped with the 2.0-liter diesel later found to have been rigged.
“There is nothing fair about condemning these complex, sensitive animals to suffer physical suffering and psychological torment in laboratories where they are caged and deprived of fresh air, sunshine, freedom of movement, the companionship of others, and just about everything else that makes any life worth living,” Harald Ullmann, a PETA vice president, wrote in a letter to Volkswagen CEO Matthias Müller after the testing was revealed.
There had been some concern that the automakers had also exposed human volunteers to the diesel exhaust fumes, as some initial stories following up on the NY Times report had suggested.
The research hospital at Germany's Aachen University subsequently confirmed that it did carry out separate tests for the EUGT to study the effect of nitrogen dioxide, another exhaust gas fume, but not diesel emissions in 2013 and 2014. The University said the 25 volunteers were exposed to the gas for three hours at levels below the limits for a workplace.
That did little to appease critics, and to some raised the specter of the horrific medical tests conducted by the Nazis during World War II.
“These tests on monkeys or even people are in no ethical way justifiable and raise many critical questions about those who are behind the tests,” German government spokesman Steffen Seibert said during a news conference in Berlin.
Lamb carcasses dumped in Powys have prompted worries over human and animal health.
An investigation has been launched following the discovery of the animals in a field in the Brecon area.
The dumping of carcasses is illegal under the Animal By-Products Regulations 2014, which are designed to protect the human food chain.
Farmers have been warned that they must follow the rules when it comes to disposing of their animals.
Councillor James Evans, cabinet member for trading standards at Powys council, said: "We take these matters very seriously because of the disease risks involved.
"If farmers do not follow these regulations then we will investigate and take the appropriate action."
Trading standards are appealing for any information about the incident.
SAN MARCOS, Texas — Griffin Kinney scored 17 points with seven rebounds and Appalachian State upended Texas State 59-56 on Saturday night.
The Mountaineers (10-15, 5-7 Sun Belt Conference) trailed by one at intermission, but they stayed close early in the second half when a Kinney layup tied it 49-all with 7:35 to play. Shelby Adams's jumper gave Texas State a 54-53 lead with 4:32 remaining. The Bobcats (14-11, 7-5) did not score a field goal after that as Kinney, Craig Hinton, Justin Forrest and Tyrell Johnson each made a single foul shot in the stretch to give the Mountaineers the edge.
Ronshad Shabazz added 15 points for Appalachian State. Forrest had eight points.
Nijal Pearson scored 14 points with four rebounds for the Bobcats, who have lost three straight. Tyler Blount added 10 points.
Video
The Irish prime minister, Leo Varadkar, says the St Patrick's Guild adoption papers scandal is another dark chapter in Irish history.
He says the people affected have a right to know the truth.
He's back! It's been nearly 16 years since Tony Almeida first graced TV screens in “24” — along the way losing his wife and unborn child, briefly dying, coming back...
The “24” clock is ticking again — this time without Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer. In “24: Legacy” — the next iteration of the real-time thriller — our hero is Eric...
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
THE LIMERICK teenager arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of 23-year-old Jamie Higgins has been released without charge, gardai have confirmed.
The 19-year-old was arrested shortly after Jamie was pronounced dead at University Hospital Limerick, following an altercation at the Shannon Knights nightclub in Shannon.
It is understood that Jamie was the father of a young child.
Another man, aged in his 20s, was taken to UHL for treatment of injuries that are understood to not be life threatening.
In a statement this Monday afternoon, An Garda Siochana stated: “A 19 year-old man arrested in connection with the death of a 23 year old man on March 18th in Shannon, Co. Clare, has been released without charge and a file will be prepared for the Director of Public Prosecutions.”
Tributes have been pouring in to the former Crescent College Comprehensive student, who was from Dooradoyle.
One person wrote on Facebook: “This world is just getting too cruel the memories will never be forgotten.”
Gardai have confirmed they are looking to locate the driver of a vehicle who left the scene of a serious road collision in County Limerick.
A number of people, including two children, were taken to University Hospital Limerick (UHL) following the accident which happened near Askeaton shortly after 4pm on Tuesday.
A stretch of the N69 was closed to traffic for several hours as emergency services attended the scene.
None of those who were hospitalised sustained serious injuries.
A spokesperson for the Garda Press Office has confirmed the driver of one of the vehicles failed to remain at the scene of the collision which happened at Wallace's Cross on the Limerick side of the village.
Gardai at Newcastle West are investigating and can be contacted at (069) 20650.
The sun sets as seen from the Anzac Cove beach in Gallipoli peninsula, Turkey, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, the night before Anzac Day commemoration events. Anzac Cove is a small cove on the Gallipoli peninsula and the site of World War I landing of the ANZACs
Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) on April, 25, 1915. The doomed Allied offensive to secure a naval route from the Mediterranean to Istanbul through the Dardanelles, and take the Ottomans out of the war, resulted in over 130,000 deaths on both sides.
If Mark Cuban doesn't find it funny, he's using his influence to try to force you into swallowing your laughter. Bleacher Report learned that lesson after Friday's sarcastic tweet featuring Dirk Nowitzki air-balling a 3-pointer,...
Two Mark Cuban certainties: He supports his guys, and he has powerful friends. The folks at sports news website Bleacher Report were reminded of both these things the hard way Friday...
Patrick Reed didn't win his first major title, but a runner-up finish at the PGA Championship was a big step toward ensuring a spot on the U.S. Presidents Cup team this fall.
Reed tied for second at Quail Hollow, finishing two shots behind Justin Thomas for his first career top-10 finish in a major. He entered the week ranked No. 11 in the American points race, with 10 automatic qualifying spots up for grabs, but his performance jumped him past Charley Hoffman and Kevin Chappell into the No. 9 slot.
Reed went 1-2-1 in his Presidents Cup debut two years ago in Incheon, South Korea.
Phil Mickelson remans No. 17 after a missed cut at the PGA. Mickelson has played on every U.S. Presidents Cup team since the event's inception in 1994.
The automatic qualifiers will be finalized on Sept. 4 after the Dell Technologies Championship, with captain Steve Stricker then adding two picks to round out the 12-man roster. Here's a look at the latest U.S. standings:
1. Dustin Johnson
2. Jordan Spieth
3. Justin Thomas
4. Daniel Berger
5. Rickie Fowler
6. Brooks Koepka
7. Kevin Kisner
8. Matt Kuchar
9. Patrick Reed
10. Charley Hoffman
---
11. Kevin Chappell
12. Brian Harman
13. Jason Dufner
14. Gary Woodland
15. Brandt Snedeker
Here's a look at the latest standings for the International squad, which is based off the Official World Golf Rankings and will include 10 qualifiers on Sept. 4 plus two picks from captain Nick Price:
1. Hideki Matsuyama
2. Jason Day
3. Adam Scott
4. Louis Oosthuizen
5. Charl Schwartzel
6. Marc Leishman
7. Branden Grace
8. Si Woo Kim
9. Jhonattan Vegas
10. Adam Hadwin
---
11. Hideto Tanihara
12. Emiliano Grillo
13. Byeong-Hun An
14. Haotong Li
15. Yuta Ikeda
The Presidents Cup will be held Sept. 28-Oct. 1 at Liberty National Golf Club in Jersey City, N.J. The U.S. has won six times in a row and holds a 9-1-1 all-time advantage in the biennial competition.
Minister Bartlett Lauds Jimmy Cliff on Receiving IRIE FM's Lifetime Achievement Award
MONTEGO BAY, Jamaica – Jamaica's Minister of Tourism, Hon. Edmund Bartlett has lauded legendary musician and actor, Jimmy Cliff (Mr. James Ezekiel Chambers, OM) for his sterling contribution to Jamaican film and music, describing him as “both a trailblazer and influencer; an enduring voice who has helped to make little Jamaica a cultural heavy weight on the world stage.”
Minister Bartlett made his comments as Jimmy Cliff received IRIE FM's inaugural Lifetime Achievement Award at the Somerton All-Age School recently. The award was presented to the renowned entertainer “for his exceptional work as a songwriter, artiste and activist for social justice.”
Mr. Bartlett said, “when we find our own who have done so well to achieve international notoriety we must be able to work and walk with them as they continue the journey over time and to find their place in the pantheon of history so that we can be proud that we lived and they lived among us.”
In his glowing tribute, Minister Bartlett said, “when you go across the world Jimmy Cliff pops up not just as a reference of another human being, but a powerful representation of iconoclastic achievement from a little country that like a boat on a big ocean packs waves that are so mighty to be called tsunami.”
Jimmy Cliff, who has been singing since recording his first single, ”Hurricane Hattie” at age 14, and is credited with introducing Bob Marley to his producer, has been performing internationally for some 55 years.
Underscoring that entertainment is an area in which Jamaica is a world beater, Minister Bartlett said “the Ministry of Tourism and its agencies are committed to fostering the continued development of the entertainment industry and the integration of entertainment into our tourism product.”
He added that entertainment tourism was one of the main niche areas being developed in order to diversify the tourism product and tap into new markets. “This is precisely why we are placing special focus on developing entertainment tourism as part of our growth strategy,” he said.
With the Ministry's Sports and Entertainment Network actively seeking to capitalize on the tremendous potential of entertainment, Minister Bartlett said “cultural ambassadors like Jimmy Cliff make our work that much easier because through your illustrious achievements Jamaica has inarguably become known as the mecca of Reggae music and a focal point for popular culture.”
Thousands of adults and children, including a number of visitors, packed into the 75-year-old Somerton All-Ago school building and crowded the school yard for the historic IRIE FM event in which several members of the political directorate, scholars, musicians, singers and dancers paid tribute to Jimmy Cliff for his achievement and the influence he has had on their lives.
PORTLAND, Ore., August 14, 2017 – Digital Trends, the leading independent technology publisher, has announced the winners of the 1st annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards, celebrating the best in outdoor innovation produced for 2017.
Digital Trends bestowed awards in six categories, spotlighting companies working to combine technology and the great outdoors in their latest gear. Editors from Portland field tested this year's nominated products at Lost Lake in Hood River, OR. After pushing each contender to the limit, Digital Trends has crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwind and a special award for Innovation.
“The Outdoor Awards are a brand-new recognition we've been eager to debut this year. Since the premiere of the Outdoor section last fall, our readers have been greatly interested in seeing the best gear for their backpacking and camping trips,” said Digital Trend's Editor-in-Chief Jeremy Kaplan. “All season long, our editors camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards, and I'm proud to say we've curated the best outdoor products 2017 has to offer.”
Editors judged award entries on technological advancements, accessibility, and overall outdoor experience. Click each category for a full review of the winners and the nominees. The following are the official winners of Digital Trends 1st Annual Outdoor Awards.
Trekking: Danner Mountain 600s
Cooking: BioLite CampStove 2 Bundle
Sleeping: Big Agnes Copper Spur HV UL2 mtnGLO Tent
Recreation: Red Paddle 10'6″ inflatable SUP
Unwind: OtterBox Venture 45 cooler
Innovation: Thermacell Backpacker mosquito repeller
To celebrate the awards, Digital Trends is giving away a prize a day from each category. Prizes include a mosquito repellant from Thermacell, a pair of Danner boots, a camp stove bundle from BioLite, an OtterBox cooler set, a tent from Big Agnes, and our grand prize, a Red Paddle Co paddleboard.
For reviews, hands-on impressions, and complete coverage of the outdoor awards, go to https://www.digitaltrends.com/2017-outdoor-awards/
About Digital Trends
Digital Trends is a leading consumer technology publisher helping people navigate an increasingly digital world. With easy-to-understand product reviews, entertaining news and videos, Digital Trends serves more than 30 million unique visitors each month. Digital Trends reaches 90 million tech influencers through their own media network, and its syndicate partners include Yahoo!, FOX News and more than 200 broadcast news stations. Digital Trends is headquartered in Portland, OR with offices in New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Detroit, and Chicago. For more information, visit www.digitaltrends.com.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. He showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
Rangers surprisingly giving Lundqvist extra-long break This was thinking about the long-term rather than the short-term. And maybe it was surprising to everyone looking in, but the Rangers had been planning this for a while. In...
Moment of truth coming soon for Rangers' Ondrej Pavelec By virtue of their schedule, the Rangers and Henrik Lundqvist were afforded the opportunity to find their game, both collectively and individually. The stretch of 10 wins in 12 games...
'Goaltenders have to stop the puck': Rangers stick with backup It will be Hot Hand Ondrej Pavelec in nets Saturday night in Montreal when the Blueshirts attempt to string back-to-back victories together for the first time this season in the...
Rangers take on reclamation project as new Lundqvist backup So now we will see whether goaltender coach extraordinaire Benoit Allaire can have the same impact working with Ondrej Pavelec as he has over the last four years with backups of...
There's surely 1 annoying clown in this Subban-Milbury garbage OTTAWA — So I wonder who the clown is here: the charismatic player who dances a little jig during a playoff pregame warm-up, or the suit in the general manager's...
Henrik Lundqvist won't admit the reason he's dominating again Statistically, Henrik Lundqvist's first 15 games and last 15 games are near mirror images of one another, the King going 10-3-2 with a .946 save percentage and 1.71 GAA to...
“I want my company to innovate, but I am not convinced we can execute successfully.” Far too many times I have heard this fear expressed by senior executives that I have met at different points in my career. In fact, a recent study published by Price Waterhouse Coopers found that while 93% of executives depend on innovation to drive growth, more than half are challenged to take innovative ideas to market quickly in a scalable way.
Many customers are struggling with how to drive enterprise innovation, so I was thrilled to share the stage at AWS re:Invent this past week with several senior executives who have successfully broken this mold to drive amazing enterprise innovation. In particular, I want to thank Parag Karnik from Johnson & Johnson, Bill Rothe from Hess Corporation, Dave Williams from Just Eat, and Olga Lagunova from Pitney Bowes for sharing their stories of innovation, creativity, and solid execution.
Among the many new announcements from AWS this past week, I am particularly excited about the following newly-launched AWS products and programs that I announced at re:Invent to drive new innovations by our enterprise customers:
Read the entire article here, re:Invent Recap – Announcements to Boost Enterprise Innovation with Windows
Via the fine folks at Amazon Web Services.
The new chairperson of Kildare Town Tidy Towns was recently appointed at the AGM, which was held on Thursday, January 18 last.
Willie Redmond officially handed the chair of Kildare Town Tidy Towns to Dr Mary O'Connor at the AGM in Solas Bhride.
There was a large turnout at the AGM which was held in the wake of its recent IBAL honour as Ireland's second cleanest town.
One of the main priorities for the organisation this year is to secure higher points in the National Tidy Towns competition.
“I am stepping down as chairperson after being in the role for the past few years,” said long-standing out going chair Mr Redmond.
He said that the goodwill which has been generated in the town since the IBALwin is contagious.
“The level of community involvement is strong and credit must be given to the numerous residents associations,” he added.
Meanwhile the Tidy Towns organisation is looking for new volunteers to get involved with their work, and those interested are invited to get in touch.
SEE ALSO: POLL: Vote for Kildare's Top Memorable Sporting Moment
By Patrick Slack
Andover's Justice Williams carries the ball in the Huskies' 60-7 win on Friday. Photo by Bill Jones
Andover 60, Monticello 7
Spring Lake Park 23, North St. Paul 6
Centennial 29, Blaine 28 (OT)
St. Michael-Albertville 38, Anoka 7
Chanhassen 28, Coon Rapids 7
Chisago Lakes Area 48, St. Francis 19
Blaine's Byron Bynum Jr. stiff arms a Centennial defender. Photo by Patrick Slack Coon Rapids with a defensive stop. Photo by Patrick Slack
President Donald Trump speaks about the ongoing situation in Charlottesville, Va., at Trump National Golf Club, Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in Bedminster, N.J. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
Last Tuesday, a pro-choice display at Miami's Hamilton regional campus was stolen from campus grounds. This theft followed an act of vandalism from the previous week — an anti-abortion display of crosses was destroyed by two students, both of whom were captured on film.
Both groups — Miami University Hamilton Students for Life (MUHSFL) on the anti-abortion side and Students for Reproductive Justice on the pro-choice side — condemned the destruction of property.
“Just as we wish our freedoms of speech and expression to be protected, we also wish the freedoms of all students to be respected — regardless of content or viewpoint,” reads a MUHSFL instagram post.
The former president of MUHSFL, Ellie Wittman, a sophomore, became the vice president of the Oxford Campus' Students for Life group after she transferred here. She said that “college campuses are a marketplace of ideas,” and that resorting to vandalism and theft only broke down that freedom of expression.
Students for Reproductive Justice leader Amy Malott, a senior at the Hamilton campus who led the effort to set up the pro-choice display, agreed with Wittman. In the past she said, the two ideologically-opposed factions have been mostly respectful of one another.
“It's been a really respectful discourse,” said Malott. “You know, we don't really talk to each other about it. It's just there, present on campus.”
Wittman said that in the few years she belonged to MUHSFL, she never had direct issues with students for Reproductive Justice or Malott, but the annual anti-abortion cross display has been kicked down at least twice before.
The stolen display from the College Students for Reproductive Justice exhibit has not yet been recovered, but police were alerted to the theft.
Malott was forced to replace the Students for Reproductive Justice exhibit with her own resources and restore the original exhibit which was comprised of wire hangers
A report was sent to campus security, but unfortunately there were no cameras that faced the part of the quad that Malott's display was on.
A friend of Malott's told her that she saw a woman carrying around parts of the display shortly after it was stolen, but the friend ignored it.
“It was a miscommunication because she thought maybe I said to take it down,” said Malott. “She didn't want to walk right up and go ‘hey, what are you doing.'”
Despite the acts of vandalism and theft Malott and Wittman remained hopeful that Miami University Hamilton Students for Life and College Students for Reproductive Justice can continue to coexist peacefully.
doyleca3@miamioh.edu
evansjm4@miamioh.edu
Comments
Justice Kennedy might retire next year Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy may retire next year, giving the Trump administration the opportunity to fill the vacancy and move the court to the right for years to come....
Justice Kennedy isn't retiring just yet Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy isn't resting his case just yet. The high court broke for its summer recess Monday without an anticipated retirement announcement from the 80-year-old judge. He...
Kellyanne Conway won't say if Justice Kennedy has mentioned retirement WASHINGTON – The White House is paying “very close attention” to rumors that Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy may resign from the bench. “I will never reveal a conversation between...
Rumors swirl about Justice Kennedy's potential retirement President Trump will get a second chance to push the Supreme Court rightward if rumors of Justice Anthony Kennedy's retirement come to fruition in the coming days. Kennedy has not...
Ivanka, daughter visit Supreme Court as guest of Justice Kennedy Ivanka Trump is having her day in court. The first daughter went to the Supreme Court Wednesday to witness proceedings. She came as a guest of Justice Anthony Kennedy, whom...
Everything that happened in same-sex marriage this week Weddings, court rulings and confusion are defining a week that started with the U.S. Supreme Court denying appeals from five states seeking to retain their bans on same-sex marriage. Here's...
Justice Kennedy allows same-sex marriage in Nevada, but not Idaho WASHINGTON — Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy has allowed same-sex marriage to begin in Nevada, clarifying that an earlier order blocking gay unions applies only to Idaho. Kennedy said in...
MADRID: With Gareth Bale not fully fit and Karim Benzema still struggling, it will be Cristiano Ronaldo again carrying the load for Real Madrid in the Champions League.
And that shoul not be a problem for the defending champions — Ronaldo has scored in every last 16 game he has played with Madrid the last five seasons, with 14 goals in total.
Ronaldo did not practice early this week because of a minor ailment, but he returned to action on Tuesday and was ready to face Napoli in the first leg at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium on Wednesday.
No one has been as dominant as Ronaldo in this stage of the European competition. The Portugal forward has scored in the last 10 games he played in the last 16, a streak that began with three goals in the matches against CSKA Moscow in the 2011-12 season.
He scored once in each game against former club Manchester United the following year, then netted four times against Schalke in 2013-14, and three times against the same German club the following year. His goals in each of the games against AS Roma last season were crucial to keep Madrid on track for its 11th European title.
Madrid will likely need Ronaldo to thrive again this time against Napoli, as Bale will not play despite having recovered from right-ankle surgery. He practiced with the rest of the team the last two days but coach Zinedine Zidane said it was too soon to put him back in the squad.
“He has been out for almost three months,” Zidane said. “We have to take it slowly with Gareth.”
Benzema has been playing, but not scoring. His last goal was in a draw at Sevilla in the Copa del Rey early in January, six games ago. Criticism against him increased after an incredible close-range miss in the team's 3-1 win at Osasuna in the Spanish league on Saturday.
“Anyone can give their opinion,” Zidane said. “But I see him fully committed. He is focused on what he has to do. People can always ask for more from a player like Karim, but I see him doing well and I'm happy with his work.”
Zidane said Benzema, the team's top scorer in the Champions League with four goals, makes up an important duo with Ronaldo.
“We all know Cristiano and we know what he can bring to the team,” Zidane said. “He has a good connection with Karim.”
Madrid's attack has scored at least a goal in 40 straight games in all competitions. Many of those goals were scored by Ronaldo, who is two away from becoming the first player to score 100 goals in European club competitions. He is the all-time leading scorer in the Champions League with 95 goals.
Madrid has not lost at the Bernabeu in its last 11 Champions League matches, while Napoli is on an 18-match unbeaten streak in all competitions, one short of the club record. The Italian club is playing in the last 16 only for the second time. It has never reached the quarterfinals.
“Napoli has been playing well and is coming off a great run,” Madrid midfielder Luka Modric said. “But we are playing at home and we are prepared to achieve a good result here.”
Video
Anyone hoping to cross the India-Pakistan border faces huge bureaucratic obstacles in getting a visa. But mobile technology and social media is enabling Pakistanis and Indians to talk and even flirt with each other.
It's something that has become increasingly popular amongst the gay communities in both countries, as Secunder Kermani discovered in Lahore.
US ambassador to Mexico steps down amid tense relations ​The United States ambassador to Mexico is stepping down this spring ​amid tense relations between the two countries over President Trump's vow to build a wall on the border. ​...
US will open embassy in Jerusalem earlier than expected The US will open its new Israeli embassy in Jerusalem in May, officials said Friday — marking a move from Tel Aviv that reverses decades of American policy and infuriates Palestinians....
KT McFarland withdraws nomination to be ambassador WASHINGTON – K.T. McFarland, picked by President Trump as his nominee to become ambassador to Singapore, withdrew on Friday. McFarland was on Trump's presidential transition team and later appointed as...
Ugandan president defends Trump after 'shithole' slur Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni defended President Trump on Tuesday — the same day the US ambassador apologized for Trump calling African nations “shithole countries.” “I love Trump because he tells...
US ambassador grilled by Dutch press over false statements President Trump's new ambassador to the Netherlands was put on the hot seat by Dutch reporters after he refused to address false statements he'd made about their country being overrun...
US ambassador to Panama steps down The US ambassador to Panama has resigned from his post, telling the State Department that he can no longer serve under President Trump, according to reports. John Feeley informed the...
Wintour never asked Trump for UK ambassadorship: source Anna Wintour is calling bull—t on President Trump's claim that when the two met in Trump Tower in December 2016 she asked him for an ambassadorship. It never happened, a...
It's time to end Democrats' destructive confirmation-slowdown How did the United States end up without an ambassador to the most important non-nuclear nation in the world — Germany — for almost an entire year? Even as Berlin...
Pakistan meets with US ambassador after Trump's angry tweet ISLAMABAD — Pakistan summoned the US ambassador in protest against US President Donald Trump's angry tweet about Pakistan's “lies and deceit,” while Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif dismissed the outburst as...
An Arizona man named in court documents as a "person of interest" during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said he had met the shooter one time and sold him ammunition.
An Arizona man named in court documents as a "person of interest" during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said he had met the shooter one time and sold him ammunition.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
(AP Photo/John Locher, file). FILE-In this Oct. 16, 2017, file photo,,photos and notes adorn a wall at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden in Las Vegas. The garden was built as a memorial for the victims of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas.
(Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP, File). FILE - This October, 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of the Las Vegas gunman.
By JACQUES BILLEAUD
Associated Press
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) - An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition - armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
"I had no contribution to what Paddock did," Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. "I had no way to see into his mind."
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an "incendiary capsule" on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
He appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition he not possesses guns or ammunition. If convicted, he could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and his business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a "person of interest" in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that "he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word 'with' or 'for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends."
Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
___
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and Regina Garcia Cano in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . His work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/jacques%20billeaud .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wake up, South Florida.
Your Dolphins are very much in the hunt.
No, seriously.
You're not dreaming.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
But pinch yourself anyway, just to be sure.
Maybe dunk your head in a bucket of ice, too.
Because it is hard to believe.
This team, who couldn't beat anyone three weeks ago, just beat the league's best.
Beat actually is too kind of a word to what Miami did to New England on Monday night.
Embarrassed is more apt.
Final score (and we checked twice, just to be sure): Dolphins 27, Patriots 20. (It wasn't really that close.) It was the Dolphins' first win in four prime-time appearances this season.
And suddenly, Miami is not only just a game under .500 but just a game out of the playoffs in a jumbled AFC wild-card race.
The Bills, Chiefs, Chargers and Ravens are all 7-6.
The Raiders and now the Dolphins are 6-7.
Two, if not three, of those teams will be playing in January.
And as laughable as that would have seemed during the Dolphins' five-game losing streak, Miami cannot be counted out.
Not after what America saw Monday night.
Not after Jay Cutler outplayed Tom Brady, completing 25 of 38 passes for 263 yards and three touchdowns.
Not after cornerback Xavien Howard's coming-out party, picking off Brady twice (for his third and fourth interceptions in nine days).
Not after Jarvis Landry appeared to troll Brady and the entire Patriots organization, pumping up the football after the second of his two touchdowns. (Deflategate, anyone?)
Not after Kenyan Drake went over 100 yards for the second week in a row, accounting for 193 of Miami's 368 yards from scrimmage.
Not after the Dolphins defense got in Brady's head, keeping him off balance all night. (The Patriots were a ghastly 0 of 11 on third downs.)
Priority No. 1 for the Dolphins: Don't get blown out early.
That mission was accomplished.
Adam Gase got his first lead as a head coach against Bill Belichick when Cody Parker was true on a 30-yard field goal early in the first quarter.
The Dolphins were up 6-0 midway through the second quarter when Brady finally got something going. He moved New England inside the Dolphins' 5, and Rex Burkhead did the rest, barreling into the end zone from 3 yards out.
But Miami answered right back, with Landry giving max effort on a 5-yard touchdown pass from Cutler, and the Dolphins went to the break up a field goal.
In truth, the lead should have been greater. Miami outgained New England 217-120 and controlled the ball for more than 18 minutes in the first half.
The Patriots got the ball first in the second half. The usual script for New England: Drive the length of the field, score a touchdown, take the lead and never look back.
But this was no ordinary night. Not when these teams are involved.
The Dolphins played complementary football. They forced a three-and-out, got the ball back and went and scored a touchdown. Cutler connected with Jakeem Grant on a 25-yard scoring strike.
The Patriots played catchup the rest of the way. They never could catch up.
It was a total reversal of recent history.
How so? The Patriots outscored the Dolphins by a combined 46 points in Gase's first three cracks at New England (all Miami losses).
And even after the Dolphins drummed the Broncos in Week 13 to snap a five-game losing streak, there were no believers in the Dolphins. Oddsmakers listed Miami as 12-point underdogs, and that didn't seem outrageous.
Maybe there will be some believers. now.
The Dolphins travel to Buffalo this weekend.
It will be cold. It will probably be snowy.
And it will be an opportunity.
If the Dolphins win then, and the two games that follow it, odds are they will make the playoffs for the second time in as many years.
No, really.
Believe it.
Hopefully it's not mating season, because these two men are making sounds that would tickle any turkey's curiosity. There are beatboxing families and beatboxing recorders, but these two definitely have...
Have your say
Emergency services were called to a two-vehicle crash at a notorious crossroads in Thurston yesterday.
A Nissan Qashqai and Nissan Note were in collision at Fishwick Corner at around 12.40pm.
Fire crews from Stowmarket, Bury St Edmunds, Ixworth and Elmswell attended the scene to free a woman who had become trapped when one of the vehicles landed on its side.
A police spokeswoman said the woman was assessed by paramedics and found not to have sustained life-changing or life-threatening injuries.
The road was closed until around 2.40pm.
Fishwick Corner is one of a number of junctions in Thurston which councillors, who voted ‘minded to approve' hundreds of new homes for the village, raised concerns about last month. Read more here.
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith Pause
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:10 South Gwinnett star learned a lot during RisingSeniors week
2:27 Troopers take high tech approach to investigate accidents
As we get closer and closer to create artificial intelligence that can think and reason in ways that mimic a human brain it's becoming increasingly clear that allowing a machine mind to learn from humans is a very bad idea. We've seen examples of it in the past, but a new study on AI biases reveals that not only does training an artificial brain create biases, but those leanings reinforce many societal issues regarding race and gender that plague humanity today.
The study, which was conducted by scientists at Princeton University and published in the journal Science, sought to determine not just if the behavior of an AI exhibited specific biases, but whether the machine learning systems that determine the outcome inherently lean one way or the other. To do this, the team trained an AI using standard datasets that are popular choices for machine learning. These kinds of sets include millions of words and are often gathered from many sources, including the internet.
The AI studies the words, how there used, and what words they're used in association with, in order to provide natural language responses and answers in a way that we can understand. It also, as it turns out, learns some of our more unfortunate quirks.
After training the AI, scientists tested how it associates various words with others. For example, “flower” is more likely to be associated with “pleasant” than “weapon” is. That, of course, makes perfect sense. However, the trained AI also had a habit of associating typically caucasian-sounding names with other things that it considered to be “pleasant,” rather than African-American names. The AI also shied away from pairing female pronouns with mathematics, and instead often associated them with artistic terms.
This is obviously a huge issue since, in the name of creating AI that sound and behave more human, some of the standard training materials being used carry with them some of the worst parts of us. It's a very interesting problem, and one that you can bet will get a lot of attention now that evidence seems to be mounting.
2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Pause
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
As if being the world's most valuable company wasn't enough for Apple, the tech titan is now branching into original content with its first show, "Planet of the Apps."
The reality show, which launched on Tuesday on Apple Music, has a simple premise: Entrepreneurs have 60 seconds on an escalator to pitch to judges, including Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow, Will.i.am, music producer Zane Lowe, and entrepreneur Gary Vaynerchuk.
The panel of advisors - will.i.am., Gwyneth Paltrow, Gary Vaynerchuk, Jessica Alba and Zane Lowe - on Apple Music's new TV Show Planet of the Apps. Courtesy of Apple Music
Related: Michelle Obama Talks Tech, Trump and Life After the White House at Apple WWDC
The judges decide whether they want to hear more, and then vote on whether to mentor the contestant. The ideas that gain the most traction have a shot at winning $10 million in funding and a top spot on the app store.
A new episode is being released every Tuesday and is available to Apple Music subscribers.
At Apple's developer conference on Monday, CEO Tim Cook said the streaming service now has 27 million subscribers.
However, the company doesn't seem to be interested in taking on Amazon, Hulu and Netflix, three of the dominant companies in the original video programming space.
Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of internet software and services, told the Hollywood Reporter last year that despite having "Planet of the Apps" in the pipeline, Apple isn't "trying to compete with Netflix or compete with Comcast."
"We're not in the business of trying to create TV shows. If we see it being complementary to the things we're doing at Apple Music or if we see it being something that's innovative on our platform, we may help them and guide them and make suggestions," he said.
Apple has more programming planned for Apple Music subscribers, including "Carpool Karaoke," and a scripted show being helmed by Dr. Dre.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:51 Gardner pleased with her Mercer team
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
3:08 Donald Trump's Inauguration in three minutes
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:56 Well-known funeral home brought parklike feel to bustling south Macon
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
OTTAWA — There is an abstract feeling the Rangers have utter control of their second-round series against the Senators going into Game 5 on Saturday afternoon at Canadian Tire Centre. It's a feeling drawn not strictly from what has happened on the ice.
With each team having held serve in its own building and the best-of-seven tied, 2-2, it should feel a lot more even than it does. But the Blueshirts have not only played better in the first four games — trailing for only 4:11 of total game time and leading for 149:56 — but they have displayed a preternatural poise and professionalism that stands in stark contrast to their opponent.
“I think we've got good leadership,” coach Alain Vigneault said after his team's optional practice in Tarrytown on Friday before departing for Canada's capital. “I think when we've been faced with adversity, we've handled it well. We just focus on what we need to do.”
Often the Rangers' cool demeanor and penchant to turn the other cheek has left previous postseason defeats feeling like emotionless disappointments. But to see the Senators lose their cool at the end of Game 4 was a far cry from watching a team trying to send a message as it goes home — as amateurish as that notion may be. It was more like watching a collective mental breakdown in real time as Dion Phaneuf fought Brendan Smith, as Bobby Ryan tried and failed to engage Dan Girardi in a fight, and then, as the topper, as Kyle Turris swung at Tanner Glass and get rewarded by Glass pummeling him as they fell to the ice.
After the game, the Rangers took it in stride, saying they can answer the bell when necessary. The following day, Vigneault dusted off an old favorite catchphrase to make sure they don't get sidetracked in the quagmire of roughhousing.
“We're going to focus on being disciplined in our game, not just in the way we're playing, but whistle-to-whistle,” he said. “We're going to stay real focused and not get involved into any stuff after the whistle. We've been very disciplined that way, and we're going to continue to do that. They're hard-fought games and that's what we're expecting.”
It was that same immediate focus that allowed the Rangers not to get distracted by the two gut-wrenching losses that opened this series in Ottawa. It's also the reason they were able to claw their way back with two comprehensive 4-1 victories at the Garden.
Heck, with the Rangers holding only a 3-0 lead going into the third period in Game 4 on Thursday, Ottawa coach Guy Boucher told the best player in this series, Senators captain Erik Karlsson, to stay in the locker room to rest his weary injured left heel. Boucher also used that moment to replace starting goaltender Craig Anderson with backup Mike Condon for what he said was the purpose of getting Condon some work.
see also Rangers fans open old wounds with 'sloppy seconds' chant Sean Avery has not been on the Rangers in five years,...
“If you had told me we'd be here, second round, 2-2, against the Rangers, and we're going home to play a two-out-of-three, I don't think anybody here wouldn't have taken it,” Boucher told reporters at the team's New York hotel Friday morning. “So if we're not positive, we're not very bright.”
Before the series even started, Boucher was pumping up the Rangers and how good they are, saying what a small margin of error his Senators had in order to give themselves a chance to win. It was all rhetoric to shift pressure, but it unquestionably just rolled right off the Rangers' collective back.
The Blueshirts have been here before, and they have been part of all these mind games with both the post-whistle scrums and the not-so-veiled verbal messages from opposing coaches and players. They know how to remain poised in all situations, and that might be their biggest positive attribute.
They might not win this series, but they certainly won't lose it by being panicked or distracted.
“We won two in a row, but it doesn't matter now,” winger Mats Zuccarello said. “They've been playing well at home, so we have to play better. We all know that. Obviously we're happy that we won two games, but those games mean nothing if we don't pull off a good away game.”
Video
The crisis in Catalonia has been a tricky issue for some European politicians, torn between supporting the government in Madrid and wishing to condemn the violence.
Adam Fleming reports.
Whatever creative project you are currently working on you must make sure that you get the praise for it. If others are allowed to muscle in on your territory they are certain to steal your glory, and maybe your cash as well. Don't let them.
Liverpool seized control of their Champions League semi-final tie against Roma with a 5-2 first-leg win, although a late revival from the Italian side offers hope of a second-leg comeback.
Mohamed Salah scored twice and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who added another to make it 5-0, before Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti struck in the space of four minutes late on.
Roma must now match the exploits of their remarkable quarter-final comeback against Barcelona if they are to win the tie.
Liverpool were arguably second best in the opening half-hour but a blistering strike from Salah against his old club set Jurgen Klopp's side on their way.
Pick that one out!
Absolutely nothing Alisson can do on this inch-perfect shot from Mohamed Salah. 😱😱 pic.twitter.com/zn2OjWMhzb — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
Salah added a second just before the break, becoming the first Liverpool player to hit 10 in a single European campaign, before turning provider for Salah and Firmino as Roma failed miserably to deal with the hosts' attack.
Firmino nodded in the fifth from a routine set-piece but Eusebio Di Francesco's men snatched two away goals in the dying minutes to offer some hope of salvation.
MINNEAPOLIS — Here's how lucky Chelsea and Courey Marshall are: They are going to Sunday's Super Bowl after spending the previous night in a luxury suite at U.S. Bank Stadium.
Courey Marshall, a graduate of the Naval Academy who spent five years in the service, and his wife, who works for a chiropractic practice, are Broncos fans from San Diego. So this isn't their first trip to the big game. In 2016, they were at Levi's Stadium to see Denver beat Carolina for the NFL championship.
Sure, their team and favourite player, now-retired Peyton Manning , are not on hand this year. And the couple had no plans to be in Minnesota in February.
Then Courey was notified — by Manning, of all people — that he'd won the Courtyard by Marriott Super Bowl contest. The prizes include two tickets to Eagles-Patriots, and also the opportunity to stay in the converted stadium suite on Saturday night.
“I've never been in a completely empty stadium, let alone the Super Bowl stadium,” he said. “And to have my wife with me, and to wake up on game day in the stadium, that's pretty special.”
Added Chelsea: “I can't imagine what it's like to wake up in the Super Bowl stadium with no fans there.”
They're about to find out.
The suite is on field level next to where the Patriots would run out of the tunnel before the game. It will be converted from the sleepover suite back to its original state well before kickoff, and the Marshalls will have prime seats near midfield.
Eli Manning was on hand this week to show off a replica of the suite and an omnitheatre presentation that replicated the experience.
“You're right there in the dome and get to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff,” he said. “Then you wake up on Super Bowl Sunday right there. Has to be a wonderful experience.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
By NATALIYA VASILYEVA
The Associated Press
MOSCOW — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take his life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by his wife. Authorities said they suspected he was killed because of his work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. He then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
“I'm still alive,” he said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. He spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against him and his family.. He said his home address was published online and the threats he received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after he settled last fall in Kiev, where he worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
___
Ayse Wieting in Istanbul and Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
Americans still prefer men to put bread on the table.
Just over 70 percent of adults say it is very important for a man to be able to support a family financially to be a good husband or partner, but less than one-third say it's very important for a woman to do the same to be a good wife or partner, according to a new survey of nearly 5,000 adults by the Pew Research Center , a nonprofit think tank in Washington, D.C. “As women in the U.S. have increased their labor force participation and earning power, their contributions to household incomes have grown,” the report concluded. In 1980, only 13 percent of married women earned more than or as much as their husbands versus 25 percent in 2000.
Marriage rates are indeed closely linked to socioeconomic status, according to a separate recent analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data by Pew. In 2015, among adults ages 25 and older, 65 percent with a four-year college degree were married, compared with 55 percent of those with some college education and 50 percent among those with no education beyond high school, it found. Twenty-five years earlier, the marriage rate was above 60 percent for each of these groups. Never-married adults who have not completed college are more likely than college graduates to say they don't plan on marrying.
Men's egos may not fare so well when if they don't earn as much as their wives. The risk of divorce was 32 percent higher when a husband isn't working full-time, according to a study of more than 6,300 couples by Alexandra Killewald, professor of sociology at Harvard University, published last year in the “American Sociological Review.” As Julia Baird wrote in Glamour magazine of those findings: “Oh, how fragile is the ego of a man. We must never let him feel like a bonsai in a grove of California redwoods — no, he must always see himself as a towering tree, magnificent in comparison with his female partner.”
Other gender roles have changed over the last 50 years, however, as more women have gone to work. Fathers are more involved in their children's lives. In 2015, fathers reported spending, on average, seven hours a week on childcare — almost triple the time they provided back in 1965, previous research by Pew found. What's more, fathers put in about nine hours a week on household chores in 2015, up from four hours in 1965. Mothers still spend more time with their children — about 15 hours a week on childcare and 18 hours a week on housework in 2015.
And wealthy women put more focus on a man's earning power, although wealthy men look for other things in a mate. Men with higher incomes showed stronger preferences for women with slender bodies, while women with higher incomes preferred men who had a steady income or made similar money, according to another survey of 28,000 heterosexual men and women aged between 18 and 75. The study was conducted by researchers at Chapman University in Orange, Calif., and published in the January 2016 edition of the journal “Personality and Individual Differences.”
An Army helicopter with three crew members on board went down on a Maryland golf course Monday, authorities and witnesses said. One person said he saw the chopper “spinning” before it hit the ground.
A UH-60 helicopter from Fort Belvoir made a “hard landing” around 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown, Maryland, the northern Virginia Army base said in a statement on its Facebook page.
One crew member was medically evacuated, the statement said. It wasn't immediately clear what condition that person was in or whether the other two crew members had been injured.
Fort Belvoir referred further questions to the U.S. Army's Military District of Washington, where the public affairs office said it was working on a statement.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Jennifer Stone said authorities were still working to secure the scene.
Maryland State Police spokesman Sgt. Davaughn Parker said two medevac helicopters were sent to the scene to assist. Neither Stone nor Parker had any further details.
Leonardtown is about 60 miles southeast of Washington, D.C.
The incident comes less than two weeks after a military jet crashed in a wooded area just outside a suburban Washington neighborhood. The pilot, who was on a training mission, ditched his jet. He was treated for minor injuries, and no one else was injured in that incident.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
When you get a Save the Date card in the mail for a wedding, your first thought probably isn't: “How much is this going to cost me?” But maybe it should be. Guests shell out an average of $888 per wedding, according to a survey by The Knot. And being a member of the wedding party means even higher costs. Bridesmaids spend about $1,200 per wedding, according to a survey by WeddingWire — and that can quickly jump to $1,820 after including all associated costs (alterations, travel, gifts, etc.).
“I would advise anyone in their mid-twenties or mid-thirties to factor [weddings] into your budget every year,” says Jessica Bishop, creator of TheBudgetSavvyBride.com. If you don't use the money, you can add to your emergency fund, bulk up your retirement account or save it for the shindigs that will no doubt catch up with you down the road. Every year, wedding season is May to October. Figure out ahead of time how many of these events you can likely afford to attend, and say no to the ones you can't. “Don't go into debt to pay for a wedding,” says Bishop.
Whether you're heading to the event as a guest or as a member of the wedding party, we've got tips for cutting costs.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 How to Save Money at the Grocery Store 00:00:46
Wedding Wear
The price of wedding formalwear can add up, especially if you're attending multiple events (like the bridal shower, bachelorette party, rehearsal dinner and wedding itself). First, try to raid your friends closets. Then, instead of shelling out extra cash on something you'll probably only wear once, you could use Rent the Runway, which allows users to rent designer clothing at a fraction (usually between $30 and $215, depending on the dress) of the retail cost. If you're a bridesmaid and were just given a dress color to match, this could be the way to go. Another option — especially if you're attending multiple events in one weekend — is Le Tote, which allows users to borrow three items of clothing and two accessories at a time and starts at $39 per month. If your date needs a tuxedo, Menguin.com, a men's formalwear rental site, can help. And if you'd rather sell your old formalwear and buy something new, sites like Tradesy.com and Poshmark.com are a good bet.
Don't go into debt to pay for a wedding. Don't go into debt to pay for a wedding.
Wedding Gifts
People used to think you should spend as much on a wedding gift as the couple spent on food per person at the wedding, but that formula is no longer valid, says Bishop. Think about a) what you can afford and b) what your relationship is to the couple. The least amount you should probably spend is $50, and it's a good idea to head to the registry website as early as possible to avoid getting stuck with the most expensive picks. Remember that many stores have a policy that if something goes on sale after you buy it, you can get a retroactive refund for the difference, so keep an eye on the item's price after purchasing. If you're a bridesmaid attending multiple events, collaborating on group gifts is an option — for example, if eight of you went in on a $200 gift, it'd be $25 per person. Finally, you can always go the creative route. “I attended a wedding and the couple were going to a mountain cabin immediately after,” says Anastasia Stevenson, the DIY Wedding Planner. “Instead of buying a pricey gift, I made them a gourmet, hand-crafted gift basket [with] wine, a corkscrew, candles and some treats.”
Travel
When you RSVP “yes” to a wedding that's not within driving distance, it's a good idea to start thinking about flights as soon as possible. Sign up for fare alerts from websites like Scott's Cheap Flights, The Flight Deal and HolidayPirates, or use an app like Hopper to keep an eye on fares and advise you when to book. Don't start searching more than three months in advance to avoid inflated prices, but also do your very best to avoid booking within 30 days of the trip — that's when prices can skyrocket. You can also always take advantage of the new “basic fares” on select routes with carriers like United, Delta and American Airlines — they can be about 20 percent cheaper than main cabin, and they should pop up when available next to the other seat class options on an airline's website. Use Google Flights to compare side-by-side flight options, and one feature will sometimes prompt you if fares are likely to go up or down. When it comes to lodging, check the save the date card and/or wedding website for discounted hotel rates. If there aren't any, there's a good chance you can create your own hotel block discount, says Anne Chertoff, WeddingWire Trend Expert. Call a local hotel and tell them how many people you are and how many rooms you need, then ask, “Can you do something for us?” Also remember you can save 50 percent on a hotel room by splitting it with a friend.
With Hayden Field
MOUNT DORA, Fla. (AP) - Two Florida homeowners owe thousands of dollars in fines for painting murals emulating a Vincent van Gogh masterpiece on the exterior of their home.
A report by WKMG-TV shows the Mount Dora home covered in blue and yellow paint swirled on the house and a perimeter wall in the style of van Gogh's painting "The Starry Night."
Homeowners Nancy Nemhauser and Ludomir Jastrzebski were fined $100 per day, but the fines were capped at 31 days.
The news station reports that a magistrate lifted the cap Thursday. That means the homeowners now owe over $8,000. The fines will continue until the murals are removed.
___
Information from: WKMG-TV, http://www.local6.com/index.html
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Emmanuel Izuchwu / BBC Igbo Image caption People have been able to play football in deserted streets in Ariaria in south-eastern Abia state
A stay-at-home protest by Biafran separatists in Nigeria has crippled cities and towns in the south-east.
Streets are empty and markets, banks and schools are closed to mark the abortive attempt in 1967 to gain independence for the region.
It led to a bitter three-year civil war in which more than one million people were killed.
The authorities have warned the secessionists against street protests and security forces are on patrol.
South-eastern Nigeria is mainly inhabited by the ethnic Igbo community, who often complain of marginalisation - accusing successive governments of failing to develop their areas.
Image caption Areas which pro-secessionist groups want as their own homeland
In the last few years, there have been a resurgence of support for a breakaway state of Biafra led by the banned group Indigenous People of Biafra (Ipob) and the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (Massob).
The BBC Igbo service says there has been a total shutdown in the Igbo heartland of Enugu and Anambra states.
Image copyright Eze Ndu / BBC Igbo Image caption This timber market in the oil hub of Port Harcourt was among the many businesses that observed the stay-away call
The southern oil city of Port Harcourt as well as parts of Abia state have also been affected by the stay-away.
You may also be interested in:
People have been sending in photos to BBC Igbo of deserted streets, including one of the iconic Niger River Bridge in Onitsha, known as the gateway to the east, which is usually congested with traffic.
Image copyright Tonie Iwoba / BBC Igbo Image caption Onitsha's Niger River Bridge would usually be heaving with traffic
Ipob leader Nnamdi Kanu is currently facing treason-related charges.
He has not been seen in public since last September when his house was raided by the Nigerian military. The army denies arresting him and his whereabouts are unknown.
Biafra at a glance:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigeria's Biafra leader in 1969 urges on his 'brave boys'
First republic of Biafra was declared by Nigerian military officer Odumegwu-Ojukwu in 1967
He led his mainly ethnic Igbo forces into a deadly three-year civil war that ended in 1970
More than one million people lost their lives, mostly because of hunger
Decades after Biafra uprising was quelled by the military, secessionist groups have attracted the support of many young people
They feel Nigeria's central government is not investing in the region
The government says their complaints are not particular to the south-east.
Read more:
'Nigeria treats us like slaves'
How first coup still haunts Nigeria 50 years on
Big Ang's mural is in jeopardy Janine Detore filed a Change.org petition to keep the mural, which her landlord complained was "offensive."
'Mob Wives' star's cousin busted for stealing filet mignon The cousin of former “Mob Wives” star Big Ang was busted trying to shoplift a filet mignon from a supermarket in Staten Island, law-enforcement sources said Monday. Sallyann Lombardi, 57,...
Big Ang's husband says they were never estranged “I never left her side. I went to every procedure, even though she didn't want me, I went," Neil Murphy said.
Big Ang mural goes up on Staten Island A giant portrait of the "Mob Wives" star was unveiled on Sunday.
Big Ang receives a fittingly larger-than-life sendoff Big Ang was laid to rest after a morning Mass inside the Basilica of Regina Pacis Church on 65th Street in Dyker Heights, Brooklyn.
Big Ang's big farewell The "Mob Wives" star's funeral was just as big as she was.
Big Ang wanted a disco party instead of a memorial The reality star told family she wanted them to party at Brooklyn nightclub Pastels.
'Mob Wives' cast to call a truce while honoring Big Ang The reality star will be remembered by friends and family at Brooklyn's Scarpaci Funeral Home on Saturday and Sunday.
Jarvis Landry has been traveling this offseason, most notably to England for an NFL promotional tour, but the fact he was in Davie Monday morning was a big deal.
The Miami Dolphins began their offseason conditioning program on Monday -- just as 23 other teams did -- and so players were expected to be present for the voluntary program. Except, you know, it is voluntary.
And often times players who want new contracts don't show up on such dates. Reshad Jones passed on the Dolphins' program to start 2016. Former Dolphins left tackle Branden Albert, traded to the Jacksonville Jaguars in March, did not report to the Jaguars Monday because he wants an extension.
The new contract is the thing and the players use their presence at conditioning programs and OTAs and minicamps as leverage to get a new deal.
Landry is not.
Landry showed up.
He wants a new contract, rest assured. The team knows it and Landry's agent has spoken to the Dolphins at least a dozen times on the matter this offseason.
But one of the issues that has been keeping this extension from actually being agreed to have been how Landry positions himself as a team leader.
And team leaders don't hold out for contract extensions. At least they don't if they expect to actually get that extension under this Dolphins administration.
Jones, you'll recall, held out in ‘16 and didn't get the extension he wanted that year even after he came back and reported for minicamp. He had to wait until March to get his extension.
The Dolphins have laid down a marker that tells players, if you want a contract extension, you do what is right all the time, including while you're itching for your money in the offseason. In other words, you show up when everyone else does.
That message has reached Landry. And then it was his choice whether he would do what seemed right in the eyes of the team or what seemed right to his own interests. Today, he did what seemed right to the team.
And in doing that, he definitely helped himself because this is the first step toward Landry getting that new extension. If Landry continues to show up, continues to participate in OTAs and minicamps and so forth, he's going to get his extension.
My guess is this will be done before the beginning of training camp in July but perhaps even sooner. It could come by the end of minicamp in mid June before everyone in the NFL goes on vacation.
That extension is going to make Landry the Dolphins' richest wide receiver, which is saying something because Kenny Stills this offseason signed an $8 million a year deal. Landry's deal will be bigger because he's caught over 280 passes for the team the past three years while outperforming his rookie deal.
One more thing about the significance of Landry showing up for the offseason program: Adam Gase said he would when he was asked at the NFL annual meeting if he was worried about a Landry holdout.
“I'm not because he's a football player that loves being part of our program,” Gase said. “He'll be there, trust me.”
It's good that Landry didn't make his coach look foolish. Making sure that doesn't happen is another way to get that contract extension.
Jarvis Landry is on the right course.
The young Israeli singer is tipped to win the competition
Israel's entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2018, Netta Barzilai, is a hot favourite to win the competition. Her song, TOY, has already racked up millions of views on YouTube.
Advertisement
Meet Netta below.
Who is Netta?
The 25-year-old Israel-born performer worked as a singer in the Israeli Navy Band before tackling Eurovision Song Contest qualification show HaKokhav HaBa, which she won earlier this year. She impressed judges and viewers with innovative covers of songs such as Psy's Gangnam Style and Ke$ha's TikTok built on vocal loops.
Barziali has spent most of her life in Hod HaSharon, a small town in central Israel, which is also the hometown of model Bar Rafaeli.
What is Israel's Eurovision 2018 song called?
Netta's entry, a bubbly pop song co-written with Eurovision veteran Doron Medalie, is called TOY. It kicks off with the singer arranging a beat out of vocal sounds including a chicken squawk, but becomes a bit more conventional when the electronic drums kick in.
Check it out below.
Advertisement
The Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final takes place in Lisbon, Portugal, on May 12th 2018
A Florida couple's feud over a Google search quickly escalated to violence when the wife reportedly shot her husband in the head, according to police.
Tony Brown, a prominent businessman, was discovered in a pool of blood Monday at his Fernandina Beach home after his 57-year-old wife, Lawanda Brown, allegedly wounded him, news station WPTV reported.
The 58-year-old husband, who owns a consulting agency with his wife, was nominated in 2001 by President George W. Bush for a position in the US Treasury Department. He also served as a former Riviera Beach Community Redevelopment Agency director.
The couple's source of conflict Monday stemmed from a project they were working on for their business, according to Nassau County Sheriff's Office.
Lawanda Brown claimed that her husband asked her to search Google for a project template but she became upset with his tone of voice. She told investigators that the last thing she remembered was her husband walking out of the room and then her memory became “a blur.”
Deputies arrived at the home around 1 p.m. to find the man was shot in the back of the head. He was airlifted to the hospital in critical condition, according to WPTV.
The wife was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. She remained in custody Wednesday at Nassau County Jail, where she is being held on $500,002 bail, according to court records.
In the third quarter of 2017, worldwide server revenue increased 16 percent year over year, while shipments grew 5.1 percent from the second quarter of 2016, according to Gartner, Inc.
“The third quarter of 2017 produced continued growth on a global level with varying regional results,” said Jeffrey Hewitt, research vice president at Gartner. “A build-out of infrastructure to support cloud and hybrid-cloud implementations was the main driver for growth in the server market for the period.”
“x86 servers increased 5.3 percent in shipments for the year and 16.7 percent in revenue in the third quarter of 2017. RISC/Itanium Unix servers declined globally, down 23.5 percent in shipments and 18.3 percent in vendor revenue compared with the same quarter last year. The ‘other' CPU category, which is primarily mainframes, showed a decline/increase of 54.5 percent,” Mr. Hewitt said.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) continued to lead in the worldwide server market based on revenue. Despite a decline of 3.2 percent, the company posted $3.1 billion in revenue for a total share of 21 percent for the third quarter of 2017 (see Table 1). Dell EMC maintained the No. 2 position with 37.9 percent growth and 20.8 percent market share. Inspur Electronics experienced the highest growth in the quarter with 116.6 percent, driven by ongoing sales into China-based cloud providers, as well as global expansion efforts. Table 1
Worldwide: Server Vendor Revenue Estimates, 3Q17 (U.S. Dollars) Company 3Q17 Revenue 3Q17 Market Share (%) 3Q16 Revenue 3Q16 Market Share (%) 3Q17-3Q16 Growth (%) HPE 3,144,197,027 21.3 3,247,173,253 25.5 -3.2 Dell EMC 3,070,405,586 20.8 2,227,185,685 17.5 37.9 IBM 1,130,618,441 7.7 889,723,595 7.0 27.1 Inspur Electronics 1,085,706,835 7.4 501,144,279 3.9 116.6 Cisco 996,248,000 6.8 929,440,000 7.3 7.2 Others 5,317,865,262 36.1 4,920,169,892 38.7 8.1 Total 14,745,041,151 100.0 12,714,836,704 100.0 16.0 Source: Gartner (December 2017) In server shipments, Dell EMC maintained the No. 1 position in the third quarter of 2017 with 17.8 percent market share (see Table 2). HPE secured the second spot with 16.4 percent of the market. Inspur Electronics was the only vendor in the top five to experience positive growth in the quarter. Table 2
Worldwide: Server Vendor Shipments Estimates, 3Q17 (Units) Company 3Q17 Shipments 3Q17 Market Share (%) 3Q16 Shipments 3Q16 Market Share (%) 3Q17-3Q16 Growth (%) Dell EMC 502,845 17.8 452,383 16.8 11.2 HPE 462,777 16.4 492,273 18.3 -6.2 Inspur Electronics 203,306 7.2 119,943 4.5 69.5 Lenovo 151,575 5.4 228,097 8.5 -33.5 Huawei 145,441 5.1 163,355 6.1 -11.0 Others 1,362,727 48.2 1,234,567 45.9 10.4 Total 2,828,617 100.0 2,691,618 100.0 5.1 Source: Gartner (November 2017) Additional information is available to subscribers of the Gartner Servers Quarterly Statistics Worldwide program. This program provides worldwide market size and share data by vendor revenue and unit shipments. Segments include: region, vendor, vendor brand, subbrand, CPU type, CPU group, max CPU, platform, price band, operating systems and distribution channels. About Gartner
Ben Mendelsohn, aka Orson Krennic in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, has said that the many reshoots during its making would have made for an “enormously different” movie.
"We did have multiple, multiple ways of going at any given scenario, we had multiple readings of it," Mendelsohn told Collider. "So should they ever decide to, there would be a wealth of ways of approaching these different things. And I know from having seen sort of the crucial kind of scenes throughout it, I know there's vastly different readings of at least four of those scenes.
He continued that there are “enormous differences within, I would've said 20 or 30 of the scenes. There really would be. There would be enormously different renderings.”
This explains a lot, given that there's a helluva lot of footage in the first couple of Rogue One trailer that didn't actually make it into the movie: Jyn running across the beach, for example, or that bit where she faced off with a TIE fighter like a total badass.
Now we're just left hoping that we might get to see all the possible versions on DVD. The force will be strong with that one.
Rogue One: A Star Wars story is in cinemas now
Ulster SHC Shield final: Convery fires Derry past Tyrone 17 April 2017
A general view of a Derry flag.
©INPHO/Presseye/Lorcan Doherty. A general view of a Derry flag.©INPHO/Presseye/Lorcan Doherty.
Derry 1-17
Tyrone 1-12
Ruairi Convery posted a dozen points as Derry reclaimed their place in the Ulster SHC proper for next season with victory over Tyrone in yesterday's Ulster Hurling Shield final at Carrickmore.
Convery was on fire from placed balls as the Oak Leafers chalked up their expected win. Tyrone were level three minutes into the second half thanks to a Damien Casey score, but points from Convery and a Gerald Bradley goal at the end of the third quarter pushed Derry seven clear.
The margin was back to three points when Justin Kelly netted with five minutes to go before a late Convery brace put the result beyond doubt.
Scorers - Derry: R Convery 0-12 (10 f, 1 sideline), G Bradley 1-2, P Cleary, M McGrath C Steele 0-1 each. Tyrone: D Casey 0-10 (9f), J Kelly 1-1, C Grogan 0-1
Derry: T McCloskey; R McCloskey, S Cassidy, R McCartney; P Cleary, M McGuigan, E Cassidy; B Og McGilligan, C McAllister; G Bradley, M McGrath, R Convery; J O'Dwyer, C Steele, C Waldron. Subs: O McCloskey for O'Dwyer (36), D Cartin for McCartney (45), G McCormick for Steele (55), T O'Kane for Waldron (73), B Quigley for Bradley (73).
Tyrone: C McElhatton; P McHugh, B Begley, S Muldoon; L Devlin, S Donnelly, T Morgan; A Kelly, J Kelly, C Grogan, P O'Kelly, C Cross; M Mulgrew, D Casey, B McGurk. Subs: D Marshall for Mulgrew (29), S Og Grogan for O'Kelly (45), R Devlin for Muldoon (52).
Ref: J Connors (Donegal).
Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is heading the investigating into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election, has expanded the inquiry to include an examination of possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is heading the investigating into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election, has expanded the inquiry to include an examination of possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump.
President Donald Trump promised to make health care more affordable, but a government report found higher out-of-pocket costs under the House Republican bill.
President Donald Trump promised to make health care more affordable, but a government report found higher out-of-pocket costs under the House Republican bill.
President Donald Trump is making his first Supreme Court visits at a moment of high legal drama.
President Donald Trump is making his first Supreme Court visits at a moment of high legal drama.
A new poll shows a clear majority of Americans think President Donald Trump has tried to interfere with the investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential Trump campaign collusion.
A new poll shows a clear majority of Americans think President Donald Trump has tried to interfere with the investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential Trump campaign collusion.
AP-NORC poll: Most in US think Trump meddled in Russia probe
AP-NORC poll: Most in US think Trump meddled in Russia probe
The shooting of a top House Republican drew concern and outrage from across the political spectrum Wednesday but also sparked debate about gun violence in the United States.
The shooting of a top House Republican drew concern and outrage from across the political spectrum Wednesday but also sparked debate about gun violence in the United States.
Lawmakers are returning to the Capitol and, they hope, to some semblance of normalcy a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
Lawmakers are returning to the Capitol and, they hope, to some semblance of normalcy a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
By JAKE PEARSON and MARY CLARE JALONICKAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, it has been reported.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that he believed he was fired "because of the Russia investigation."
Comey also testified he had told Trump he was not under investigation.
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: "The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal."
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information. The New York Times also reported the story.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they "look forward to future engagements" with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with or overlap one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said his panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and "any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations."
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before he was fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed him to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a "matter" and to avoid calling it an investigation.
"You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice ... It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis," according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey "took the opportunity in his testimony to clear his own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Just hours before the deadline to withdraw his name from the NBA Draft and preserve his college eligibility, Missouri forward Jontay Porter has done just that. Missouri announced in a press release Wednesday that Porter will return to Missouri for his sophomore season.
The return of Porter, who averaged 9.9 points, 6.8 rebounds, and 2.2 assists per game as a freshman, should instantly benefit Missouri's 2018 roster. Porter reclassified as a recruit and skipped his senior year of high school to join his brother Michael Porter Jr. at Missouri last season. Despite his youth, at times, he was Missouri's best player. He will join fellow sophomore Jeremiah Tilmon and senior Kevin Puryear in what figures to be one of the more formidable frontcourts in the SEC in 2018-2019. “We are excited that Jontay will return,” Missouri coach Cuonzo Martin said in the school's release. “He had a great experience going through the pre-Draft process, got the feedback that he needed to do what is best for him and he will learn from it to improve in all areas of his game. Jontay has the potential to make a big jump from his freshman season and he'll be a great leader for us on and off the court next year.”
Jontay Porter announced that he will return to Missouri for his sophomore season. Jordan Kodner/PowerMizzou
Porter declared for the draft on April 5, but he did not hire an agent, preserving his eligibility to return to college. However, sources close to Porter's family said that, if NBA teams indicated Porter would likely be selected in the first round, he would hire an agent and remain in the draft. Porter appeared in the first round of multiple mock drafts, and the consensus seemed to be that he was more likely to remain in the draft than return to school. At the NBA Combine, however, Porter did not test well in several agility drills, and he did not participate in 5-on-5 scrimmages, which may have hurt his draft stock. Porter recorded the slowest time of all players invited in the three-quarter-court sprint, and he also had the highest body fat percentage of all players in attendance. For the first time since he declared for the draft, rumors began to swirl that Porter was leaning toward a return to school.
There's no other way to say it right now. The Milwaukee Brewers are the National League's hottest team. The Crew knocked off the St. Louis Cardinals 8-3 on Memorial Day for the seventh win in the past eight games.
The Brewers now hold a 4.5-game lead over second place Chicago and are owners of the best record in the National League.
Advertisement
The pitching has been good, and the lineup has been excellent as of late. The month of May was thought of as one of the toughest of the season for the Brewers, with nearly every game coming against opponents at or above the .500 mark. Milwaukee has thrived, going 18-7 with two games remaining in the month.
After the season started with the Brewers feasting against lesser competition and struggling against good teams, Milwaukee has upped its play, winning five consecutive series, going 14-4 in that stretch.
In Monday's victory the Brewers followed the same recipe they've used all season for victories. Take the lead early, and turn it over to one of the best bullpens in baseball late.
Starting pitcher Brent Suter pitched five innings while allowing three runs on five hits and striking out six. He also helped out with his bat, clubbing a two-run double in the fourth inning to push Milwaukee's lead to 4-0.
Outfielders Christian Yelich and Ryan Braun both had good days as well. Yelich was 2-for-4 on the afternoon with his sixth home run of the season and Braun finished 3-for-3 with three runs scored.
The Brewers and Cardinals play the second game of this three game set on Tuesday night at Miller Park. Zach Davies is on the hill for Milwaukee and Michael Wacha is the probable starter for the Cardinals. First pitch is set for 6:40 p.m. CT.
Comments
comments
Here are the top five NHL games of the first week of 2017.
2016 was a great year for the NHL. However, 2017 should be an even more exciting year. The first week of the year will feature some very intriguing games. A few of them could serve as playoff previews. Several include division leaders. No matter which kind of match ups you like, you'll get a great one this week.
It's not a surprise three of them feature teams from the Metropolitan Division. The Metro has been the best division in hockey so far this season. With four of its teams among the top teams in the league, this makes for a lot of drama any time they play. Here are the five best NHL games to watch this week, starting on Jan. 3.
5. New York Rangers at Philadelphia Flyers
On Wednesday Jan. 4, the New York Rangers will visit the Philadelphia Flyers. This game will be shown on NBCSN and starts at 8:00 p.m. ET. It features two of the top teams in the Metropolitan Division. They last faced each other on Black Friday, with the Rangers winning 3-2 in dramatic fashion.
Entering 2017, New York is in third place in the Metropolitan Division. Meanwhile, the Flyers occupy the Eastern Conference's second wild card spot. Philadelphia is led by Jakub Voracek, who has 35 points. Captain Claude Giroux and forward Wayne Simmonds have 32 points a piece. Their 116 goals as a team ranks fourth in the league. However, their 120 goals allowed ranks 28th.
Meanwhile, the Rangers are trying to get all of their forwards healthy. Their 135 goals as a team are the most by any team. Derek Stepan leads the team with 30 points. Captain Ryan McDonagh leads the team with 23 assists. Chris Kreider leads the Rangers with 15 goals. Their offense has been a team effort, making them very difficult to stop.
4. Toronto Maple Leafs at Washington Capitals
On Tuesday Jan. 3, two of the top teams in the Eastern Conference will square off. The Washington Capitals will host the Toronto Maple Leafs in what promises to be an excellent game. Though the Leafs won 4-2 the last time they faced, at that point, the Caps were playing the second end of games on consecutive nights. This time, both teams will be rested.
Toronto is led by a trio of impressive rookies. Auston Matthews is considered by many to be the Calder Trophy favorite. As a teenager, the 2016 first overall pick already has 20 goals. William Nylander and Mitch Marner have both been impressive as well. The Maple Leafs have won five straight games.
Meanwhile, the Capitals are led by captain Alex Ovechkin and center Nicklas Backstrom. Goaltender Braden Holtby has been extremely hot as of late, placing himself back in the Vezina Trophy conversation.
3. Montreal Canadiens at Nashville Predators
Also on Tuesday, the Nashville Predators will host the Montreal Canadiens starting at 8:00 p.m. This will be the first time Shea Weber returns to Nashville following the infamous Weber for P.K. Subban trade this offseason. Expect a huge ovation from Predators fans.
Both teams should be fired up for this game. Subban and Weber should be very pumped up for this game, as each defenseman will be facing his former team. Montreal will be looking to get back on track, as they are just 4-3-3 over their last 10 games.
2. Minnesota Wild at San Jose Sharks
Starting at 10:30 p.m. ET on Thursday Jan. 5, the red-hot Minnesota Wild will visit the Pacific Division leading San Jose Sharks. Combined, the two teams are 17-3-0 over their last 20 games (10 games each). This could be a Western Conference Final preview, as two of the best teams in the West square off.
Both teams focus more on defense than offense. Devan Dubnyk is a very strong Vezina Trophy contender for the Wild, as he's among the league leaders in save percentage and goals against average. Meanwhile, San Jose allows very few shots on goal, making life easy for Martin Jones. The Sharks are led by Brent Burns and Joe Pavelski. On the other side of the ice, Ryan Suter and Eric Staal lead an impressive Wild team.
1. New York Rangers at Columbus Blue Jackets
Two of the best teams in the NHL will square off on Saturday Jan. 7 when the Columbus Blue Jackets host the New York Rangers. For a variety of reasons, this game should have a lot of drama. Blue Jackets head coach John Tortorella used to be the coach for the Rangers. Obviously that will make this game a bit more interesting.
However, the more intriguing thing is the Blue Jackets could advance their winning streak to an NHL record 18 games on Saturday. The streak is currently at 15 games. Should they win their games against the Edmonton Oilers and Washington Capitals, Saturday could be a historic evening.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Miles Bridges looked comfortable, effortlessly making jump shots toward the end of a tumultuous day at Michigan State.
Bridges scored 24 points and the sixth-ranked Spartans beat the Wisconsin Badgers 76-61 on Friday night, less than 12 hours after athletic director Mark Hollis announced his retirement amid the outcry over how the school handled allegations against Larry Nassar.
"There are a lot of things that happened today that are part of life," Michigan State coach Tom Izzo said .
Bridges was 8 of 13 overall and made four of six 3-pointers.
"Adding the 3 to his game has made him a harder guard," Wisconsin coach Greg Gard said. "Obviously, he's explosive to the rim and he does a good job of putting it on the floor."
The Spartans (19-3, 7-2 Big Ten) have won three straight after losing two of the previous three games.
Wisconsin (10-12, 3-6) has lost five of six.
The court was surrounded by a sea of teal T-shirts worn by students, hoping to raise awareness about sexual violence.
"Honoring our survivors was really neat that our students did it," Izzo said.
Hollis, a close friend of Izzo, is retiring as the latest leader to step away because of a sexual abuse scandal involving a former physician at the school. Michigan State President Lou Anna Simon announced her resignation Wednesday night, hours after Nassar was sentenced to decades in prison this week for molesting girls and young women.
Izzo refused to answer many questions related to the scandal, saying the top priority is for "our courageous survivors," during the healing process.
"I'm going to worry about my team, I'm going to worry about the survivors and I'm going to worry about what I do," he said.
Izzo, though, said he has no intention on being the next to leave Michigan State.
"I'm not going anywhere, in my mind," Izzo said. "I'm definitely not retiring ."
The recent series of events seemed to create a relatively subdued atmosphere at the usually raucous Breslin Center.
Cassius Winston had 17 points and six assists, Nick Ward had 12 points and 11 rebounds and Jaren Jackson had 11 points, seven rebounds and four blocks for the Spartans.
Wisconsin's Ethan Happ had 23 points and seven rebounds and Brevin Pritzl scored 13.
BIG PICTURE
Wisconsin: The short-handed Badgers are competing hard, trying to overcome to loss of injured guards D'Mitrik Trice and Kobe King along with the loss of five seniors from last year's team. After being down 37-21 at halftime against Michigan State, the Badgers outscored the Spartans 40-39.
"Specifically in the second half, we really battled and did a lot of good things," Gard said. "But you have to make shots."
Wisconsin was held to 21 percent in the first half and finished making 36 percent of its shots.
Michigan State: Izzo's mood the rest of the season will be something to watch. Izzo was the best man at Hollis' wedding and they were roommates decades ago when they were starting their careers at Michigan State. Choosing to keep his emotions to himself, Izzo didn't answer a question asking for his reaction to Hollis' decision.
THEY SAID IT
Michigan State football coach Mark Dantonio briefly addressed reporters in response to an ESPN report detailing various allegations involving Michigan State football and basketball players.
"I'm here tonight to say that any accusations of my handling of any complaints of sexual assault individually are completely false," Dantonio said. "Every incident reported in that article was documented by either police or the Michigan State Title IX office. I've always worked with the proper authorities when dealing with the cases of sexual assault."
Izzo chose not to say as much about the report.
"We will cooperate with any investigation going forward as we have always done," Izzo said.
UP NEXT
Wisconsin: Hosts Nebraska on Monday.
Michigan State: Visit Maryland on Sunday.
__
Follow AP Sports Writer Larry Lage: https://twitter.com/LarryLage
___
More AP college basketball coverage: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
After 13 cars failed qualifying inspection last Friday at Auto Club Speedway, NASCAR America's analysts addressed the current state of rules that resulted in all thirteen teams not getting to make a qualifying attempt.
While Kyle Busch said the issues are “not that big deal,” especially with the new scanning system still in its infancy, Jeff Burton disagrees. Burton points to how much engineering has become involved in the sport and trying to make cars better with NASCAR's rules.
“It's snowballed into this great big bag of rules,” Burton said. “We have all these rules that the teams have forced NASCAR to create. I don't know the way out of it. There are two ways to do it. You make the penalties harsher, with the theory being they won't do it if the penalty is so harsh, or you have fewer rules. The problem is if you have fewer rules you're going to have more cars that aren't within those rules as they are.”
After the issues in Cup qualifying, NASCAR told Xfinity Series teams on Saturday that any team that did not attempt a lap in qualifying would start from the rear of the field and be required to serve a pass-through penalty once the green flag waved.
“It is a mess, but I disagree with Kyle (Busch), it is a big deal,” Burton said, citing fans who don't get to see their favorite driver qualifying. “That's not good. That's not good for sponsors, that's mainly not good for mainly race fans. If race fans tune in and their guy isn't on track, why are they going to tune in next week? They deserve to see their guy on track. It's got to get fixed.”
NASCAR announced Monday that inspection this weekend at Martinsville Speedway would take place after qualifying and would also serve as pre-race inspection.
Jarrett, who said there are too many rules, agreed with Burton.
“The only way of fixing this is making the penalty so severe that these teams aren't going to take any chances,” Jarrett said.
Watch the above video for more.
Introduced to the UK in 2012 and played competitively since 2014, the popularity of footgolf has spread quickly.
BBC Wales Sport met up with some of the world's leading players at Newport's Celtic Manor, where around 150 players from 10 different countries were competing.
Univision, the embattled Spanish-language broadcaster, is hoping a change at the top will turn around its fortunes.
As widely speculated, the company on Wednesday said it will bring on Vincent Sadusky as chief executive — succeeding Randy Falco.
One of Sadusky's first orders of business will be to bring on Peter Kern as a special adviser, The Post has learned.
Kern, the current CEO of Tribune Media Co., who is currently overseeing his company's merger with Sinclair Broadcast Group, serves on the board of Hemisphere Media Group, a Spanish-language firm, alongside Sadusky.
Sadusky comes to Univision from Media General, where he served as president and CEO of from 2014 to 2017. He previously held several executive roles at Telemundo.
Sadusky, 53, has been brought in to “clean up” Univision, which translates to modernizing the company with the possibility of preparing it for sale, sources told The Post.
That desire isn't exactly novel.
In fact, Falco had been tasked with pretty much the same duties — but Univision tried twice unsuccessfully to go public, including as recently as March. That effort was withdrawn after Univision missed its estimated 2017 financial goals by $200 million.
Falco had signed his new deal just months before letting the board know of the financial shortfall. The board would soon sour on Falco, sources said.
Critics also knocked Falco for his lavish spending.
The CEO bought a gold watch on behalf of the company for Univision ad sales chief Keith Turner, and gave Chief Revenue Officer Tonia O'Connor a Hermès purse, sources said.
O'Connor, who has been a public face of the company, found herself in the middle of a PR kerfuffle in mid-May when Univision's communications team tweeted a photo of her at the company's upfront presentation highlighting her pricey Missoni outfit.
“Staff are upset, and there were comments, saying, ‘How could they put a photo up of Tonia and promote her designer outfit when everyone else is being fired?'” a Univision source told Page Six at the time.
Univision declined to comment.
Management is hoping to turn the page with Sadusky's arrival.
“Vince is distinctly qualified to lead UCI through the next phase of its growth, given his impressive track record of leadership, vision, deep industry experience and relationships,” Univision Chairman Haim Saban said in a statement.
Every time we start feeling confident that our powerful human brains totally have it together, along comes a visual illusion that makes us question our very sanity. For instance, this image created by illusion artist Victoria Skye is boggling the Internet's collective mind.
Take a close look at this image.
Do those horizontal blue stripes look like they're diagonal, tilting upwards and downwards? It certainly looks that way to us.
But when the image is blurred, you can quickly see the truth…
Yup! All of those lines, both horizontal and vertical, are as straight and parallel as a checkerboard. That's the exact same image, just much blurrier! Check out this animation, in which the image gets gradually blurrier, for proof.
Don't worry—you're not the only one baffled by this head-scratcher. One Twitter user didn't believe it until he measured the vertical space between the bars, and another had to put the image in Illustrator to verify that the lines were indeed straight. The artist herself, Victoria Skye, even admitted, “I created it and it still fools me.” (Here's another puzzler: can you find the turtle in this picture? Over 50% of people can't!)
So what is it about this image that tricks our eyes so much? Well, it's based on a well-known optical illusion called the “Café Wall,” so called because of a real café wall in Bristol. (Turns out England is quite the hub for optical illusions; London is even using them to curtail speeding.) The illusion comes from a combination of the “colors, angles and edges,” says Skye. And those tricky little diamonds in the corners don't help matters. It has to do with the way our eyes see light and dark colors. “That's why, if you blur the image, the effect disappears,” Skye explains. “Because you cannot resolve the tiny white-black interactions once they are blurred, so the brain is no longer led down the garden path.”
Speaking of things that lead your brain astray, these surprisingly grammatically correct “garden path” sentences will do just that.
[Source: boingboing.net, telegraph.co.uk, metro.co.uk]
Two months after announcing plans to close, Costumes on Haight (735 Haight St. near Pierce) has restructured its operations to make the shop more sustainable. According to manager Austin Efurd, the 28-year-old shop "is still alive and kicking and hopeful to stay open with the support of the community."As we reported in February, the Lower Haight costume shop was set to close due to rising costs, changing demographics and its business model, which had trouble keeping pace with online retailers that sell lower-quality costumes.In a press release, Efurd said new management policies, consolidating operations and more community support are keeping the company going."When I stepped into leadership, I thought it would be about closing accounts, encouraging the creative artists on our team to find new sources of income, and supporting the community as it lost another unique SF gem," Efurd said. "I didn't expect to find this glimmer of hope."To cut costs in half, Eford said the store has reduced its storage space and hours of operation."While not a solve-all solution, this consolidation has kept us open and offers the SF community a chance to vote with their dollars to keep a part of quirky and queer San Francisco alive," he said.Going forward, he said the store also hopes to support local artists. "If we are able to raise enough capital to pay off old debt, Costumes on Haight will become even more of a hot spot for connecting the community with local artists who craft magical and affordable wearable art."Costumes on Haight is hosting another liquidation sale this weekend; all items will be 50 percent off, and rental costumes will be sold at rental prices.
About
The branding is crafted based on the gallivanting nature of the client's line of work as a travel journalist and editor - inspiration from passpo… Read More
The branding is crafted based on the gallivanting nature of the client's line of work as a travel journalist and editor - inspiration from passport and visa stamps are key signature elements applied across the collaterals. The experience is expanded to its website and the series of guide books of well-curated selection of well-designed places to check out in various cities. PetitePassport began as an online platform and has been a widely referenced travel sites for well-heeled travellers going for well-designed spaces. Read Less
Published:
YouTube's most popular star, PewDiePie, is known for his outlandish pranks and crude jokes, but this time he may have gone too far by posting anti-Semitic imagery in a number of videos.
Disney's Maker Studios is severing ties with PewDiePie, real name Felix Kjellberg, after the Wall Street Journal reported on the offensive videos.
YouTube, the platform where Kjellberg catapulted to fame playing video games and where he has made millions of dollars, signaled it is distancing itself from the star by canceling the release of his upcoming second season and removing him from the Google Preferred channel, a representative told NBC News.
In one video, the Swede paid two Indian men through the service Fiverr, where people do freelance jobs for as little as $5, to make a video shirtless, holding a sign that said, "Death to All Jews."
The video has since been deleted, but in a clip posted on the Wall Street Journal's website, Kjellberg appears surprised the men actually followed through with the stunt, which they later apologized for and said they did not know what it meant.
Other videos included swastikas drawn by fans; the Nazi anthem; and, in one video, the Swede donned a brown uniform and watched a Hitler speech, according to a review by the WSJ. Many of the offending videos appear to now be deleted.
Related: Why YouTube's Biggest Star PewDiePie Threatened to Delete His Account
"He keeps arguing it is just a joke, but joking normalizes this in the long term," Richard Levick, founder and CEO of Levick, a global communications firm specializing in crisis communications, told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Want to be a millionaire? Consider a career on YouTube 3:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Kjellberg made $15 million last year, ending in June, according to a review by Forbes, making him the highest paid YouTube star. He has amassed nearly 14.7 billion video views since he started his account in April 2010, according to Social Blade.
On Sunday, a post on a Tumblr account Kjellberg has been known to use said he was not supporting "any kind of hateful attitudes" and that he understands "these jokes were ultimately offensive."
"I was trying to show how crazy the modern world is, specifically some of the services available online. I picked something that seemed absurd to me — that people on Fiverr would say anything for 5 dollars," the post said.
"As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don't support these people in any way," the post said.
Kjellberg did not immediately respond to NBC News' request for an interview.
"I think it is clear from his responses, his non-apology apologies, he thinks his brand is big enough to withstand this and the controversy will do him well and he will get more subscribers," Levick said.
"Until he suffers any financial consequences, he will only see this as brand additive," Levick said. It's this mentality that "as long as they're talking about me, it's a good thing."
No “Josh Norman” situation to see here.
The Carolina Panthers worked out a long-term deal with Pro-Bowl defensive tackle Kawann Short on Monday.
A source told the Observer that Short's deal is for five years and $80 million, meaning he will be a Panther through 2021.
National NFL reporter Ian Rapoport tweeted that $35.5 million was guaranteed fully to Short at signing, and that he will get $40 million in the first two years alongside $45 million in total guarantees.
Details on #Panthers DT Kawann Short's monster deal: 5 years, $80.5M. $35M fully guaranteed at signing. $45M in total guarantees. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) April 17, 2017
The contract means Short, 28, avoided the franchise tag previously offered by the Panthers, worth $13.1 million for one year.
“KK has been very important to what we've been able to accomplish on defense,” said general manager Dave Gettleman. “In 2013, when we drafted KK, I thought he was the best pass-rushing defensive tackle in the draft, and he's been able to develop into one of the top young defensive tackles in the NFL. Off the field, KK is a top-notch young man and great representative of our team. I'm absolutely thrilled that we were able to get this deal done.”
The situation is just about the opposite of last year's franchise tag fiasco with former corner Norman, who wanted more money than the Panthers offered and did not sign the tag - Gettleman ended up rescinding it and Norman went to Washington.
That whole Josh Norman thing, that's still my guy and I still talk to him a lot. I just knew it wasn't going to go that route because of the communication and what we needed to do on our end upstairs. Carolina Panthers defensive tackle Kawann Short
Short said his situation would be different than Norman's at the end of the 2016 season, when speculation arose about whether he'd be the next player to be offered the tag. As it turns out, he was right.
“I didn't even think about that,” he said. “Because I knew if it wasn't going to turn out that way. I knew I was either going to sign the tender or get an extension. That whole Josh Norman thing, that's still my guy and I still talk to him a lot. I just knew it wasn't going to go that route because of the communication and what we needed to do on our end upstairs.”
Short said his team and the Panthers communicated “almost every day” as negotiations progressed.
“Just very respectful on both ends of the court,” he said. “I told them what I wanted and what I wanted to happen, and I didn't want to go that route. And they understood...The whole thing was that the communication on both ends was outstanding.”
Carolina also announced that starting guard Andrew Norwell had signed his second-round restricted free agent tender for 2017 (worth $2.75 million), a steal for his talent. Backup center Tyler Larsen and backup punter Michael Palardy signed their exclusive-rights tenders on Monday as well.
WATROUS, N.M. — Amtrak says the lead engine of a passenger train crossing northern New Mexico partially derailed when it struck a boulder on the tracks, delaying the train for over 10 hours but causing no serious injuries.
The incident occurred Thursday evening on Burlington Northern Santa Fe tracks near Watrous (WAH'-trohse) about 105 miles (169 kilometres) northeast of Albuquerque.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari says the nine-car train carrying 132 passengers and 14 crew members couldn't resume its journey from Los Angeles to Chicago until Friday morning after the boulder was removed and the tracks repaired.
Magiiari says the train's second engine remained on the tracks and that the train still had power, heating and toilet service while it remained at the derailment site.
Igbo Quit Notice: Groups Call For Youth Confab
By Chibuzo Ukaibe,
In a move to douse tensions generated by the three-month quit notice given to Igbos in the North, a coalition of ethnic nationalities yesterday ‎pleaded for calm and called for the convening of a national youth confab.
The groups which met in Abuja and urged a ceasefire among the various youth groups in the country, also demanded that the acting President Yemi Osinbajo should attend the conference.
The added that the confab will afford Osinbajo an opportunity to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.
The groups noted that their call for a ceasefire was influenced by the intervention of former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi.
The groups stated this in a communique yesterday after a meeting. The communique was signed by Comrade Eric Oluwale of the Yoruba Youth Council Worldwide and Secretary General Ethnic National Youths Leaders; Comrade Emma Zompal of the Middle Belt Youth Council Worldwide; Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council; Barr. Oweilaemi Ereotubo of the Ijaw Youths; and Arewa Northern youths assembly led by Alh Ibrahim Waiya.
The communique was read by the middle belt youth council National President‎, Emma Zompal, flanked by over 100-man delegation.
The communique read in part: “We condemned the quit notice served by Arewa youths‎ to Igbos resident in the North and have resolved for peace to reign in all quarters. The meeting has, however, instituted peace process of reconciling the north and the south east
“We are still insisting on restructuring of the country so as to guarantee an equitable federalism for peaceful co existence.
“For the collective interest of Nigeria, we are calling for a ceasefire among all the aggrieved youth groups in the country. Pushing this matter too far has grave implication for Nigeria and by extension, the youths.
“We have resolved to toe the line of peace owing to the fatherly advice from the former governor of Anambra State, Chief Peter Obi, the Okwute Ndigbo. The youths, without hesitation, are ready to heed his advice considering his towering reputation beyond the shores of Nigeria. He remains in history as the best Governor Anambra has ever had and for that singular reason, his intervention is welcome.
“Obi has made it clear to the youths that there is futility in disunity and songs of war. He has convinced us that we are better of together, united.
‎”In the light of the above, we call for immediate end to further verbal exchanges on the above matter. This is the time for us to unite and champion a common course for Nigeria's unity.
“However, the youths hereby resolved that there will be a national Youth confab in other to address fundamental problem confronting our dear country by July; date and venue will be communicated in due course.
“The confab must have in attendance the Acting President of Nigeria, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. This shall be an opportunity for him to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.”
The post Igbo Quit Notice: Groups Call For Youth Confab appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The 14th Funakoshi Gichin World Karate Championships are to be hosted by JKA Ireland at the University of Limerick from August 17 to 20.
The city will also host the World Gasshuku to be held on the August 15 and 16, with 10 Japan Karate association masters visiting and teaching students from all over the World.
This is the first time this competition has been held in Ireland, as it only comes out of Japan every 6 years.
JKA Ireland are expecting a huge number of visitors to arrive in the University of Limerick and Limerick city from August 14 onwards.
On August 18, the Junior championships will begin at 9am and all registration details will be on the official World championships website www.jkaworldchapionships2017.com
JKA Ireland has been operating in Ireland since 1976 under the guidance and hard work of Sensei Noel Casey 7th Dan black belt.
Sensei Noel Casey is currently JKA Chief instructor for Ireland and is also a world class international referee and judge, he also holds a grade A instructors licence, JKA Students in Ireland Can Grade to 2nd Dan black belt licensed by Japan with Sensei Casey.
For more information on the upcoming tournament, see www.jkaworldchapionships2017.com
The 2018 World Championships take place March 21 – 25 at the Mediolanum Forum in Milan, Italy.
As is usual following an Olympic Winter Games, a few of the top names will be missing from the competition roster. Some have retired, others are taking a break, and others have been forced to sit this one out due to injury.
The absence of reigning World champions Yuzuru Hanyu and Evgenia Medvedeva, both sidelined with foot injuries, has left the door wide open for two new global champions to be crowned in the singles disciplines.
A total of 192 skaters from 43 ISU member nations are slated to compete: 37 men, 37 ladies, 28 pairs and 31 ice dance teams. Berths at the 2019 World Championships are on the line in Milan and those nations that did not receive a full complement in each discipline last season will be chasing that magic number of 13 this year.
THE MEN
Japan's Shoma Uno, Boyang Jin of China and America's Nathan Chen will be in a three-way battle for the coveted title. Uno has to be the odds-on favourite after claiming the silver medal in PyeongChang, followed by Jin who skated into fourth with two solid programs.
Chen will need to get his nerves under control and focus on the competition and not placement – or hype – if he hopes to defeat Uno and Jin. He has the technical goods but his artistic skills are still a work-in-progress, as was evidenced by the program component scores he received for his free skate in PyeongChang.
THE LADIES
Alina Zagitova seems a sure bet to take the gold in her senior debut in Milan, but who will land on the other two steps of the podium? Kaetlyn Osmond has had the best season of her career to date and, after claiming bronze at the Games, she will be looking to close out the season with a silver lining. Japan's Satoko Miyahara, who finished fourth at the Olympics, could also be in the mix to medal in Milan.
This will be the final competition for Carolina Kostner, who would no doubt love to close out her career with one final World medal. However, Russia's Maria Sotskova will be looking for redemption following her disappointing result at the Games as will Mirai Nagasu of the U.S. If her triple Axel holds up a podium finish could also be in the cards for her.
THE PAIRS
Germany's Aljona Savchenko and Bruno Massot, the only Olympic medalists who will compete in this discipline in Milan, will be chasing their first World title. With the retirement of Canada's Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford and China's Wenjing Sui and Cong Han forced to skip the competition as she recovers from a serious foot injury, there are two open steps on the podium.
Three other teams have the potential to claim them. If Russia's Evgenia Tarasova and Vladimir Morozov can skate clean they will be prime candidates. French stars, Vanessa James and Morgan Ciprès, fifth in Korea, are also top picks for a podium finish, but they, like the Russians, will need to keep the mistakes to a minimum and not repeat the performances they laid down in PyeongChang.
Italy's Valentina Marchei and Ondřej Hotárek were on fire at the Games. If they can bring that same energy to their performances at Worlds, they will also have a good shot at claiming a step on their first World podium.
ICE DANCE
Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron of France will have no challenge reclaiming the title they lost to the Canadian team last season, and with the Shibutani siblings sitting this one out, silver and bronze are up for grabs.
America's Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donohue are at the top of the list. With error-free performances they would be a solid bet to take the silver. A freak fall in the free dance in Korea left their teammates, Madison Chock and Evan Bates, buried in the standings, but they are fighters and will be seeking redemption in Milan. Homeland favorites, Anna Cappellini and Luca Lanotte, will also be chasing a podium finish to close out the season on a high note.
LIVE IN MILAN:
Just getting to Worlds proved to be a challenge for many skaters whose flights were rescheduled or cancelled due to early Spring weather. This resulted in delays and long layovers in foreign airports for some. Michal Březina tweeted on Monday afternoon that he sat for two hours on an American Airlines flight at Miami International that ended up not going anywhere.
Canadian pairs skater Drew Wolfe arrived in Milan without his luggage and skates. Lufthansa was still trying to find his bags on Monday evening, which meant he missed a day of practice.
Brazil's Isadora Williams had an unpleasant start to her Worlds experience. We hope the rest of her week is a lot brighter.
SEE ALSO:
Live Stream/TV Options
Start Orders/Live Results
OFFICIAL WEBSITE
PRACTICE AND EVENT SCHEDULE
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Teaching staff are largely women but schools are among the employers with the biggest gender pay gaps
Walk into any school and one thing is blindingly obvious.
Teaching remains a largely female profession.
The pay bill for teaching staff in a secondary school is at least half its expenditure.
Yet 40 of the 100 companies with the biggest pay gap across England, Wales and Scotland - that have currently declared their figures - are primary or secondary schools, with 10 of those having a median pay gap of 50% or higher.
Employers with more than 250 staff are now publishing the data for their median average hourly pay for men and women.
By law, all companies in Great Britain have to report their gender pay gap to the government by 4 April.
So far, 2,516 of an estimated 9,000 companies have reported their figures including 181 primary and secondary schools.
Of those, only 11 pay women more than men.
The figure used to define the gender pay gap is the median hourly rate for men and women.
It's the mid-point between the highest and lowest earners, and gives us an insight into how many women get into senior, well paid positions.
The Peninsula Learning Trust runs seven primary schools and one secondary academy in Cornwall.
The gender pay gap is 59.8% in the median hourly rate between men and women.
The trust told us this was to do with the structure of its workforce and "no discrimination takes place between men and women".
The Ocean Learning Trust, which runs primary schools in the Bournemouth and Poole area, has confirmed a gender pay gap of 55%, but says it does not discriminate in any way.
And Batley Multi Academy Trust in Yorkshire, with a gap of 49.1%, said it had a large number of part-time employees in roles like housekeeping and lunchtime supervision.
There is no doubt that more women end up in lower paid jobs, some of them valuable support roles, in schools.
But some schools have reported a positive gender balance with women's median pay greater than men:
White Rose Academies Trust in Leeds: - 4.6% (in other words: women get paid 4.6% more than men)
Northern Schools Trust in Liverpool: -1.9%
South Lincolnshire Academies Trust: -1.6%
So what does this mean for equal pay, the right of women and men to be paid the same for work of similar responsibility and requiring a similar level of skills?
The teaching unions remain concerned that government data shows male teachers are £900 better off, and men in leadership roles can be paid £4,000 more, than women doing similar work.
The National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) has called for the teachers' pay review body to look at the issue of their members taking their salary with them when they move schools.
The union says there is evidence that women are more likely to start on a lower salary when they transfer.
It says this accounts for some of the gender pay gap between teachers.
And all the unions have expressed concerns that women going on maternity leave are sometimes asked to wait to receive pay progression.
You may also like:
So what could be done to reduce the gender pay gap in schools?
Some serious thinking must take place into why women are less likely to end up running a school.
As the National Education Union points out, in secondary schools, 36% of teachers are men, yet 62% of head teachers are men.
Women may not be making it to the top jobs for a variety of reasons.
Research by the National Foundation for Educational Research last year found only one in six secondary school teachers in England is part-time.
Part-time teachers are more likely to leave the profession, according to their analysis.
With so many women going into teaching, it suggests that secondary schools in particular need to look hard at helping female teachers through the most difficult years of having a young family.
Debris washed ashore near an airport where a small plane carrying six people took off shortly before it vanished over Lake Erie near Cleveland, the city said Sunday.
Authorities received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and their two neighbors departed late Thursday. Police also continued to investigate the contents of a bag found earlier Sunday near a private harbor in Bratenahl, a small lakeside community near Cleveland.
The debris had not yet been verified as coming from the missing plane, authorities said.
“We want to remind everyone that this is an active investigation,” Police Chief Calvin Williams said. “If you see something that could be debris from the plane, we are asking people to avoid touching it, and to call the Division of Police immediately.”
John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting the plane. His wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbors were also aboard.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles out during a scheduled return trip to Columbus, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends were attending a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The Coast Guard began searching the air after being notified soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions prevented smaller Coast Guard boats from the Cleveland area from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness Sunday and planned to return Monday morning, weather permitting.
The Cleveland Division of Fire, the U.S. Coast Guard and Underwater Marine Contractors launched boats, and dive teams are ready to search the lake once the plane is located.
The mayor's office says four boats are equipped with sonar that can track underwater images and are searching a grid near the plane's last known location. A fifth boat is surveying the shoreline for debris that may have washed ashore.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board continue to investigate.
[December 11, 2017] New Consortium Aims to Humanize the Digital Workplace
To address the growing problem of information overload within the modern workplace, an independent consortium of multidisciplinary experts has been formed to help reduce its adverse impact on worker productivity and morale. Called the "Humanizing the Digital Workplace Consortium," the team will examine why companies make the mistake of forcing employees into tech-driven workflows that don't match humans' natural way of thinking and working. The consortium will identify solutions and offer guidance to companies about creating people-centric approaches that improve worker productivity, creativity and wellbeing. Organizations continue to spend millions of dollars on productivity solutions and enterprise apps to support their workers, but ironically, those very solutions are contributing to the information and app overload problem hurting productivity, according to consortium member David Lavenda, who is also a co-founder of harmon.ie. "Companies have struggled to maximize their workers' efforts for the past decade with little to show for it. This is an issue with huge implications and I couldn't think of a better group of people to examine all of the factors that have led us to this point, while offering ideas on how to overcome this challenge," said Lavenda. Members of the "Humanizing the Digital Workplace Consortium" include: - Alexandra Levit is a former nationally syndicated columnist for The Wall Street Journal and writer for The New York Times, Fast Company, and Forbes. She has authored several books, including the international bestseller They Don't Teach Corporate in College. - Dr. Paul Root Wolpe is the Asa Griggs Candler Professor of Bioethics at the Emory Center for Ethics. Dr. Wolpe is the author of over 125 articles, editorials, and book chapters in sociology, medicine, and bioethics, and has contributed to a variety of encyclopedias on bioethical issues. - Amy Morin is a psychotherapist, lecturer at Northeastern University, and an internationally recognized expert in mental strength. Her book, 13 Things Mentally Strong People Don't Do, is an international bestseller that is being translated into 29 languages. Her latest book, 13 Things Mentally Strong Parents Don't Do, teaches parents how to become mental strength coaches so they can raise resilient children in the modern world. - R "Ray" Wang is the Principal Analyst, Founder, and Chairman of Constellation Research, Inc. He's also the author of the popular business strategy and technology blog "A Software Insider's Point of View" and the best-selling book Disrupting Digital Business. - Gloria Mark is a Professor of Informatics (News - Alert) at the University of California, Irvine. She has published over 150 papers in the top journals and conferences in the fields of human-computer interactions (HCI) and computer-supported cooperative work (CSCW) and is author of the book Multitasking in the Digital Age. - Aaron Levy is the Founder and CEO of Raise The Bar Consulting, a firm focused on helping companies retain their Millennial talent by empowering managers to be better leaders of people. Aaron is an ICF Associate Certified Coach, a Thrive Global contributor, an 1871 mentor, the Co-Director of Startup Grind Chicago, and a member of the Forbes Coaches Council.
- Manfred Leu is the Head of Digital Workplace User Adoption and Consulting, and a Director of IT at Swiss Re, and is committed to implementing an IT environment that improves worker productivity. - David Lavenda is a Co-Founder and Vice President of Marketing and Product Strategy for harmon.ie. Lavenda is a scholar for the Society for the History of Technology and is a regular contributor to major business publications such as Fast Company and CMSWire. To launch the consortium, each member offered insights into the top workplace trends of 2018: - Rise of the Remote Workers: Organizations will optimize the remote worker experience by implementing new processes and tools that increase engagement so businesses can empower people to work where they are most comfortable. Giving employees the power to choose their location during work hours is an important step towards increasing productivity throughout an organization. - Amy Morin - Augmenting Humanity: As machine learning and AI take shape in the workplace, expect augmented intelligence to reshape the future of work. Areas with high repetitive, high volume, high nodes of interactions, and high complexity will most likely be moved to automation and AI. Skill sets that require creativity, new levels of complexity, and physical presence will remain in human hands. This augmentation of humanity will reshape not only how we work, but also determine where we work, what we work on, when we work and why we work. - R "Ray" Wang - Working in Transit: As we enter the era of autonomous cars, mobile work stations are going to be much more elaborate and sophisticated. Soon, workers will be able to set up a whole work station in their back seat, and it won't be much different than sitting in an office. - Dr. Paul Root Wolpe - Measuring Productivity: We'll see a rise of analytics to tell from an objective standpoint who is more productive, who will stay at or leave a job, where the greatest source of qualified recruits are coming from, and more. We have a very small percentage of organizations using analytics in this way (only 15% right now), and we'll start to see more organizations adopting this in the coming year(s). - Alexandra Levit - Outcomes-focused Work over Time-focused Work: With GenZ and Millennials taking up much of the workforce, we'll see a shift from 'Nine to Five' mentality to 'finish-the-job' mentality, even if it takes only half the time or is done remotely. - Aaron Levy - A New Path to Employee Engagement: Knowledge workers will adopt quickly to new ways of working with information and collaborating with colleagues if we can inspire them by offering creative and user-friendly solutions, and surprise them with exceptional service at any touchpoint throughout the entire user journey. Young talent will choose their employer also based on a modern working environment and their perceived working culture. - Manfred Leu - AI Gets Pragmatic: The promise of AI starts to be realized, but in limited, practical ways. Rather than the job-eating technology that people fear, AI will power cloud applications that are able to anticipate information a worker will need to complete a task and provide it proactively. It sounds counter-intuitive, but AI will actually help humanize technology. - David Lavenda About harmon.ie
harmon.ie (www.harmon.ie) makes user experience tools for the digital workspace, built to deliver information the way the human brain works. The company is a pioneer in Topic Computing; its flagship harmon.ie Collage solution breaks down data siloes from business applications by grouping information by topics, thereby surfacing what's most important to knowledge workers. harmon.ie provides a cohesive, people-first user experience supported by cognitive science and powered by machine learning to enhance employee productivity and help organizations overwhelmed with data. The company is a Microsoft Partner of the Year Finalist and an IBM (News - Alert) global partner. Follow harmon.ie on Twitter and LinkedIn. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171211005042/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The eruption of Hawaii's Kilauea volcano that has destroyed dozens of homes on the Big Island and forced thousands to flee is also resulting in the loss of an estimated million of dollars in tourism revenue.
"We're seeing that [hotel] booking pace for June, July and August has slowed down almost 50 percent" from normal, says Ross Birch, executive director of the Island of Hawaii Visitors Bureau. Booking cancellations are now legion, "from the highest luxury hotel, down to the smallest bed and breakfast," he said.
And as mainlanders who planned to take cruises, guided tours and earth science workshops bail, Birch said, some businesses that cater to them are closing or laying off workers. Hawaii's tourism industry on the Big Island had visitor spending of around $2.4 billion in 2017, according to the state tourism authority.
People watch as lava flows into the Pacific Ocean southeast of Pahoa during ongoing eruptions of the Kilauea Volcano in Hawaii on May 20, 2018. Terray Sylvester / Reuters
Particularly hard hit are tour guides that operate solely in Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. The park and surrounding gateway areas in 2017 drew $166 million in visitor spending that supports more than 2,000 jobs, according to the National Park Service. As Kilauea erupted and the ground shook, the park closed May 11.
"We're at a grinding halt until the national park reopens," says Erik Storm, owner of Kilauea EcoGuides.
Eighty-two structures have been destroyed in the Kilauea eruptions, which began on May 3, a spokesman with Federal Emergency Management Agency said on Friday. Many of those structures are believed to have been destroyed by lava, spokesperson David Mace said.
Even attractions that are beyond a safe distance from the eruption affecting the southeastern side of the Big Island are feeling the effects.
"Naturally, there have been cancellations that have come through," says Simon Amos, a hotel manager based in the popular destination of Waikoloa Village, on the opposite side of the Big Island. "Obviously a lot of people around the world are concerned about what's going on."
Kilauea has been erupting since 1983, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. Kilauea's summit has seen explosive eruptions since the current eruptive period began, and ash emissions from the summit continued Saturday, with plumes reaching around 12,000 feet, according to the USGS.
The first outbreak of lava, which occurred on May 3, followed days of earthquake activity, the agency said. The region was hit with a 6.9-magnitude temblor on May 4, the USGS said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption An Oxford Mail reporter filmed the explosion
A fatal explosion in Oxford could have been prevented if police had acted on warnings, a councillor has claimed.
Guido Schuette died in the blast that destroyed three flats and badly damaged others in the Gibbs Crescent area on 14 February.
Susanna Pressel said she understands police officers visited the 48-year-old on the day of the blast because he had threatened to blow up the building.
Thames Valley Police has not commented on the claim.
Labour city and county councillor for the area Ms Pressel said she could not understand why officers did not search Mr Schuette's flat.
Image copyright Alexander Hammonds Image caption Up to 40 firefighters were needed to control the fire following the explosion
She added: "The police were called to the scene on the day of the explosion by a neighbour who was very worried because Guido Schuette was threatening to blow the place up. So the police called on him.
"They had been called a few days before as well, they knew what sort of person he was, they could have prevented this in my view."
Three flats were destroyed in the explosion, and others were badly damaged.
Those affected remain boarded up and will be demolished "as soon as is practically possible", housing association A2 Dominion has said.
No date has yet been set for an inquest into Mr Schuette's death.
Image copyright Reuters
For nearly 3.5 million people on Puerto Rico, there is a new way of life to get used to.
Without electricity, the day now starts closer to sunrise and comes to a halt once it gets dark. Communications are near impossible; there is little sense of what is happening in the outside world without TV or the internet.
Credit card machines don't work and cash dispensers do no dispensing. In the tropical heat and humidity, the air conditioners no longer hum.
The current projection is that a quarter of Puerto Rico might have its electricity supply back by December.
It is truly extraordinary that this is happening in a territory belonging to the most powerful economy in the world.
The island may not be a "state" of the USA, but Puerto Ricans are natural-born American citizens. They can travel back and forth to the US mainland as they please and everyone I met in Puerto Rico had connections with the continental USA.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption It may be December before Puerto Ricans have electricity again
Lesley Quinones, 33, whom we found after her home in the town of Loiza was destroyed, had spent years living in Syracuse in New York state until her mother asked her to come back to Puerto Rico so the two could be closer.
Lesley, her five children and her granddaughter Camilla are now sleeping in a school classroom. She told us she felt the US government had forgotten people like her.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Quinones family show the BBC what's left of their home after the hurricane struck.
Luciano Delgado, who is in his 60s, was in his home in the southern town of Ponce when the hurricane brought it crashing down around him - mercifully sparing his life and his wife's.
He had lived in several cities on the US mainland, including Chicago, where he stayed for years before retiring to the island on which he was born.
Luciano's son Angel serves in the US Navy. He's currently deployed in east Asia and the two have been trying desperately to get over the massive logistical hurdles to talk to each other since the hurricane, so far without success.
Many of the US troops who are now working in Puerto Rico to help after the disaster are themselves Puerto Rican. At the emergency US command centre, it appeared there was as much Spanish spoken as English by those in uniform.
Those troops serve America in whatever way their commanders see fit.
But in spite of their sacrifices, many Puerto Ricans feel this disaster has been a reminder that they are not viewed as American as those on the mainland.
Money and troops were committed to the relief effort but it took time and there was not the same preparation by federal agencies in Puerto Rico ahead of Hurricane Maria as there was, for example, in Florida before Irma, a few weeks earlier.
Image copyright Getty Images
Nine days passed before Lesley and her children received a mattress to sleep on in the school in Loiza. And Luciano says he has still not laid eyes on a single American emergency worker since the hurricane.
In the normally bustling old part of the capital San Juan, is the Paseo de los Presidentes or Walkway of Presidents. There, looking out onto the empty street, are nine life-sized statues of the US presidents who visited Puerto Rico while in office.
Franklin D Roosevelt sits in his bronze wheelchair, his beloved Scottish terrier beside him. JFK is dressed in a fashionable bronze blazer and slacks… and a tall, slim Barack Obama reaches out a bronze hand.
A 10th statue will be added to the walkway - presumably when Puerto Ricans don't have more urgent issues to deal with - of a man who has been widely criticised here for his response to the hurricane.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Trump distributed aid during his five-hour visit to the island
On his visit here, the President Trump joked about how much Puerto Rico was costing the US government because of the emergency and compared the Puerto Rican plight to what he called a "real catastrophe" like Hurricane Katrina.
And there was outrage from local journalists and officials at the way he flung paper towels at storm refugees like T-shirts at a campaign rally.
Puerto Ricans never chose Donald Trump. But they never chose JFK or Barack Obama either. They are not eligible to vote in presidential elections, or decide their own foreign policy. They are, though, entitled to the same emergency response as people in Texas or Florida or Louisiana.
Many feel they simply didn't get that, and put it down to being viewed as second-class American citizens.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Puerto Rico isn't a "real catastrophe like Katrina"
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Puerto Ricans in New York rally for more aid for the Caribbean island territory
There have been several referenda here on the island's status; most recently showing Puerto Ricans lean more towards wanting to be America's 51st state rather than complete independence or remaining a US territory.
In the end, though, all those votes were little more than an opinion poll - it is Washington that will decide the island's future.
But for many Puerto Ricans we spoke to, the response to Hurricane Maria made them feel Washington is simply not interested in bringing them more into the American fold.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Children from Chester primary schools joined minstrels, knights and jesters to celebrate St George's Day in the city centre on Monday (April 23).
City artist Russell Kirk retold the story of St George with the help of pupils from: Upton Heath, Dee Point, Overleigh St Mary's, JH Godwin, Hoole All Saints and University Chester Free School in a theatrical extravaganza and parade through the streets of Chester.
St George was no match for Chester's dragon so the Lord Mayor of Chester Cllr Razia Daniels stepped in to save the day.
Elsewhere, children from other local primary schools celebrated St George's Day by dressing up learning about the the story of St George.
Image copyright Menzies Distribution
John Menzies has walked away from a proposed £40m deal to sell its distribution arm to parcel delivery and logistics firm DX Group.
The move follows a trading update on 14 July in which DX cautioned over "challenging" trading conditions.
The companies had been in talks for several months over a possible merger.
But on Monday Menzies said that, after further due diligence on DX Group, it "became apparent" any deal would require revised terms.
In a stock market announcement, it said that despite further discussions with DX following its July trading update, the board "does not believe it is currently possible to agree a revised set of terms with DX for the combination which would be in the interests of John Menzies shareholders".
It added: "John Menzies has therefore terminated discussions with DX."
The Edinburgh-based company said it continued to believe there was "strategic merit" in separating its aviation and distribution divisions into two independent businesses at the "appropriate time".
Image copyright DX Group
In June, the two companies agreed revised terms following opposition from an activist investor to the original deal struck in March.
DX shareholder Gatemore Capital Management had threatened to block the merger unless terms were "markedly improved".
In its trading update last month, DX announced an overhaul of its business, including a number of board changes, following a "wide-ranging review" of its operations.
On Monday, it stated: "The board of DX announces that, after due consideration, discussions with John Menzies plc regarding the potential combination of DX and John Menzies' distribution division have been terminated.
"While the respective boards believed that the proposed combination had strong strategic logic for all stakeholders, the DX Board has been unable to agree suitable terms.
"As a result, it believes it to be in the best interests of DX shareholders to proceed with business transformation on a stand-alone basis.
"This approach has the support of both DX's major shareholder and its bankers, with discussions on new financing options for DX already under way."
Family members surrounded Lucy Simon reacts as they wait for information after her brother, Juvon Leroy Simon, 23, was shot and killed during a police-involved shooting on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. According to Miami-Dade police, the man was killed by a Florida City police detective during an investigation at a residential complex located at 1405 SW Second Ave. in Florida City, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Pedro Portal pportal@miamiherald.com
You'll have to subscribe for Nest's latest features.Nest cams can detect your doors automatically
Over the next few weeks, Nest Aware customers will see automatic door detection appear on both their indoor and outdoor Nest Cam feeds. The cameras will attempt to recognize motion patterns over time, feeding the data into deep learning algorithms to make it all automated, creating "activity zones" around the doors it picks up.
'Gran Turismo' passed $1 billion in 2013'Forza' franchise tops $1 billion in sales
Microsoft's flagship racing nameplate has yet to displace Gran Turismo from the throne, but thanks to Forza' popularity and consistency, it's officially the "best-selling racing franchise of this console generation." With nine titles to its credit, Forza has transitioned to a well-received annual release schedule, while GT's last full-fledged game was Gran Turismo 6 in 2013 for the PS3.
Amazon, Apple and Samsung are up firstFacebook apps are coming to your TV
Facebook's video push means a new frontier for its apps too. The social network announced its TV apps will exist for lean-back viewing of videos shared by your friends, pages you follow or popular live streams. Even if you're not watching on TV, Facebook is changing mobile access so videos autoplay with audio on -- good to know if you're browsing during a meeting.
But it won't make you a better player'Rocket League' update will add 4K support on PS4 Pro
When the PS4 gets its 4.50 update, Pro owners will be able to play more games with extra enhancements. But one existing title getting some love from its developers will be Rocket League, since Psyonix is working on an upgrade that will push that game to 4K on the Pro, in all arenas in single or two-player splitscreen mode. It will still run at 60fps, and standard PS4 owners can also expect fewer framerate dips. With 3 or 4 players you'll see 60fps in "most" arenas, but not all.
Get your loved one a gift that lastsThe Nokia 3310 will reportedly return this month
You read that right. The hardy Nokia brick is rumored to be relaunching at the company's MWC showcase later this month. Why? How? What? All questions that still need answering.
Goodby Xfinity TV, hello StreamComcast customers are getting a new app for their mobile devices
Comcast's new all-in-one video app launches February 28th. Coming as a replacement for the Xfinity TV app on Android and iOS, it does the job of in-home remote control, out-of-home live streaming, DVR recording downloads and more. Oh, and Comcast's existing Stream internet TV service? It can access that too, but the service will get a new name soon to reduce confusion.
Takedown requests have included a ton of online pirating sites and The White House.Google has been asked to take down over a million websites
After years spent attempting to clean the internet's murky waters, Google's latest transparency report reveals it has now received takedown requests for over a million different sites. With its individual URL removal request count now reaching the billions, these new figures suggest that pirates now have more options than ever when it comes to stealing digital cargo. The number of takedown requests is up significantly from last year, thanks in part to copyright-holders' increasingly widespread use of algorithms that automatically inform Google of copyright-infringing content.
But wait, there's more...
Healthcare experts harp on inter-professional collaboration
Against the backdrop of inter-professional rivalry in the health sector, the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy, in partnership with the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, has moved to bridge this widening gap.
In a symposium with the theme – Health of the Nation: The Imperative of Inter-professional Collaboration,” President of the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy and former Minister of Health, Prince Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi, noted that the nation's health sector was home to some of the brightest minds in Nigeria.
According to him, the efficiency and effectiveness of public health delivery had suffered a steady decline partly because of the unhealthy rivalry among various professionals in the health sector.
“From a historical standpoint, this situation didn't start today. The Hansard of February 1961 quotes the first Minister of Health, Dr. Adekoyejo Majekodunmi, as saying he prays that there would be funding in time and that there would be cooperation among those working in the health sector. It is time to disappoint those who have profited from the disharmony among healthcare professionals. We must all come together and negotiate with humility and with a sense of accommodation, and it is my belief that this landmark occasion would not be in vain,” Adelusi-Adeluyi enthused.
Professor Eyitayo Lambo, another former Minister of Health, noted that Nigeria's health system, which was ranked 187 among 191 countries by WHO in 2000, has had to face sundry challenges over the years.
He said: “For instance, the constitution makes very scant provision for health while there is hardly any legislation that defines the roles and responsibilities of the three tiers of government concerning health care, while the National Health Act 2014 has not resolved the problem either. In addition, constant changes in the leadership of the Federal Ministry of Health have led to regular policy reversals.
“This is the time to break down the silos that create barriers to patient-centered care, contribute to inefficient and ineffective care delivery, and compromise the safety, quality and outcomes of health care. Clinical care has become more complex and specialised; with increased specialisation, no one-health provider can meet all the complex needs of a patient and his/her family. Also, governments should support the culture required for collaboration by making inter-professional collaboration a priority and evaluating its impact; and provide health care organizations with the fiscal resources required to develop, implement and evaluate inter-professional collaboration (care).”
President, Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, Ahmed Yakasai, reiterated the fact that healthcare professionals needed to work together to ensure that patients got the best quality care and treatment that can be provided.
According to Yakasai, “research has shown that inter-professional collaboration improves the quality of care and patient satisfaction leading to a better work environment overall. This would require a systemic change in practice, effective and open communication, professional trust, and a system of coordinated care that allows patients to be part of the decision making in relation to their care. Adopting this team-based culture of mutual respect and understanding is possible and very necessary as we all have a moral obligation towards the welfare of the patient. I believe that together we are better and stronger.”
Other health care professionals who presented papers during the panel discussions include: Asst Director of Nursing Services, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, (LASUTH), Mrs. Shode Modupe Jokotola; Chairman, Jaykay Pharmacy Ltd, Pharm. Jimi Agbaje; MD, Lahor Research Laboratories and Medical Centre, Prof. Dennis Agbonlahor; and Group Medical Director, Reddington Hospital, Dr. Olutunde Lalude who represented Dr. Ebun Sonaiya, a medical doctor and former president of the Guild of Medical Directors.
Some dignitaries present on the occasion include: Director, Food & Drug Services, Federal Ministry of Health, Pharm. (Mrs.) Gloria Modupe Chukwumah, who represented the Minister of Health, Vice Chancellor, University of Lagos, Prof. Rahamon Ade Bello; Chief Medical Director of Lagos University Teaching Hospital, LUTH, Prof. Christopher Bode, President, Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria (APBN), Dr. Omede Idris, President, Healthcare Providers' Association Of Nigeria (HCPAN), Dr. Umar Sanda, and General Secretary, Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy, Prof. Fola Tayo, among others.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
METAIRIE, La. — An alligator has been wrangled after crawling out of a storm drain in Louisiana.
WWL reports a 7-foot (2.13-meter) alligator emerged from a drain in Jefferson Parish on Monday after heavy rains.
The drain was located behind an elementary school that wasn't holding class because of spring break.
The alligator did move around, but Bucktown resident Hazel Porter described it as mainly “just chilling.”
Video obtained by WWL shows a group of Bucktown residents detaining the alligator by lassoing its neck and tying the rope to a nearby pole as the creature thrashes.
Steven Nicholson, a witness, says wildlife professions arrived and taped its mouth shut. The wranglers placed the bound alligator in a pickup truck and planned to relocate it.
Gunman's doctor before Navy Yard rampage: 'No problem there' WASHINGTON — The gunman who killed 12 people in last year's rampage at Washington's Navy Yard lied so convincingly to Veterans Affairs doctors before the shootings that they concluded he...
Navy Yard killer eyed revenge Two weeks before he slaughtered 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard, a desperate-sounding Aaron Alexis told an online “mind control” outreach group that the Navy was targeting his brain...
DC killer just one of many 'ELF' paranoids “Extremely low frequency” waves — which Washington Navy Yard mass murderer Aaron Alexis blamed for his Sept. 16 rampage — are all around us. They're generated by electric-power lines, computers,...
DC shooter's bizarre messages The madman who gunned down 12 people on Sept. 16 at the Washington Navy Yard wrote bizarre messages about his delusion that his mind was being controlled by mysterious electromagnetic...
Aaron Alexis' path of destruction The FBI has released chilling footage of Navy Yard gunman Aaron Alexis's shooting rampage.
Navy Yard gunman's rampage caught on tape Frightening new video images show Washington Navy Yard killer Aaron Alexis in the midst of his massacre, stealthily hunting his prey as he moves through the complex with his sawed-off...
Obama: Tougher gun laws 'will happen' WASHINGTON – President Obama vowed on Sunday that tougher gun laws “will happen,” as he consoled families of victims from the deadly shooting spree last week at the Washington Navy...
The futility of gun control The Navy Yard massacre won't revive the gun debate in Congress for a simple reason: There is no gun-control agenda this side of a total ban and confiscation that would...
Same contractor vetted Snowden, Navy gunman WASHINGTON — The same federal contractor that vetted Edward Snowden, who leaked information about classified U.S. spying programs, also performed a background check that let the Washington Navy Yard shooter...
INFO
Late in 2015, Munkowitz teamed up with design greats Michael Rigley and Toros Kose to create a series of concept frames for an Unspecified, Inconspicuous Mystery Trawn Project that nobody can ever speak of. The team's approach was varied, as the brief was essentially wide open granting the boys the opportunity to frolic in the Trawnic Atmosphere; iterating and discovering some bold, unique, and fresh concepts that informed their massive output.
Talk about the return Justin Williams all you want. The goofy co-(no-)captaincy, too. Or Trevor van Riemsdyk, who arrived to shore up the third defensive pairing and, at 26, became the oldest person in the top six, which is nuts.
None of it really matters that much. It's all just a coat of paint. Things look nicer, but the real change, the one that really matters for the Carolina Hurricanes, is harder to see behind his mask.
The success or failure of this team rests squarely on the broad (and elevated) shoulders of Scott Darling. And that's the tall and short of it.
The quiet, bearded, gangly goalie is the key to this team's future. If he can hack it, the playoff drought will almost certainly end. If he can't, and Cam Ward ends up playing 50 games – well, Hurricanes fans have seen that movie before and know how it ends.
As erratic, frustrating, streaky and confounding as the Hurricanes were last season, they might have made the playoffs with just average goaltending. Instead, they missed for the eighth straight season, the longest, most excruciating, most damaging drought in the NHL.
It now extends across multiple years of three coaching regimes. For all the plaudits he collects around the NHL circuit, Bill Peters' record after three years in charge is actually worse than Kirk Muller's. Muller was 80-80-27. Peters is 101-103-42, although that improves to 71-62-31 if you give him a free pass on his first season. Paul Maurice, post-2009, was 83-81-25 when he got axed.
The common thread among the three, besides zero playoff appearances? Ward, although it's not all his fault, even if that's a common sentiment among fans. There's plenty of blame to go around, even beyond Eddie Lack. The Hurricanes have been too old when they needed to be younger, too young when they needed to be older and took far too long to assemble this group of talented players with untapped potential. Either way, the Hurricanes too often required something approaching perfection from Ward, and he could rarely deliver.
And it was always Ward. Whether by default or design, Ward has been the main guy in net for this team for the past 11 years, in which the Hurricanes have made the playoffs once. All of the other contenders for the No. 1 job – most notably John Grahame, Anton Khudobin and Lack – turned out to be pretenders. If Lack were any good, this might have been a playoff team last spring.
So now the Hurricanes try again, with Darling, whose record as a backup on one of the NHL's best teams was stellar but who has never played more than 45 games in a season, and that when he was 19. The Hurricanes will probably need him to play at least 60, and play them well, not that Darling is taking that for granted.
“Cam and I both want to play, and just because I showed up and signed here doesn't mean, ‘Here you go, here are 80 games,' ” Darling said.
But he will start Saturday's opener against the Minnesota Wild, after missing his first scheduled preseason start with an undisclosed minor injury. In the two games he played after that, he was stellar: a 1.50 goals-against average and .925 save percentage. It's foolish to draw sweeping conclusions from preseason because of the frequent talent disparity between game rosters, but those numbers are everything you'd expect from Darling.
If he can deliver anything close to that in real games, it'll be a different kind of season for the Hurricanes. And if he can't, it'll look all too familiar.
Cruz: Revoke Citizenship of Americans Who Join ISIS
I simply adore Ted Cruz. He's absolutely right here. If an American citizen tries to join ISIS or any other terrorist group, they should have their citizenship stripped. That means for those who go overseas to wage Jihad, the door will no longer be open to them to return here. And before the left starts screeching over this, Hillary Clinton supported very similar legislation. Cruz supports President's Trump embattled plan to temporarily ban refugees from seven Middle Eastern countries. So do I. He just thinks it only addresses half the problem and he has a point. We don't want trained, battle hardened Jihadists returning to the US after going on a killing spree.
When previous versions of this bill were submitted, some civil libertarians threw a fit. They claim it would give the federal government expanded powers to revoke citizenship without due process. That's rich considering they never decried Obama's extension of federal powers. Under Cruz's bill, anyone who lost their citizenship over alleged terrorist ties would have 60 days to request a due process hearing to challenge the decision. “The awesome and horrible power of being able to take away the citizenship of an American citizen would be turned over to an unnamed bureaucrat,” claimed Christopher Anders, senior legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union's Washington legislative office. It is not unconstitutional and I contend it would indeed stand if it went to the Supreme Court.
From the Washington Examiner:
Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, is renewing a push for Congress to pass legislation that would revoke the citizenship of any American who tries to join the Islamic State or other terrorist groups. Cruz thinks that banning people from terrorist-stricken countries from entering the U.S. only deals with half of the problem, and that the federal government also needs to worry about U.S. citizens who may try the same thing. “If an American citizen travels abroad and joins a terrorist group waging jihad on America, attempting to murder innocent Americans, this legislation would strip that individual of their U.S. citizenship, so that we would not have terrorists returning to America using U.S. passports,” Cruz told the Washington Examiner. Hundreds of Americans have tried to join the Islamic State in recent years, according to Cruz. He said another 124 U.S. citizens or green card holders have traveled overseas to join other jihadist groups in the years since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. “This should be an idea that even Senate Democrats can support given that Hillary Clinton, when she was in the Senate, supported very similar legislation,” he said.
Ted Cruz steadfastly stands by his bill. Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa has introduced it for consideration. Cruz says it uses the same process to revoke citizenship from terrorists that the government has used since 1926 to revoke citizenship from Americans who join foreign armies at war with the United States. That's exactly right. “This legislation is a common sense step to recognize that people can [wage] war against America in more ways than one,” he said. “You don't need to be a member of a nation-state military to be a terrorist at war with America.”
There is a good chance that the bill will pass in Congress considering the Trump administration's agreement with its pretext. Additionally, a former Cruz staffer, Victoria Coates, now works for the White House National Security Council. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota in the House joins Senator Cruz in support for the bill. It is entitled the Expatriate Terrorists Act. Meanwhile, in the House of Representatives, Republicans Bachmann and Ted Poe of Texas also introduced bills that call for the United States to revoke the passports of Americans involved with groups like ISIS.
Bachmann puts it perfectly: “Those who have joined a foreign terrorist organization have taken up arms against the United States and our very way of life. By turning against their country, their passports should be revoked and if they're naturalized citizens, they should lose their citizenship.”
LAS VEGAS — A U.S. judge in Law Vegas set a $30,000 bail on Friday for a famed British cybersecurity researcher accused of advertising and selling malicious code used to pilfer banking and credit card information.
Marcus Hutchins, 23, gained international celebrity status within the hacker community in May when he was credited with neutralizing the global "WannaCry" ransomware attack.
His attorney, Adrian Lobo, told reporters he would not be released on Friday because the clerk's office for the court closed before his defense team could post the bail.
British IT expert Marcus Hutchins who has been branded a hero for slowing down the WannaCry global cyberattack, sits in front of his workstation during an interview on May 15, 2017 in Ilfracombe, England. file Frank Augstein / AP file
Judge Nancy Koppe dismissed a federal prosecutor's claim that Hutchins was a flight risk. If released, Hutchins will be barred from computer use or internet access.
Hutchins was "doing well, considering what's gone on," his defense attorney, Adrian Lobo, told reporters.
She said it was "unexpected in (Hutchins') mind to ever be in this situation."
News of Hutchins' arrest on Wednesday shocked other researchers, many of whom rallied to his defense and said they did not believe he had ever engaged in cyber crime.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
LONDON — British boxer James DeGale lost his IBF super middleweight belt when he was beaten by Caleb Truax by majority decision at the Copper Box Arena on Saturday.
One judge scored it 114-114 but other scores of 115-112 and 116-112 for the American challenger handed DeGale only the second defeat of his career.
DeGale was making the fourth defence of the title he won in 2015, and fighting on home soil for the first time in more than three years.
The former Olympic champion made a good start in his first action since January, but Truax took charge from the fifth when he backed DeGale into the ropes and bloodied his nose.
DeGale sensed late that he needed a knockout but Truax stood firm and dropped to his knees at the final bell, believing he'd pulled off a surprising win. His record improved to 29-3-2, and he becomes a world champion for the first time at age 34.
DeGale dropped to 23-2-1.
Also, Lee Selby of Wales, the IBF featherweight champion, defeated Eduardo Ramirez of Mexico by unanimous decision.
Selby's belt was not on the line because Ramirez was eight pounds over the limit, but both were keen to put on a good show.
The judges scored it 118-110, 119-109, and 116-112. Selby improved to 26-1, and Ramirez's record dropped to 20-1-3.
Kizer was once believed to be a candidate to go in the top five. He still could if a team falls in love with him and trades up, but it's highly unlikely. In fact, it's more probable that he lasts until the end of the first round and possibly into the second. Why? Because there are significant concerns about his readiness as an NFL quarterback.
Like the rest of the quarterback class, he's not going to be ready to start from Day 1. His accuracy needs to improve, as does his ability to read defenses before the snap. Patrick Mahomes, Mitchell Trubisky and Deshaun Watson will all go ahead of him, causing Kizer to sit in the green room for quite a while.
HARRISON, N.J. — The New York Red Bulls have signed Venezuelan midfielder Cristian Casseres Jr.
The Major League Soccer team says the 18-year-old is a discovery signing, who will occupy an international spot on the roster.
Casseres has played in Venezuela's first division and has represented Venezuela on the U-17 and U-20 national teams. He made his professional debut for Deportivo La Guaira at 16-years-old. He had 15 appearances for the senior team and scored once.
His father is Cristian Casseres Sr., who played for the Venezuelan national team.
(AP Photo/Ivan Sekretarev, File). On this Tuesday, Oct. 21, 2014, file photo, Manchester City players and CSKA players play in front of empty stands during the Champions League Group E soccer match between CSKA Moscow and Manchester City at Arena Khimk...
(AP Photo/Dmitry Lovetsky, File). FILE - In this Saturday, April 28, 2012 file photo Zenit's fans march prior the match of their team in the national soccer Championship in downtown St.Petersburg, Russia. A new report seen by the Associated Press shows...
By JAMES ELLINGWORTHAP Sports Writer
MOSCOW (AP) - Russia has made progress fighting soccer racism ahead of next year's World Cup, but players, coaches and fans still risk abuse, a new report says.
There were 89 racist and far-right incidents at Russian games in the 2016-17 season, slightly below the two previous seasons, according to Thursday's report by European anti-discrimination group FARE and Russia-based SOVA.
In one case, an African player complained of racist abuse by an opponent during a Russian Premier League game. In another case, a hardline fan group segregated part of a stadium for people of "Slavic appearance," the report alleges. Fans of Russian champion Spartak Moscow flew anti-Semitic banners.
The Russian Football Union's disciplinary committee, however, has said it didn't detect a single racist incident in any of the top three divisions this season.
The report comes ahead of the Confederations Cup, starting Saturday, and a year ahead of the World Cup.
"The Russian football authorities and the government authorities have realized ... the way both of these competitions will be tarnished by the fear of racism occurring and they've taken some quite strong measures," FARE's executive director Piara Powar told The Associated Press in a telephone interview. "There still remains the danger of some isolated incidents taking place."
Russian authorities have taken measures to blacklist at least 191 fans from attending sports events, while the RFU ejected an influential fan leader, Alexander Shprygin, from its organization. He was deported twice from France last year following violence around Russia's match with England at the European Championship, and has been accused of posting far-right symbols on social media, a charge he denied.
Shprygin was dragged out of a bathroom at an RFU conference in September by police and detained, reportedly in connection with an investigation into fan violence.
FARE says Russia has made some progress, and that it didn't observe monkey chants or openly Nazi flags in any top-flight games this season. However, it warns far-right fans instead fly banners with concealed messages such as runes and number codes used by Nazi and ultranationalist groups.
The RFU punished two clubs in the 2015-16 season for such banners, but didn't pursue any such cases this season - something which Powar says indicates it may be "turning a blind eye."
That was despite cases of anti-Semitic banners being flown by Spartak fans, including taunts aimed at rival CSKA Moscow, whose club president and then-coach are both Jewish. Another Spartak banner showed a Russian rock singer caricaturized as an Orthodox Jew, accompanied by personal abuse.
CSKA fans also targeted their own coach, Leonid Slutsky - now at England's Hull City - with a banner linking his Jewish faith to poor results.
FARE says the number of violent racist incidents fell from five to two last season compared to the year before. There was also no repeat of large-scale violent attacks on foreign fans, such as those which took place between Russian and English fans in Marseille a year ago during the European Championship.
However, there are indications that football-related violence between different ethnic groups in Russia is becoming more entrenched, with fans from Russia's largely Muslim regions in the North Caucasus forming "fan groups which adopt football hooligans' rules and initiate fights with Moscow teams."
In another case last month at a playoff game for a place in the Russian Premier League, one fan group from the Yenisei Krasnoyarsk team issued a statement on social media saying that its sector of the stadium was only available to fans of "Slavic appearance."
A member of the group, Artyom Kirillov, suggested the group had been misunderstood. "A lot was made up" in local media reports of the incident, he told the AP. "We are loyal to all Russian citizens."
FIFA said Wednesday that Confederations Cup games will use a three-stage process in the event of fan racism. Referees will first request a public announcement, then suspend the game if the behavior doesn't stop. If racist incidents still persist, they can stop the game.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Warning: Spoilers ahead from the “Girls” series finale
Of all the questions left unanswered by Sunday night's series finale of “Girls,” one screams out most loudly: Why is Hannah's baby black?
It's not a random question. Hannah, as played by Lena Dunham, is unquestionably white. Baby Grover's father — a stoner dude named Paul-Louis — is played by Riz Ahmed, a well-known Anglo-Pakistani actor.
Ahmed is darker than Dunham, but he's not black. Which leads us back to Grover, who is — or at least, appears to be, going on looks alone.
Not that there's anything wrong with a black baby.
But the choice to cast a seemingly black kid in an ostensibly white(ish) role confirms that “Girls” was an exercise in unprecedented self-indulgence. Dunham is going to do whatever she wants, without a thought to the world outside her little bubble.
Which kind of sucks, since I loved her show so much.
I loved “Girls” despite its refusal to cast almost any minority actors. I loved it even as it glorified millennial underachievement. And I particularly loved it this season when Hannah, jolted by an unexpected pregnancy, chose not only to keep her child, but to reject the security of co-parenting with longtime paramour Adam for a far scarier future on her own.
As a new dad myself — and the son of a single mom — I intuitively felt like Hannah had all the makings of an awesome parent, even amid all her self-loathing and self-doubt.
Which is why seeing her mother a black kid felt like such a middle finger to my six seasons of fandom.
Now, it's true that “Girls” is hardly an identity-politics maverick. Remember, this was a show universally criticized for its virtually all-white first season, and it only seemed to embrace inclusiveness reluctantly.
The show presented a world of white affluence and privilege — and I'm OK with that. “Girls” was what it was and didn't really need to justify itself. If I wanted Hannah and Marnie's (Allison Williams) nonwhite equivalents, I could tune in to Issa Rae on “Insecure.”
But given its past failures, you'd think the show would have learned by now to stay far, far away from race issues.
Yet, there goes Dunham, tossing racial ambiguity into the mix on “Girls' ” most important episode ever — and not even bothering to contextualize it.
Lena, a black baby? Really?
Sure, casting an infant can be difficult — it's not all about looks; it's about who behaves best on set. But why, then, didn't the “Girls” team limit their casting call to babies who better fit the profile?
And take it from someone who's lived it: It's pretty unlikely that Hannah and Paul-Louis would produce a kid markedly darker than themselves.
I, for instance, am darker than my white mother and lighter than my black father. Meanwhile, my baby son is even lighter thanks to his own genetic mashup. If it didn't happen in our family — a family with actual black people in it — believe me, it didn't happen for Hannah.
And it's not just about the awkward optics. There are larger societal implications of a white woman raising a black kid.
Hannah, it seems, will be raising a black kid in what we can assume is a mostly white town. (Fine, the cop is black — bravo.) Specifically, she is raising a black boy, in a society that demonizes and literally kills black boys. That means something.
Are we really supposed to believe that Hannah — who clearly considers herself tuned into race issues, in a liberal-arts-school way — would have zero thoughts to share about this?
Also, will her son have any black role models? Is Hannah prepared to deal with racism? How will she contend with questions about ethnicity when nothing in her own life has prepared her for them?
These are not mere afterthoughts; these are questions at the core of the mixed-race experience.
That Dunham simply skipped over this conversation at the series' very last moment cannot be ignored — especially when everything else about this final episode was so carefully considered. How could this not even warrant a mention?
Perhaps Dunham, like so many in Medialand, simply thinks that all black and brown people are interchangeable.
Or maybe Dunham just thought she would get away with it — because, hey, we're all colorblind here, right? (It's certainly not the first time she's inserted herself into a cultural blunder.)
Like I said, I've always rooted for Dunham. But as an actual biracial person, I'm left feeling screwed by her — unsure why she opted to exploit stories like my own with such carelessness.
I would have loved to have Hannah end up, much like in my own family, as an awesome mom to a beautiful brown kid.
But Dunham didn't write her way there. She didn't create a compelling narrative around those tricky subjects. Somehow, suddenly, she's made her character one half of a mixed-race family — a dynamic that could constitute a series in and of itself — and apparently it wasn't even worth a passing comment.
Unlike many of my multi-culti cohorts, I don't see race in every issue. I abhor the word “privilege,” despise the concept of trigger warnings and cringe at the lefty jargon that defined race and culture throughout the Obama era.
Things must be deeply offensive for me to take offense. So listen, and listen well, “Girls”: Sunday night's show was profoundly offensive.
I ask you again, Lena Dunham: Why is Hannah's baby black?
Ahead of next weekend's rescheduled Champions Cup game against Racing 92, Munster have confirmed that Darren Sweetnam will be sidelined for six weeks.
Sweetnam sustained a knee injury in an off-the-ball tackl just before half-time in Munster's Pro12 win over Leinster on St Stephen's Day.
After subsequently seeing a specialist, the Corkman has been told that he may be mid-February before he can return to action.
In other injury news for the province, Tommy O'Donnell will undergo further investigation for an ankle injury he sustained late on in the Pro12 win over Connacht on New Year's Eve.
Alex Wootton (shoulder), Sean McCarthy (knee), Mark Chisholm (concussion), Duncan Casey (knee), Mike Sherry (back), Cathal Sheridan (ankle) are all currently available.
On a player news front, it has been confirmed that Angus Lloyd and Jaco Taute will remain with the province until June 2017.
In joining the province at the start of November on a short-term loan from Ulster, scrumhalf Lloyd has extended his stay until the summer. The 24-year-old Dublin native made his debut against Treviso at the end of November.
Springbok Taute, who plays centre/fullback has made 11 appearances for Munster so far, scoring five tries.
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — A 130-year-old red-brick coal gasholder building in New Hampshire believed to be the last of its type in the country has been named to the National Register of Historic Places.
The round building with a cupola atop its conical roof was built in Concord in 1888 when coal gas was a major source of light and heat. It was last used in 1953, but its original equipment remains.
The New Hampshire Division of Historical Resources announced the listing Monday.
The gasholder worked this way: Coal gas was pumped into a wrought-iron, 120,000 cubic foot tank that floated atop water. The tank rose and fell based on how much gas was present. The tank's weight provided constant pressure to force the gas out through pipes, where it was distributed to the public.
Video
A redundant 12,000-tonne steel offshore oil facility has arrived in Shetland to be decommissioned.
Work to break up the Buchan Alpha will take 17 months.
The structure began its working life as drilling rig in 1973, became a floating production vessel in the Buchan field in 1981 and was taken out of service in May by operators Repsol Sinopec Resources UK.
Work will be led by French company Veolia, creating 35 jobs.
It is expected that around 98% of the structure will be recycled.
Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James, right, drives to the basket against Houston Rockets' James Harden in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
AUGUSTA, Ga. — Under a darkening afternoon sky at Augusta National on Friday, Ben Crenshaw, at age 63, played his 138th and final round in the 44th Masters of his...
How does your bracket end?
With Villanova? Well, I can see that, given that the defending national champions have already proven themselves, and are the most consistent two-way team in the country.
With Duke? Sure, that makes sense since the Blue Devils have momentum and the most talented roster.
Perhaps Kansas or Arizona or Gonzaga or North Carolina or Louisville? A convincing argument can be made for each to win the national title by pointing to a championship precedent for the style and makeup of each team.
If you're picking UCLA, like me, you're going against the past. You're looking forward. You're betting on one of the best up-tempo offenses ever being enough to make up for a defense that comes and goes like hunger. You're banking on a freshman, Lonzo Ball, continuing his seemingly inevitable ascent into a Hall of Famer.
The examples that prove that defense wins championships, and dynamic offenses die on the shooting that defined them are littered over the decades, but precedent only matters until it doesn't, until a team is special enough to rewrite the rules, like Steph Curry and the Warriors did two years ago.
There is no reason basketball's most entertaining team can't also be its best. The Bruins (29-4) have already proven the ability to beat the country's other top teams, defeating the three teams (Arizona, Oregon, USC) that beat them this season, and winning at Rupp Arena against Kentucky.
Up until being knocked out of the PAC-12 Tournament by Arizona, the Bruins had a chance to be a one-seed, and a popular pick across the country.
As a three-seed, they'll appropriately be slept on by the millions of casual fans who didn't stay awake for so many of their incredible performances, and who are overlooking them because they lost in their conference tournament, like four of the past five national champions.
UCLA, which leads the nation in scoring 90 points per game, has too many options to go too cold for too long, with six players averaging double-figures. The team shoots a nation-best 51.9 percent from the field, and 40.5 percent on 3-pointers.
The Bruins' play is beautiful, breathtaking and equally brilliant, built on the best ball-sharing unit in the country, which commits few turnovers, and has the nation's third-highest adjusted offensive efficiency — 10 national champions since 2002 have been ranked in the top four.
And then there is Ball, the 6-foot-6 point guard who has somehow made the comparisons to Jason Kidd not seem so ridiculous, leading the nation with 7.7 assists, while adding 14.6 points and 6.1 rebounds. He's been in the spotlight all season — and all his life, under his outspoken father, LaVar — and proven himself worthy of the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft, proving himself capable of leading a run like Kemba Walker.
Yes, I'd feel better about the pick if the defense was even half as dominant, but the many lapses of Steve Alford's team stem from effort, not ability. A 77-72 win at Arizona was proof of what is possible, and even at their least interested, the Bruins have remained strong on the glass and reliable at the free-throw line.
There are always reasons to pick against a team. Villanova couldn't do it because they always fell apart in March — until they didn't. UConn couldn't win because Shabazz Napier didn't have enough help — until he did. Then there are the teams whom you can't find a reason to pick against — 1991 UNLV, 1999 Duke, 2015 Kentucky — whose flaws become so clear in retrospect.
Since John Wooden left UCLA in 1975, the Bruins have won just one national championship (1995). It is time for the sport's most storied program to reclaim the throne.
The Simcoe Muskoka Catholic District School Board will clarify the rules and regulations on opting out of religious course, following a human rights complaint. The complaint was lodged against the Board by a former student in 2016, who claims she was discriminated against when she sought an exemption from religious classes at her Midland school. The board says today it will lay out in more plain language the process of opting out of courses, adding students can stay in or opt out of whichever religious programs or activities they wish.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — An inmate at a Topeka jail attacked a corrections officer Saturday, giving the officer lacerations and facial injuries.
Shawnee County Department of Corrections Maj. Tim Phelps tells The Topeka Capital-Journal officer Lacy Noll was attacked while on duty Saturday. She was treated then released.
Phelps says the inmate is 26-year-old Allen Thomas Schroeder Jr. of Topeka.
Phelps says the Shawnee County Jail was placed on lockdown during the incident. The lockdown was lifted Sunday, except for the housing unit where the attack occurred.
Schroeder was booked into jail in November in connection to aggravated battery, domestic battery and a parole violation.
The jail is investigating the attack. Phelps says the county sheriff's office will investigate for the district attorney's office, which will decide charges.
LIMERICK will no longer have a voice around the Cabinet table following the announcement of ministerial appointments by the newly elected Taoiseach Leo Varadkar.
The most-touted name in the running for a Cabinet position was Minister of State for Tourism and Sport, Patrick O'Donovan.
But despite speculation that ran right up to late this evening, that hope never materialised.
Now, Minister O'Donovan must wait until next week to see if he retains his junior minister status. That is widely expected, although a change of department may be on the cards.
Michael Noonan's stepping aside as Minister for Finance was seen as leaving a door open for a new face at the cabinet table. And Taoiseach Varadkar had indicated he would take a regional spread into account.
The supporters of Minister of State O'Donovan were banking on the fact that their man and the Taoiseach had soldiered together through Young Fine Gael and became councillors on the same day. They also hoped that the new Taoiseach might want to have fresh, youthful faces on his team.
Besides, the O'Donovan supporters were confident their man had done enough to step up to a senior ministerial post.
As a junior minister, Deputy O'Donovan is widely seen to have done a good job, dealing up front with the difficult situation over tickets which arose at the Rio Olympics. But on the issue of gender quotas for state-assisted sports bodies, his senior minister, Shane Ross quickly shut him down.
If that situation exposed a lack of clarity over who was responsible for what, it became even more so earlier this year when Minister O'Donovan was forced to demand that Minister Ross define his responsibilities.
The President today appointed Leo Varadkar TD as Taoiseach. pic.twitter.com/RRiZjDOm7Z — President of Ireland (@PresidentIRL) June 14, 2017
Meanwhile, speculation is also continuing as to what will now happen in Limerick City, given Michael Noonan's decision to step aside as Minister for Finance and to retire from politics at the next general election.
Minister Noonan's absence from the cabinet table will no doubt be regarded as weakening Limerick's hand in the competition for resources and funds. It could also make regaining two seats in the constituency that bit more difficult in the event of a general election.
But promotion for either or both of the party's senators, Kieran O'Donnell and Maria Byrne, to junior ministerial posts is unlikely to be a runner, although it has happened on occasion in the past.
The two were highly visible congratulating the new Taoiseach this Wednesday and throughout his campaign for party leader.
Governors, senators in war of words on funds scrutiny – Daily Nation
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption Suzy Davies says the party's constitution should recognise Wales has a parliament
A candidate for the Conservative assembly group leadership has said the winner should be formally recognised as the party's leader in Wales.
South Wales West AM Suzy Davies triggered the contest on Tuesday, after Andrew RT Davies stood down last week.
Ms Davies told BBC Wales on Wednesday a conversation about the title was needed with the party's members and MPs.
Mr Davies was regularly described as Welsh Tory leader but under party rules officially only led its assembly group.
This contrasted with his Scottish counterpart Ruth Davidson, whose formal title is Scottish Conservative leader.
Speaking on BBC Radio Cymru's Post Cyntaf programme on Wednesday, Ms Davies said: "We now have a Senedd [parliament], the assembly has changed since 1999 and more powers have come from Westminster.
"It's important the party constitution keeps up with the country's constitution."
But she also admitted it would probably take some time to persuade everyone in the party that this was the way forward.
Image copyright PA Image caption Holyrood Tory leader Ruth Davidson's title is Scottish Conservative leader
Andrew RT Davies was recognised as Welsh Conservative leader by former Prime Minister David Cameron.
But asked if she had confidence in the AM's leadership during last year's general election campaign, Mr Cameron's successor Theresa May told BBC Radio Wales "Andrew Davies is the leader of the Welsh Conservatives in the Welsh Assembly".
In a recent row over comments Andrew RT Davies made in response to a warning about Brexit from European planemaker Airbus, defence minister and Aberconwy MP Guto Bebb disputed his title as leader of the Welsh Conservatives saying he did not speak in such a capacity.
Preseli Pembrokeshire AM Paul Davies, interim leader of the Conservatives in Cardiff Bay, has also said he would like to stay on in the role.
Tory AMs need three other assembly members to support them before they can stand - meaning there can only be two candidates.
Nominations for the post of Welsh Assembly Conservative group leader close on 16 July. Postal votes are expected to be sent out to members on 15 August, with a declaration on 6 September.
BRADENTON, Fla. (WFLA) – Two area teens became another statistic in the statewide teen car theft epidemic.
The minors, whose names we will not disclose, were arrested along with 20-year-old Kevin Smith on multiple charges, including grand theft auto after deputies said they stole a vehicle in Bradenton early Friday morning.
The Manatee County Sheriff's Office responded to reports of an armed carjacking in the area of 9th Street E. and 301 Blvd.
The suspects led deputies on a brief pursuit, ran a red light and struck another vehicle.
All three suspects fled the scene. Deputies caught up with them a short time later and they were taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Smith and one of the teenagers sustained minor injuries.
They were all taken into custody and charged with grand theft auto, fleeing to elude, recovered stolen vehicle (carjacking), possession of cocaine / (2) vehicle crash with injuries (non-MSO vehicles)/ BPD armed carjacking.
No further details are available at this time.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Here are five stories from Oxfordshire which people have been clicking on this week.
1) Suu Kyi to be stripped of Freedom of Oxford
Image copyright EPA Image caption Aung San Suu Kyi has faced criticism for failing to address allegations of ethnic cleansing
An honour granting Aung San Suu Kyi the Freedom of Oxford will be withdrawn by the city council because of her response to the Rohingya crisis.
The de facto leader of Myanmar was granted the honour in 1997 for her "long struggle for democracy".
But a motion, backed by Oxford City Council, said it was no longer appropriate for her to hold it.
Bob Price, the authority's leader, said evidence coming out of the United Nations meant she was "no longer worthy" of the honour.
2) Plans to convert venue into shops pulled
Image caption The entrance to The Cellar is on Frewin Court, off Oxford's busy Cornmarket Street
Plans to convert a music venue in Oxford into retail space have been withdrawn.
St Michael's and All Saints' Charities, the landlord of The Cellar, had submitted an application to redevelop the basement venue beneath a shop.
A petition to keep it open gathered more than 13,000 signatures and the application for the Frewin Court venue was officially withdrawn on Wednesday.
In a statement The Cellar described the move as a "fantastic outcome".
3) Mystery behind hidden RAF shelter solved
Image copyright Historic England Image caption Historic England said no other buildings at the site have the same damp-proofing measures
A mysterious building discovered in thick undergrowth at a former RAF base has been revealed as an anti-aircraft gun position and munitions store.
Historic England had appealed to the public to solve the puzzle of the structure not shown on records or maps.
The former RAF Bicester, now Bicester Heritage, was a World War Two RAF Bomber Training Station.
Managing director Daniel Geoghegan said: "This particular defensive structure had us scratching our heads for some time and we were delighted by the response from the public who helped us conclude a modern-day mystery."
4) City reviews rough sleepers fine threat
Image caption Oxford City Council said abandoned possessions could block fire exits and posed a hazard to pedestrians
A controversial policy which saw homeless people who keep possessions in doorways threatened with fines of up to £2,500 will be reviewed.
In July notices were attached to piles of bags belonging to people sleeping rough in Oxford, leading to criticism from campaigners.
Councillors have agreed high-level approval is required before the notices are used, and they have agreed to a review of the process of issuing them.
5) 'Women's' college fields all-male quiz team
Image caption St Hugh's College began admitting men in 1987
A former all-female Oxford college, that was set up by a woman for women, has been criticised for fielding an all-male team in University Challenge.
St Hugh's College began admitting men in 1987, but presenter Jeremy Paxman joked: "On the basis of tonight's team, we could be forgiven for thinking they'd (men) rather taken it over."
St Hugh's said team members were selected by students.
It seemed like a good idea at the time, but police in the Netherlands have now decided to retire its team of eagles that were trained to take down rogue drones.
The low-tech solution first hit the headlines in early 2016 when Dutch cops showed off the seemingly impressive skills of their feathered friends. Drones such as DJI's Phantom 4 machine were clearly no match for the bird of prey, its sharp talons and equally sharp eyesight able to pinpoint and pluck a drone from the sky in a single, lightning-fast maneuver.
Except that it didn't always work that way.
According to local media, the eagles didn't always do what was expected of them, which presumably means they were occasionally distracted by other things happening around them during training sessions. You're absolutely right, that's not much good if you're a cop trying to use an eagle to take down a drone flying precariously in a restricted area.
Also, there hasn't been much call for the eagles over the last 18 months. This is, of course, a good thing as far as issues of safety and security are concerned, but it's left the police with unnecessary costs for the birds' training and upkeep.
The decision to retire the eagles will also please bird lovers who were concerned that the drones, with their fast-spinning propellers, could cause a nasty injury to an eagle if its speedy approach was just a little off. And you only have to ask Enrique Iglesias about the wisdom of trying to pluck a drone from mid-air, although admittedly he was never trained to the same high level as the eagles.
Now that the birds have flown the nest, so speak, the Dutch authorities will be exploring the options among a rapidly growing selection of high-tech solutions that are far more reliable, and cheaper to maintain, than the eagles.
These include everything from net-firing bazookas and so-called “death ray” machines to anti-drone guns and drone-shield “Sky Fences.”
Such systems can be deployed relatively quickly, and, failing any technical issues, act swiftly to remove a rogue drone from the sky. They certainly won't get distracted and go targeting a mouse.
Some British lawmakers have given Asma Assad an ultimatum: Stop supporting your husband's “murderous” regime or risk losing your U.K. citizenship.
Syria's British-born first lady has come under fire for using social media to prop up Bashar Assad's regime, as the U.S. and its allies accuse the Syrian dictator of using chemical weapons on his own people in an April 4 attack.
Members of Britain's Liberal Democrats party sent a letter Sunday to the Home Office calling for Asma's citizenship to be revoked, according to The Telegraph, which obtained a copy of the letter.
“If Asma continues defending the Assad regime's murderous actions, the onus will be on the UK Government to deprive her of her citizenship or demonstrate that her actions are not seriously prejudicial to the vital interests of the United Kingdom,” the letter read.
The party is also calling for a debate in the House of Commons this week, as members of Parliament return to work following the Easter recess.
Tom Brake, the party's foreign affairs spokesman, told the newspaper, “…the British Government could say to Asma al-Assad: ‘Either stop using your position to defend barbaric acts or be stripped of your citizenship.'”
In an interview with the Times of London, Nadhim Zahawi, a conservative member of Parliament who sits on the Commons foreign affairs committee, echoed Brake's sentiments, saying: “The time has come where we go after Assad in every which way, including people like Mrs. Assad, who is very much part of the propaganda machine that is committing war crimes.”
Amber Rudd, the U.K. Home Secretary, has the power to revoke Asma's citizenship under the British Nationality Act if she decides such a move would be “conducive to the public good,” the Telegraph reported. Asma Assad, 41, is a British-Syrian dual citizen who grew up in London.
On April 4, warplanes dropped a chemical nerve agent over the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province, killing at least 80 people, according to U.S. intelligence. Shocking footage of the aftermath shows civilians — many of them children – convulsing and foaming at the mouth from what U.S. authorities said was exposure to sarin gas.
Two days later, the U.S. carried out its first direct military action against the regime, launching 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at Shayrat airfield base from which U.S. officials believe the chemical attack had been launched.
On Thursday, Assad called the April 4 chemical attack in Syria a “fabrication” by the U.S. and its western allies. His comments to French news agency AFP came a week after his wife issued a statement of her own.
“The presidency of the Syrian Arab Republic affirms that what America has done is an irresponsible act that only reflects a short-sightedness, a narrow horizon, a political and military blindness to reality, and a naive pursuit of a frenzied false propaganda campaign that fueled the regime's arrogance,” she wrote in Arabic on an Instagram account bearing her name.
Asma's social media posts have depicted her as a humanitarian, adorned with photos of the first lady reading to children and embracing the family of a Syrian who was killed in the nation's civil war – all with the affectionate hashtag #WeLoveYouAsma.
The photos are a stark contrast to the ones on news channels showing Syrian children lying dead in the streets after choking on poison gas that the U.S. and its allies said was unleashed by her dictator husband.
The executive behind “Jane the Virgin” and “Ugly Betty” is aiming to put more Latinos on the big screen. Ben Silverman recently formed a new production venture, PropAgate, with backing...
Ben Silverman is staying in the Barry Diller camp after all. The former NBC entertainment chief has renewed his contract with Electus, the TV and digital production studio backed by...
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The Latest on the sexual assault trial of Bill Cosby (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case appears ready to work late for the third night in a row.
Jurors asked for testimony about a detective's interview with Cosby in early 2005. The comedian acknowledged groping Andrea Constand after giving her pills.
Judge Stephen O'Neill says a court reporter is racing to transcribe that portion of last week's testimony. The jurors ordered strombolis for dinner while they wait.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting Andrea Constand at his home in 2004. He says it was consensual.
The jury has been weighing Cosby's fate for more than 24 hours over three days.
___
3:10 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has reviewed Andrea Constand's testimony about the night she says the comedian drugged and violated her.
Jurors had portions of Constand's testimony read back to them Wednesday. Constand testified last week that Cosby gave her pills, helped her to a couch and groped her without her permission while she was passed out, unable to stop him.
The 79-year-old comedian faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault stemming from the encounter at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The defense argues that Cosby and Constand were lovers sharing a consensual sexual encounter.
Jurors have deliberated some 21 hours since getting the case Monday.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jurors reviewed only a portion of Andrea Constand's testimony, not the entire transcript.
___
12:55 p.m.
Deliberations at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial are well into a third day as jurors weigh charges that could send the 79-year-old comedian to prison for the rest of his life.
Jurors went straight to the deliberation room Wednesday and remained there, with wraps and hoagies arriving for lunch. The panel hasn't had any questions so far Wednesday. They asked four during the first two days of deliberations.
Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault. He's accused of drugging and violating a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's lawyers argued that he and the woman, Andrea Constand, were lovers and that the encounter was consensual.
Jurors had asked to hear parts of Cosby's damaging decade-old deposition testimony about pills and sex and testimony about Constand's first police report.
___
9:20 a.m.
Jury deliberations have entered a third day in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial.
Jurors already have spent about 16 hours discussing whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home more than a decade ago. He says it was consensual.
Cosby is charged with three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault.
The jury resumed deliberating Wednesday morning with Cosby in the courthouse.
___
9 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial.
Cosby entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse Wednesday morning on the arm of his spokesman.
Jurors are deliberating over whether he drugged and assaulted a woman at his home in 2004. He says the encounter was consensual.
The jury has deliberated for about 16 hours so far.
After the jury adjourned late Tuesday, Cosby shouted the "Fat Albert" catchphrase, "Hey, hey, hey" and gave a thumbs-up as he got in his SUV.
___
1:15 a.m.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The media presence has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Deliberations have worn on for about 16 hours since the jury got the case on Monday night. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
Cosby spokesman Andrew Wyatt has been a central part of the show outside the courthouse. He's drawn throngs of cameras with his updates on Cosby's mood and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
Jurors are weighing three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of his life.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Robbie Williams will be reuniting with his former Take That bandmates for the final of the BBC singing show Let It Shine.
Williams, who departed the boyband at the height of their fame in 1995, will join the panel as a guest judge as well as taking to the stage with current Take That members Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald for a special performance.
The final of the singing competition will see three groups of singers battle it out for the chance to star in a West End musical based on Take That's greatest hits.
Each group will perform twice in front of judges Williams, Barlow, Dannii Minogue and Martin Kemp, before their fates are left up to a public vote.
Williams said: "I'm looking forward to being back with Gary, Mark and Howard on Let It Shine and am excited to be a guest judge for the very special final."
Let It Shine continues this Saturday at 6.55pm on BBC One while the final airs on February 25.
ILOILO CITY — There is no let up in the war on drugs and the death toll continues to rise in the new year.
Police operatives gunned down a laborer in Culasi town in Antique on Sunday afternoon in a buy-bust operation.
Elphy Sagpao, 42, allegedly fought it out with policemen under the Culasi police station, the Provincial Anti-Illegal Drugs Special Operations Task Group and the Regional Public Safety Battalion during the operation around 4:47 p.m. at Barangay Esperanza in Culasi.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sagpao was also facing criminal complaints for allegedly raping and killing the eight-year-old granddaughter of his common law wife in 2016.
Sagpao was brought to the Culasi District Hospital but was pronounced dead on arrival by physicians.
He was the first drug suspect who died in a police operation in the municipality, said PO1 Elisa Grace Singson, community relations officer of the Culasi police station.
Police recovered a .38-revolver with four rounds of ammunition and an empty shell from Sagpao.
Sagpao was the 17th suspected drug personality killed in police operations in Western Visauas since July 1. At least 15 other drug suspects have also been killed by unknown assailants in the same period in the region.
The continued killings have provoked outcry from church groups and human rights organizations and advocates. SFM
Video
James Bay has told BBC Radio 5 live that it is "wrong and unfair" that tickets to his show are being resold for over four times face value on reselling sites like Viagogo.
National Trading Standards have been asked by the Advertising Standards Authority to open an investigation into Viagogo for allegedly misleading consumers over booking fees and delivery prices.
Viagogo are yet to respond to BBC Radio 5 live's requests for comment.
What if you could launch your career with the skills to make great decisions about your personal income, and use the same skill to enhance your employability? http://www.depts.ttu.edu/hs/pfp/non_majors.php
The Studies in Personal Finance minor provides basic knowledge needed to manage personal financial activities in day-to-day life. It is a great preparation for any career but, especially applicable to careers in social services, education, communications, and business.
The minor involves 18 credit hours and two of the 6 courses comprise the educational requirements for the Accredited Financial Counselor (AFC®) designation, which is a great way to set you apart in graduate school applications or in the job field. https://www.afcpe.org
If you have any questions about the Studies in Personal Finance Minor, please contact Jennifer Wilson at jennifer.wilson@ttu.edu for more information! Or reach out to your Advisor to learn how you can pursue the Studies in Personal Finance minor!
The minor does not satisfy the eligibility requirement to take the Certified Financial Planner (CFP) Comprehensive Exam. If you are interested in the CFP Exam please reference the Personal Financial Planning website. http://www.depts.ttu.edu/hs/pfp/
The TTU Vernacular Music Center, the School of Music, and the Roots Music Institute present "Bal-Folk TTU!"--an evening of friendly participatory Euro-French folk dance to live music, hosted by "that lil' ol' drone band from Texas, RattleSkull!
Thursday, April 27 7pm, at O'Reilly's Irish Pub (3300 82nd St), Bal-Folk TTU presents a "Bal"--an evening of participatory folk dances, to live music. BFT musicians and dancers will provide a friendly, open-access, all ages introduction to the Euro-French dances and music of "BalFolk": Chapelloise, Cercle Circassienne, polka, mazurka, schottische, bourrée à deux et trois.
Friendly on-the-fly instruction offered, no partner necessary. Featuring the musicians of RattleSkull and the TTU Vernacular Music Center (VMC) (hurdy gurdy. bagpipes, accordion, fiddle, flute, etc.). No cover (donations welcome), friendly wait-staff, live music, and fun for all.
Venez à notre Bal!
MOUNT PLEASANT, SC (WCBD) — A large alligator gave one Mount Pleasant family a scare Easter morning.
The homeowners said they thought someone was breaking into their house when they found the gator had climbed on the porch.
They say the gator had to climb a 15-foot staircase, break through a screen, climb through a doorway, and then push furniture out of the way.
Wildlife experts say this type of behavior is not unusual for alligators during this time of the year. They are making their way out of hibernation and into warmer waters. They start new feeding patterns and defend their territory as they move into the mating season.
Stay with WFLA News Channel 8's Lila Gross for more trending stories.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
Disney just can't wait to be king of the streaming world, announcing on Tuesday an aggressive move to pull all of its content from Netflix and start its own streaming platforms.
The Walt Disney Company says that it will start its own Netflix-style streaming service, set to launch in 2019. The platform will host Disney and Pixar movies and a selection of Disney Channel TV programs.
And just like other streaming services like Netflix, Hulu and Amazon, Disney will also be making a "significant investment" in creating original content exclusively for the platform.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Disney to pull content from Netflix, launch its own streaming service 0:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Disney also said it plans to launch a separate ESPN-branded service that will host an assortment of sports programming. The platform will run on an app that the company hopes will become the "premier digital destination" for all sports fans.
The news follows Disney's majority-share acquisition of BAMTech, a streaming technology and marketing company it first bought one third of last year for $1 billion. Disney said Tuesday that it purchased an additional 42 percent of the company for $1.58 billion.
"The media landscape is increasingly defined by direct relationships between content creators and consumers, and our control of BAMTech's full array of innovative technology will give us the power to forge those connections, along with the flexibility to quickly adapt to shifts in the market," Disney Chairman Robert A. Iger said in the release.
The move means all of Disney and Pixar content will be gone from Netflix by the end of 2018, before its platform is set to launch. All new content, including "Toy Story 4," a sequel to 'Frozen," and a live-action adaptation of "The Lion King," will be available only on the new Disney subscription service.
Netflix shares plunged more than 5 percent following the announcement. A spokesperson for the company was not immediately available for comment.
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below
The snow may be falling, but optimism is riding high for Wall Street and investors as we dive headlong into a new year. What began with a whimper in 2016 ended with a bang. In less than two months since the election, the iconic Dow Jones Industrial Average has ticked off more than a dozen all-time highs.
However, not all companies participated in the end-of-year surge or the market's amazing rally from its Feb. 2016 lows. These downtrodden companies provide long-term investors with the opportunity to seize the day and pick out attractively priced high-quality companies that could form the foundation of growth for their portfolio for years to come.
Here are four top stocks trading at discounts that investors should consider buying this winter.
Activision Blizzard, Inc.
We'll begin in the technology sector by taking a closer look at video game developer Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ: ATVI). Shares of Activision are down about 5% year to date, but they've been hit hard over the past quarter as competition in the mobile and online gaming space has heated up.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Image source: Activision Blizzard.
One of the more attractive aspects of Activision Blizzard is its convenience. Whereas some of its peers are still tied to traditional gaming consoles — and make no mistake about it, Call of Duty is still a major growth driver for the company — Activision Blizzard has ramped up its reliance on digital revenue. During the third quarter, 86% of its GAAP revenue came from digital sources compared to just 64% in the previous year. We're talking about a more efficient, less costly method of reaching the consumer that should translate into growing profits and better margins for Activision Blizzard.
There's also a lot to like when it comes to Activision's gaming diversity. Even though King, the maker of mobile game Candy Crush, saw a modest quarter-over-quarter revenue decline, its mobile bookings and average revenue per user grew from the prior-year period. Furthermore, the World of Warcraft franchise drove record participation in value-added services. Sporting a PEG ratio of just below 0.8, Activision Blizzard could be a top stock poised to rebound.
Barrick Gold Corporation
Physical gold started 2016 off with a bang, registering its best quarter in 30 years during Q1 2016. After August, though, it all went wrong. The Federal Reserve has returned to its hawkish stance on monetary policy and the dollar has been strengthening, which is all bad news for gold stocks, including Barrick Gold (NYSE: ABX), which has lost around 30% of its value over the past six months.
Image source: Getty Images.
However, Barrick Gold is perhaps the most cost efficient of all gold miners. It's reduced its all-in sustaining cost (AISC) estimate multiple times this year, with the midpoint of its forecast now at $760 per ounce, a full $370 per ounce below gold's current spot price. What's more, Barrick believes that as it brings new sources of production online, it can push its AISC below $700 per ounce, which would give the company an exceptionally large margin buffer.
At the same time, Barrick has done a remarkable job ofreducing its expenses and debt. After ending 2014 with $13.1 billion in debt, Barrick is on track to finish fiscal 2016 with just $8 billion in debt, which means lower interest expenses and more financial flexibility. It's also reduced its capital expenditures by roughly three-quarters in just four years. By focusing on only its highest ore-grade projects, Barrick has laid a foundation for success, even with gold around $1,100 per ounce.
Image source: Getty Images.
Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC
Mid-cap specialty drugmaker Jazz Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: JAZZ) is another top stock to have high up on your watchlist this winter. Jazz's stock has shed more than 20% year to date, mainly on account of both presidential candidates and now President-elect Donald Trump post-election criticism of drug-pricing practices in America. Jazz's lead drug, Xyrem for narcolepsy, increased in price by more than 840% between 2007 and 2014, meaning Jazz Pharmaceuticals could be a prime target should drug reform policies find their way to the president's desk.
But there are a lot of what-ifs regarding pricing reform. First, Trump has a laundry list of priorities to handle, and it's unlikely that drug-pricing reform is anywhere near the top of the list. Also, Republicans, who are in firm control of the House and Senate, are more likely to side with a free market than impose restrictions on drug developers. It probably means companies like Jazz Pharmaceuticals will be able to retain most of their pricing power.
The end result is that Xyrem sales should continue to shine for Jazz, and a new advertising campaign can only help. Xyrem's growth rate is probably going to top 10% once again in 2017. When coupled with its exceptionally low corporate income tax rate — Jazz is based in Ireland — that allows it to keep more of its profits, this single-digit forward P/E top stock looks to be an incredible value.
Image source: Skechers.
Skechers USA Inc.
Another top stock expected to take a step in the right direction this winter is footwear and accessories retailer Skechers USA (NYSE: SKX). Skechers' rough 2016 sent its shares down by nearly 20%. Much of the blame can be credited to earnings weakness caused by a fire in its Malaysian warehouse, adverse currency effects, and a shift in its domestic whole business into a later quarter.
The best news for shareholders is that Skechers' issues in 2016 are probably going to be confined to just a few quarters. While a warehouse fire is unfortunate, it's not a recurring cost. Likewise, though currency can adversely impact Skechers' top and bottom lines, it's not as if we as investors can look past currency moves to get a feel for how the underlying business is performing. During the third quarter, Skechers wound up recording a 10.1% increase in year-over-year sales, which continues its recent trend of double-digit sales growth.
Skechers' aggressive expansion plans outside the U.S. should also intrigue prospective investors. Nearly three-quarters of Skechers' stores are located outside the U.S., which could be a smart strategic move that results in higher growth rates. Of course, it could also lead to high spending and a few quarterly hiccups. Investors who keep their eye on the long term are probably going to be rewarded with a superior growth rate compared to its retail footwear peers.
Find out why Activision Blizzard is one of the 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market!*)
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Activision Blizzard is on the list — but there are nine others you may be overlooking.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016
Sean Williamshas no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen nameTMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle@TMFUltraLong.
The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard and Skechers. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Algerian authorities have seized more than 700kg (1,543lb) of cocaine smuggled aboard a container ship.
The vessel, which was registered in Liberia, was transporting frozen meat from Brazil and had previously docked in the Spanish port of Valencia.
It was due to offload in Algeria's western port of Oran, but suspicions were raised when the captain refused to dock for three days.
Acting on a tip-off, the Algerian coastguard forced the boat into port.
The drugs were then found in boxes marked with the words "halal meat".
More than 20 people have been arrested over the drugs find.
Domain hosting company GoDaddy said Monday that neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer has 24 hours to find a new provider before its service is canceled following the publication of a disparaging article about the woman killed in the Charlottesville protests.
Shortly after the announcement, the Daily Stormer — the top hate site in America, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center — moved its domain to Google.
But in a matter of hours, Google announced it, too, would not be hosting the website.
On Sunday, the Daily Stormer published an article about Heather Heyer, who died after a vehicle plowed into a group of counter-protesters demonstrating against white supremacists.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Protests Against Charlottesville Violence and White Nationalists Break Out Across the United States 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A Twitter user flagged the offensive content by taking a screengrab of the article, and tweeting it at GoDaddy.
The article, which had the byline of the Daily Stormer's founder Andrew Anglin, mocked Heyer's looks and degraded her for not being a mother.
It also elevated the suspected driver, James Alex Fields, Jr., saying, “despite the cool demeanor he shows in his social media profile pictures, it appears that road rage got the best of him.”
“We have informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race wrote in an email to NBC News.
Race also noted that GoDaddy does not host the Daily Stormer on its servers — it only hosts the domain.
The Daily Stormer, which takes its name from the gutter Nazi propaganda sheet known as “Der Stürmer,” promotes anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
In the past, GoDaddy said it could not disable the Daily Stormer's domain or that of other neo-Nazi website, because of Anglin and others' First Amendment right and freedom of speech.
The homepage of the Daily Stormer appears to have been hacked by Anonymous. Daily Stormer
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said.
By Monday afternoon, Google had decided to drop the Daily Stormer's domain registration, too.
“We are cancelling Daily Stormer's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service,” a Google spokesperson wrote in an email to NBC News.
A search for the domain showed Google was still hosting Daily Stormer as of 3 p.m. Monday. It was not immediately clear when Google would drop the site.
Following the article about Heyer and the announcement that GoDaddy would be ending the Daily Stormer's service, the site appeared to have been hacked by internet activist group Anonymous.
Related: Sessions Says Dept. of Justice Will Defend Protesters Against ‘Racism and Bigotry'
An article with Anonymous' signature Guy Fawkes mask appeared at the top of the page on Monday morning with a headline reading, “END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER.”
However, an Anonymous Twitter account noted that it could not verify the authenticity of the hack and warned its followers to “remain cautious.”
Later on Monday, a story on the Daily Stormer with Anglin's byline on it said the site was back in the hands of its founder.
His dad has a habit of popping up in his TV shows but Norton's mum made her debut in Grantchester series 3
James Norton's dad has a habit of popping up in his TV shows, having made appearances in War & Peace, Lady Chatterly's Lover and, of course, Grantchester.
Advertisement
But did you notice both his father AND mother popping up in Grantchester series 3 episode 4?
Norton's mum, Lavinia, made her debut as an extra in the latest series of his Cambridgeshire drama, joining her husband, Hugh, for a scene at the policeman's ball. You can spot the pair chatting with Robson Green's Geordie just before the scene's speeches begin.
“She was slightly terrified at how much she looked like my granny when she got the proper perm on and everything”, Norton revealed.
The actor delights in having his family around him while on set. “My dad is recently retired from working as a lecturer at a college near Hull, and it's a really great way for him and my mum to see the world,” he said in an interview on BBC Radio 2 in 2016.
“So my dad comes and dresses up as these mad characters, and my mum sits of the sidelines and just laughs at him. And they love it.”
Advertisement
We wouldn't mind it either, James. Let us know if you've any spare roles going!
LeBron James stuck up for Isaiah Thomas for a first time, before perhaps meeting up with his new point guard for the first time as a teammate.
“The burning of the jersey thing is getting ridiculous now!” James ranted in a five-tweet spree Thursday. “The man was traded. What do u not understand? & played in a game after sister tragic death.”Two days after the Cavaliers-Celtics trade, James blasted Boston fans who weren't sending Thomas off right, as all the rage these days is to set jerseys ablaze after a player leaves a team.
Broadening his target a bit, the King took aim at fans' disrespect as a whole.
“When ‘we' decide to do what best for us it's ‘cowardly' ‘traitor', etc,” James wrote, “but when it's on the other side it's ‘business' huh!?!?”
James will be in a better mood Saturday, when he and Thomas may be able to do some off-the-court bonding at the Mayweather-McGregor fight.
According to ESPN, both will be in Vegas for the mega-bout as they try to get on the same page after Tuesday's trade, in which Thomas, Jae Crowder, Ante Zizic and the rights to the Nets' 2018 first-round pick were flipped for Kyrie Irving.
Thomas, a two-time All-Star, told The Ringer in March that he and Mayweather are longtime pals, since before Thomas entered the NBA in 2011.
With the Cavs' regular season set to open Oct. 17, when they will host the Celtics, the team chemistry building has begun.
Canada on Wednesday hit 14 Venezuelan officials — including President Nicolás Maduro's wife – with sanctions in response to the “illegitimate and anti-democratic elections held in Venezuela on May 20.”
The order freezes the assets of the individuals and bars people living in Canada, or Canadians living outside the country, from dealing in property or providing financial services to those on the list.
Among those hit are Cilia Flores, Venezuela's first lady and a member of the National Constituent Assembly (ANC). President Maduro was sanctioned by Canada in 2017.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The other people listed include officers of the ANC, members of the Venezuelan Supreme Court and members of the National Electoral Council.
“These sanctions send a clear message that the Maduro regime's anti-democratic behavior has consequences,” Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement. “Today's announcement is evidence of our commitment to defending democracy and human rights around the world and our rejection of Venezuela's fraudulent presidential elections. Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future.”
On Monday, the European Union announced that it also would be leveling more sanctions against Venezuelan officials.
The actions come after Maduro, 55, won a new six-year term earlier this month in a vote that the United States, the European Union and more than a dozen Latin American countries have said was illegitimate.
Depending on their choices, Globe voters could clarify standings in the Oscar race. That contest — the first in nearly 30 years without Harvey Weinstein pulling strings — has so far been a free-for-all, with the World War II epic “Dunkirk,” the gay romance “Call Me By Your Name,” the satirical horror film “Get Out,” the coming-of-age movie “Lady Bird” and others jockeying for position.
Below are five things to consider before the Globes nominations are unveiled starting at 8:15 a.m. Eastern.
Will ‘The Post' Make Headlines?
Photo
This Watergate-era drama about the famed publisher of The Washington Post, Katharine Graham, has been trying to hang back: It won't arrive in wide release until Jan. 12. But early buzz has been strong — the National Board of Review named it the best film of the year — and Globe voters could turn “The Post” white hot. Nominations are expected in the big four categories: the best drama, director (Steven Spielberg), actress (Meryl Streep) and actor (Tom Hanks). No other movie is expected to pull that off.
Plenty of Contenders for Best Director
Photo
Because the press association gives a prize for best drama and best comedy, Hollywood often looks to directing nominees for clues about what film truly rose to the top at the Globes. Joining Mr. Spielberg will likely be Christopher Nolan, the force behind “Dunkirk.” Two other safe bets include Luca Guadagnino (“Call Me by Your Name”) and Guillermo Del Toro, who directed “The Shape of Water,” a fantasy focused on a mute janitor and her romance with a mysterious merman.
That leaves one slot. The strongest contenders for it are thought to be Jordan Peele (“Get Out”), Greta Gerwig (“Lady Bird”) and Joe Wright, whose “Darkest Hour” examines Winston Churchill's early days in World War II.
Who will be left out?
Diversity Remains an Issue
Photo
If you trust the handicappers at Gold Derby, an entertainment honors site, this year's Academy Award nominations could be #OscarsSoWhite all over again. Currently, the prognosticators indicate there's a possibility that only the supporting actress category would feature an actor of color: Mary J. Blige, for her sagacious matriarch in “Mudbound,” a Netflix drama about racial tension in rural Mississippi in the 1940s.
The Globes could prod other worthy candidates forward, including Tiffany Haddish, the breakout star of “Girls Trip”; “The Big Sick” lead actor Kumail Nanjiani; Daniel Kaluuya, who helped propel “Get Out” to box office heights; and Hong Chau, a scene stealer in “Downsizing.” Octavia Spencer, a former Oscar winner who is featured in “The Shape of Water,” could also be in the mix.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A Repeat of the Emmys?
Photo
Globe voters like to make agenda-setting choices with their television awards. They paid early attention to “Transparent,” “Mr. Robot” and “The Crown,” helping to catapult those series into the cultural firmament. But Emmys voters may have beaten them to the punch this year.
At the most recent Emmy Awards, multiple trophies went to rookie shows like “The Handmaid's Tale” and “Big Little Lies,” both of which are also likely to receive numerous Globe nominations. The newest series that Globe voters could rally behind on Monday are actually reboots of old ones: NBC's “Will & Grace” or perhaps Showtime's little-watched “Twin Peaks.”
The meandering HBO drama “The Deuce” and Netflix's period serial killer series “Mindhunter” could also receive nominations.
❥ 🏹 JUST DROPPED!! One of my favorite minis!! The sexiest waxed leather-like @goodamerican denim!! You'll be rocking these all season long ladies 🔥💣🔥 Get yours now on goodamerican.com #GoodSquad #GoodAmerican ❥ 🏹
A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Oct 5, 2017 at 9:02am PDT
8 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Warrington Wolves have confirmed the appointment of Steve Price as the club's new head coach on a two-year deal.
The 40-year-old takes on the role from departing head of coaching and rugby Tony Smith, making the move from his position as assistant coach with NRL side Cronulla Sharks.
Price, who has been part of NRL Grand Final winning sides at St George and Cronulla, has also coached the Dragons earlier in his career.
“I'm excited to be heading to the UK and being part of the Warrington Wolves for 2018,” he said.
“I'm grateful to be leading this great club with such a passionate fan base and prestigious history. I endeavour to build a tough and resilient football team, that will be attractive to watch and will enhance the Wire brand.
“I'm looking forward to working with the Warrington Wolves Board, CEO, office and playing group. As well as getting to know the supportive Wire community.”
Chief executive Karl Fitzpatrick added: “Following completion of a thorough and extensive search, we firmly believe that in Steve Price we have found the right man to bring success to Warrington Wolves. As a result of his involvement in two NRL Grand Final winning clubs, Steve fully understands what is required to deliver that success; he is regarded as having a major influence on the Sharks' 2016 Grand Final win and he is highly respected by all of their players.
“During our detailed discussions, Steve clearly demonstrated an exceptional understanding of the game in both attack and defence, and he has a great awareness of Super League. Steve has a reputation for attention to detail when it comes to his team's preparation and performance, and he is acutely aware of the high expectations we have here at Warrington.
“Steve was one of the youngest to secure a head coach role in the NRL, and we are certain that this experience will put him in good stead. We received resounding positive feedback at all stages of the recruitment process, with Steve being highly recommended by some of the sport's most successful coaches and influential players.”
WORK will begin this Tuesday morning on the Gardens International office development as part of a €17.6m contract, which has the potential to house 750 jobs when finished and support 150 jobs during construction.
Builders are due on site from tomorrow morning to complete the 100,000 sq ft development - the first of three major projects aiming to transform the inner city as part of the €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty project.
The Gardens' contract was signed last week by JJ Rhatigan & Company builders and Limerick Twenty Thirty, which is the first special purpose vehicle of its kind in Ireland and was created by Limerick City and County Council to purchase and build strategic but unused key sites in the city.
The building will be completed by late 2018, Limerick Twenty Thirty has outlined.
Limerick Twenty Thirty Chairman Denis Brosnan said the Gardens development was "very important" for Limerick and the wider region.
"This will be the catalyst for a new era of growth for Limerick as this is the first in a wider programme that is going to transform Limerick into a dynamic living and working city capable of competing with the leading destinations in Europe for inward investment," he said.
"Limerick's time has come and timing is a key aspect of this given the capacity constraints and competitive issues that other cities who want this type of investment have.
"It's also timely from a Brexit perspective as Limerick, with high-end projects like this, will be the best placed and most competitive English speaking city in the EU for inward investment. We will have state-of-the-art space in a city that has been revitalised over the last three years or so but remains an extremely cost-effective location for operating international business in and from."
Formerly known as the Hanging Gardens, Limerick council bought the site to address the lack of grade A office space in the urban area, and to attract blue-chip multi-nationals.
There has already been strong interest in the building and council CEO Conn Murray said the Gardens site would "trigger a new wider programme of investment in infrastructure to bring that record period in Limerick to another level".
"Limerick is rejuvenated, it is attracting a lot of international attention and now we will be able to offer what FDI and indigenous investors mostly look for – inner city locations in a vibrant city where people can work and, indeed, live. This will be a landmark project for Limerick and in time we will look back on it as pivotal moment for the city and region," he explained.
Niall O'Callaghan, the IDA's regional manager, said last week that the body had been "marketing it vigorously for the last number of months in anticipation of its completion, and we'd certainly be optimistic once it is completed, it will deliver foreign direct investment for the city centre.”
Limerick council bought the site from Nama after the agency took it over from developer Robert Butler, who fell into financial difficulties during the recession.
The original plans would have seen retail space at ground level, and four floors of office accommodation over basement parking.
Conservation work has already taken place on the development, which is designed to be high spec, with a modern office feel dovetailing and entirely complementing the aesthetics of an architecturally significant building considered one of Limerick's most unique.
The five-floor development will be suitable for a range of uses once completed.
