Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump is considering pardoning a black boxer after he was telephoned by actor Sylverster Stallone.
The Rocky actor got in touch with the US President to persuade him to pardon Jack Johnson who was the first black world heavyweight champion.
Trump tweeted following their conversation: “Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson,” Trump tweeted earlier today.
“His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial.
"Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!”
Stallone, the star of the Rocky movies, has been a guest at the president's Mar-a-Lago resort.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
He is the latest to champion the cause of Johnson who was arrested in 1913 and charged with transporting a prostitute across state lines, a violation of the Mann Act.
Johnson, who held the world heavyweight title from 1908 to 1915, shot to fame at a time when whites often killed blacks without fear of legal repercussions.
When he beat white fighter Jim Jefferies in a 1910 fight in Reno, Nevada which led to deadly race riots.
In defiance of the time he lived lavishly and dated white women.
When he was unsurprisingly convicted he said, “They crucified Christ. Why not me?”
The boxer skipped bail and went to Europe but when he returned to the US in 1920 he served almost a year in jail.
The British world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis told the Guardian in 2010 that though Muhammad Ali's “contribution was profound, Jack Johnson's was the first”.
“It was quite a story,” Lewis said. “I am a lover of history and it was good to look again at the sort of attitudes that were about back in those days, to see how far we have come.
“Even though black people were, in some ways, more accepted in American culture, the promoters' dream became to look for controversy. And Jack Johnson was the first great showman. He gave them what they wanted. Look at the time he lived.
“It was remarkable that he was travelling the world, as a black man, getting arrested, leaving America, going to Europe. In the end he got old, like we all do, and he got knocked out by Jess Willard.”
Florida Medical Center is paying tribute to its dedicated physicians on Doctor's Day, which is celebrated to recognize the contribution physicians make to their patients and the community.
The physicians at Florida Medical Center enjoyed a special lunch and dessert spread as a thank you for their tireless work and dedication that they have shown to their patients.
“We thank our physicians for all that they do on a daily basis,” said Trey Abshier, CEO of Florida Medical Center.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hotel bills for Grenfell Tower survivors have hit £20.9million in eight months, figures reveal.
The sum is for rooms at 53 hotels up to February this year for evacuees from ­Grenfell and a neighbouring estate, according to Freedom of Information data.
The local council is likely to get half the cost back from the Government.
Another £8million has been paid out to residents who lost everything in the inferno that claimed 71 lives in West London last June.
(Image: PA)
Local Labour MP for Kensington Emma Dent Coad said: “I spend a great deal of time visiting displaced families in hotels, and without exception they want permanent homes but are not being offered anything suitable.
“Their lives are not only on hold; for many this has lost them jobs and businesses, and destroyed their ability to work or study.”
According to Kensington and Chelsea council, of the 209 households needing new homes, 185 have accepted a temporary or permanent place and 126 have moved in.
This leaves 24 families or individuals still in hotels.
Blac Chyna has reportedly accused Kim Kardashian West of "bullying" her.
The 29-year-old reality TV star thinks the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star - who is the auntie of her 14-month-old daughter Dream - is "very cruel" and is using "mean girls" tactics to promote her new perfumes after she told the world that she'd sent her "haters", including Chyna, a chocolate heart with her BAE scent inside for Valentine's Day.
A source told TMZ: "She's annoyed about the gift she received the other day from Kim. She's surprised Kim would do this, since she's Dream's aunt. She also disagrees with the 'hater' label because she says she's never tried to tarnish Kim's image."
Kim, 37, caused a stir earlier this week when she listed her enemies - including Taylor Swift, Sharon Osbourne, Piers Morgan and Pink - on Snapchat and said she would be sending them and "anyone else" she can think of a bottle from her new KIMOJI Heart range.
Kim said: "I am gonna send out way more than this but I decided this Valentine's Day everyone deserves a Valentine. I'm gonna send one to my lovers, my haters, to everyone I can think of, because it's Valentine's Day after all."
Chyna has been locked in a bitter legal battle with Kim, her brother Rob Kardashian - whom she has Dream with, and their mother Kris Jenner since the latter end of last year after she tried to sue them for defamation and accused them of sabotaging her show 'Rob & Chyna'.
The celebrity trio - who are named as the defendants in the suit - have countered Chyna's claims by saying they are "bald conclusions that have no factual support."
According to Chyna - whose real name is Angela White - the US TV network E!, the show's production team and Rob were all open to shooting a second season before it was suddenly cut, and she believes the trio were responsible for the cancellation.
Chyna - who also has five-year-old son King Cairo with her ex-fiance Tyga - has also accused the Kardashians of defamation, after they alleged that she left Dream at home while she went to a party, but the Kardashians insist they never made that claim.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We're past hump day - the weekend is fast approaching.
And what better way to edge you closer to freedom from the office than a bumper on the bank balance with a win on the horses?
There is a bumper card on Thursday with meetings at Hamilton Park, Lingfield Park, Wolverhampton, Chelmsford City and Ffos Las.
Our boy Newsboy is here to help you pick a winner and and get some cash in your back pocket.
Let us know in the comments section below if you get lucky with any winnings - and remember always gamble responsibly....
HAMILTON PARK
2.00 ELFT DANCER
2.30 JABBAROCKIE
3.00 LOGI
3.30 JABBAAR
4.00 TRUMP ALEXANDER
4.30 PRANCING OSCAR
5.00 IF WE CAN CAN
LINGFIELD PARK
1.40 BREAKFAST
2.10 BAYSHORE FREEWAY
2.40 PENNY POET (NB)
3.10 DOLPHIN VILLAGE
3.40 FAST AND HOT (NAP)
4.10 FORRICHERFORPOORER
4.40 RED ISLAND
5.10 MIRROR MIRROR
WOLVERHAMPTON
1.50 MUSICAL ART
2.20 ERASTUS
2.50 BIG TIME MAYBE
3.20 GIFT OF HERA
3.50 ANGELINA D'OR
4.20 SERVO
4.50 COVIGLIA
5.20 HERM
CHELMSFORD CITY
6.10 PROBABILITY
6.40 BOSHAM
7.10 VALE OF KENT
7.40 MESQUITE
8.10 FLORIA TOSCA
8.40 UNFORGIVING MINUTE
9.10 KAY SERA
FFOS LAS
6.00 FLORAL BOUQUET
6.30 STATE THE OBVIOUS
7.00 ABBREVIATE
7.30 CHILL IN THE WOOD
8.00 WELLS DE LUNE
8.30 SCHNABEL
9.00 MR MAFIA
DOUBLE: FAST AND HOT and PENNY POET
(ABC News) — A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift told jurors Monday that the pop star's account is inconsistent with the testimony of every other member of her team. As the pop star cried in federal court during closing arguments, he questioned why Swift was smiling in a photo taken at the time she said the alleged assault took place.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?” Gabriel McFarland, representing former country station DJ David Mueller, said while showing the photograph from before a 2013 concert with Mueller and Swift together that Swift has said was taken the moment she grabbed hear backside.
Related Content: Taylor Swift groping trial draws attention to hidden outrage
Swift, who testified forcefully last week, cried and wiped her face as her mother, Andrea Swift, touched her right leg. Her lawyer also rubbed her back. Andrea Swift also touched her daughter's hand as McFarland said the photograph meant nothing.
McFarland also told jurors that Mueller immediately asked someone to call the police when he was confronted by security guards about the alleged groping at a backstage meet-and-greet at Denver's Pepsi Center.
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” he said.
Related Content: Judge tosses DJ's suit against Taylor Swift in groping trial
He also cast doubt on the claim of Swift security guard Greg Dent that he saw Mueller touch Swift while the photo was shot but did not act because he did not think she was in danger.
McFarland said photographer who took the image “started it all” by pulling a photo of Mueller and his girlfriend with Swift from dozens she took during the event and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched her.
Swift's attorney, Douglas Baldridge, told jurors that Swift is standing up for all women and saying, “No means no.”
Related Content: Taylor Swift wants case to serve as example to other victims
He characterized Mueller as an aggressor and asked jurors: “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?”
Citing Swift's counterclaim alleging assault and battery, Baldridge asked jurors to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
WOODBRIDGE, N.J. (AP) — A boat has slammed into some rocks in a major shipping channel that connects New Jersey and Staten Island, New York, injuring five people, two of them critically.
New Jersey State Police say the boat crashed into the rocks Sunday evening in the Arthur Kill channel near Woodbridge, New Jersey.
State police say eight people were aboard the boat at the time of the crash, but only five of them suffered injuries. Two of the injured remain hospitalized in critical condition.
It's unclear what caused the crash, which remains under investigation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PRAGUE (AP) — A court has banned the ride-sharing service Uber from operating in Brno, the second largest city in the Czech Republic.
The Brno regional court issued the ban after a legal complaint by a taxi company with support from Brno City Hall.
Uber, which has been operating in Brno since Feb. 1, can yet appeal the ruling.
In a statement issued Tuesday, Brno City Hall said it is not against mobile applications and new taxi services but they have to be provided in line with the law.
Advertisement
Uber argues it is not a common taxi company but the court ruled that it is.
Some of Uber's services are banned in other European cities. But the company still operates in the Czech capital, Prague.
Officials Dismissed Concerns Raised By Environmentalists About Oroville Dam
Environmental groups raised concerns the Oroville Dam had structural problems more than a decade ago. But California and federal officials dismissed the issues they raised.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
In northern California, the mandatory evacuation order for people living near the Oroville Dam has been lifted, so people can go home. But the local sheriff is warning people in the area that conditions could rapidly change, and they could require a new evacuation at any time.
The concern is over structural problems at the dam, and as we learned this week, environmental groups raised concerns about these problems more than a decade ago. But at the time California, and federal officials dismissed them. I talked about this with Paul Rogers. He's with member station KQED in the San Jose Mercury News. And I asked him about those warnings.
PAUL ROGERS, BYLINE: Well, in 2005 when the federal government was relicensing this dam, lots of people wrote comments and talked about it. And there were three environmental groups including the Sierra Club which said, you know, the emergency spillway here looks dangerous. It has a concrete lip across the top, but beyond that, if any water ever flowed over it in big rainstorms, it would just run down a hillside. There isn't any concrete there. And the hillside is covered with trees, and all that could erode really badly. And it might actually undercut the reservoir itself and cause a catastrophic release of water.
MCEVERS: So why was the dam built that way in the first place?
ROGERS: That's one of the mysteries right now that is going to come out over the next months and years as all this is investigated and congressional hearings and lawsuits and things like that happen. And it's important to remember that the area is still not out of the woods yet. There's a big storm coming in this week.
And so the water, which is now about 10 feet below the level because they've been frantically releasing water - that could go right back up over the top again of this emergency spillway and threaten the failure. But you know, 50 years ago, for some reason, they cut corners on this, and we were probably going to find out eventually.
MCEVERS: Why didn't state and federal authorities make the kind of upgrades to the dam that could have prevented this along the way?
ROGERS: You know, some of it I think is engineering hubris. I just dug up some documents yesterday in which the state Department of Water Resources here in California in 2006 wrote that this emergency spillway was, quote, "a safe and stable structure founded on solid bedrock that will not erode." Well, after running water over it for just a few hours, the erosion was so violent and severe that they evacuated 200,000 people. So...
MCEVERS: Yeah.
ROGERS: That was it. Also, it costs hundreds of millions of dollars to fix and anchor and improve dams. And I don't think anybody wanted to pay.
MCEVERS: Right, so - but now they're going to have to pay, and who is going to pay?
ROGERS: That's one of the great unknowns. This could cost, you know, $500 million or more to rebuild both spillways on this dam. I think already California is asking the federal government for help. Certainly the state and water users are going to pay some money, but some people out here are nervous because President Trump - you know, he didn't win California, and so some of our elected folks are a little nervous that he may not be that excited to go to bat for hundreds of millions of dollars to help fix this.
MCEVERS: So without federal funding to help, what would that mean?
ROGERS: That would mean that state taxpayers and probably water users in Silicon Valley and the Bay Area and Los Angeles and the Central Valley, the farms - they would all see increases in their water bills over the coming years to fix it. But it's got to be fixed. This is the tallest dam in the United States, and it's broken.
MCEVERS: Paul Rogers of member station KQED in San Francisco, thank you.
ROGERS: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF DAN ROMER AND OSEI ESSED SONG, "SHOWDOWN")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The last time we saw Captain Phasma (#GwendolineChristie) in The Force Awakens, an excited grin spread across Han Solo's (#HarrisonFord) face with the thought of dumping the Captain into a trash compacter in the Starkiller base. It was a nod to Star Wars: A New Hope where Han, Luke, Chewie and Leia found themselves trapped in a sewage disposal with their lives on the line—something that Han Solo never forgot.
With the recent release of the #TheLastJedi trailer, we get a glimpse of Captain Phasma emerging from a burning building wearing her silver armor and surrounded by her faithful Stormtroopers.
Captain Phasma in 'The Last Jedi' [Credit: Lucasfilm]
It is unclear if this scene is referencing a flashback or is part of the main story. But we do know that Captain Phasma will return in the film:
How Does Captain Phasma Survive?
During a panel discussion at #StarWarsCelebration, the official Star Wars site reported that Marvel will be releasing a four-issue comic book miniseries explaining how Captain Phasma escaped the doomed Starkiller base. It will be released in September, so fans that were hoping to see more of Captain Phasma in The Force Awakens will get their fill in the upcoming series (and The Last Jedi). The comic is written by Kelly Thompson (Hawkeye, A-Force) with illustrations by Marco Checchetto (Shattered Empire, The Screaming Citadel), who expressed his excitement about the project:
"I'm a huge fan of Star Wars: The Force Awakens and obviously can't wait to see Star Wars: The Last Jedi. We have not seen much of Phasma, and I'm very excited to explore more of this character."
'Star Wars: Captain Phasma' comic on shelves in September [Credit: Marvel Comics]
As the first female villain in a Star Wars film, #CaptainPhasma got a lot of attention before the film was released, yet barely had more than two minutes of screen time, so it will be exciting to learn more about her. With Christie continuing in the role, her impressive acting and physicality may lead to some epic fight scenes rivaling those famous Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker battles. Her portrayal of Brienne of Tarth on Game of Thrones has already proven she's a worthy adversary in battle; it wouldn't be a stretch to watch her go toe-to-toe with Luke or Rey as they fight to continue to restore balance in the Force.
Who do you want see Captain Phasma duke it out against in the The Last Jedi?
[Source: StarWars.com]
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
Broome locals and visitors came together this morning for a moving ceremony in honour of those who lost their lives fighting for the nation.
As the sun slowly began to rise over Bedford Park, more than 2000 people stood quietly in reflection at the annual Anzac Day Dawn Service.
The event was highlighted by the traditional march from Weld Street, comprising representatives from the Broome RSL, WA Police, North-West Mobile Force, Australian Navy Cadets, State Emergency Service unit and other organisations.
Pick up a copy of next week's Broome Advertiser for full coverage of the day.
South Korea Prepares To Spend $13 Billion On Winter Olympics. Is It Worth It?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahn Young-joon/AP Ahn Young-joon/AP
The brand-new Olympic stadium in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will be used just four times before it's decommissioned after the Winter Olympics and Paralympics. The venue will be used for opening and closing ceremonies for two Olympics and then it will be demolished.
The $109 million stadium is raising questions about whether hosting the Olympics is worth the cost for cities that don't have existing infrastructure to accommodate the event. The Pyeongchang stadium is one of several new arenas, event spaces and lodging structures built for the Olympics, which could cost South Korea nearly $13 billion.
Despite bold plans to repurpose Olympic buildings, past host cities, such as Rio de Janeiro and Athens, have been left with vacant, decaying sports complexes. Organizers in South Korea are planning to demolish some of the new buildings after the games, rather than risk them becoming white elephants, says Judith Grant-Long, an associate professor of sport management at the University of Michigan and a co-director of the Michigan Center for Sport and Policy.
"It's not so unusual to see temporary facilities used in the context of the Olympics, but this moves the needle towards disposable facilities," she tells Here & Now's Peter O'Dowd. "And I think the cost of this particular venue at approximately $100 million is really making people sit up and take notice about the costs associated with building venues."
The region's modest population is one reason why repurposing the stadium doesn't make much economic sense. There are only about 40,000 people in Pyeongchang County, which makes it almost impossible to regularly fill the new stadium that seats 35,000.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Milos Bicanski/Getty Images Milos Bicanski/Getty Images
South Korean officials are hoping the Olympics will boost the area's population by creating a new tourism cluster, Grant-Long says. Olympic organizers in Sochi, Russia, had similar goals, but unlike Russians, South Koreans don't care much for winter sports. A survey taken last April by the South Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism found that only 35.6 percent of people were interested in the Winter Olympics.
"The other issue with the success of this particular strategy in that location is that South Koreans at this point in time are not particularly a winter sport people," Grant-Long says. "So the idea of creating a tourism strategy that's based on winter sports, skiing and so forth, has not necessarily been a well-received idea from an economic development point of view."
Financial problems after the Olympics and other international sports events are common. It took Montreal 30 years to pay off its debts after the 1976 Olympics. The city's Olympic stadium was recently transformed into a refugee welcome center for asylum seekers entering Canada from the U.S.
Athens spent more than $15 billion to stage the Summer Games in 2004, adding to the country's debt and sparking the current economic turmoil. The games did bring much-needed development to the metro system, highways and an airport, but graffiti-covered stadiums remain unused.
In Rio, organizers are still staring down $40 million in debt incurred during the 2016 summer games after ambitious plans to convert arenas into schools collapsed. And the $550 million World Cup stadium in Brasilia, Brazil, was turned into a bus parking lot after the 2015 soccer tournament.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
"Most countries end up with a lot of debt, a lot of white elephants, and quite a bit of infrastructure investment that is not ideal for the type of development needs that the city has," Andy Zimbalist, a professor of economics at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., told NPR in 2014.
Experts say most cities that decide to host the Olympics will confront mountains of debt, especially if they don't have the infrastructure already. Construction companies often drive city officials to make higher bids by presenting more elaborate plans.
"If you're going to organize the games, you have to be prepared for financial surprises - I'll put it politely - and debt," Olympic historian David Wallechinsky told NPR last year. "But it can be done, and it has been done. The London Games didn't lose money. The 1984 Los Angeles Olympics made a profit, and in fact, that profit has been put to wonderful use."
The 1984 Games generated a $225-million surplus, which has been used to support American Olympic efforts and local youth sports organiztions over the past three decades, according to The Los Angeles Times.
At the end of last year, Paris and Los Angeles were chosen to host the Olympic Games in 2024 and 2028. The International Olympic Committee says the cities were designated because of their plans to use a "record-breaking number of existing and temporary facilities."
Grant-Long says choosing those cities is part of the IOC's goal "to figure out what is a sustainable path forward, and it's either a single site, a set of permanent sites, or really recalibrating the games around a much more modest idea."
Bitcoin Futures Surge In First Day Of Trading
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kin Cheung/AP Kin Cheung/AP
On their first day of trading, bitcoin futures surged past $18,000, adding to a streak for the digital currency that began the year at just $1,000 and has nearly tripled in value over the past month alone.
Reuters reports that bitcoin futures, traded through the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), saw January contracts, which opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, leap to a high of $17,170 during Asian hours.
Trading, which began at 6 p.m. ET (5 p.m. CT), was so intense that halts designed to cool volatility were triggered twice on the CBOE.
The halts are "not surprising based on the volatility of the underlying [asset]. The futures are behaving as expected and designed," Tom Lehrkinder, senior analyst at consulting firm Tabb Group, was quoted by CNBC as saying.
Coindesk writes: "In all, the tumultuous start is perhaps a fitting start to the trading of the new contracts. CBOE's is the first to be traded on a major regulated exchange in the U.S., and it's set to be followed next week by CME Group, which has announced that it will launch its own products on Dec. 18."
The surge in bitcoin futures, the first of which expire in January, adds to the frenzy for the digital currency that was introduced in 2009 and has seen its value skyrocket in recent months.
But it has also contributed to concern that bitcoin, which is not backed by any country's central bank, is a speculative bubble that could burst if investors get nervous and begin selling.
As NPR's Bill Chappell wrote last month:
"Bitcoin's rise has been both meteoric and volatile, with surges in valuation often being driven by positive reports about its status. Earlier this year, for instance, Japan recognized bitcoin as an official method of payment. "... Another factor has been the move to split the original bitcoin segment into two currencies: bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official in August, has allowed large trades in the currency to occur more frequently, while also promising to bolster its infrastructure."
"This is kind of the classic bubble psychology," Timothy Lee, a senior tech reporter with Ars Technica, tells NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday. "People hear about it and they say, 'Oh, maybe I should get in because this is an opportunity.' Then the cycle repeats. The price goes up some more, and so it gets more coverage."
The Associated Press writes "[the] rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down."
According to The Financial Times, in Japan, investors were buying bitcoin with a leverage up to 15 times their cash deposit. However, "Yuzo Kano, bitFlyer's chief executive, said in an interview with the Financial Times that the liquidity on his Tokyo-based exchange — which has an 80 per cent share of bitcoin trading in Japan and 20-30 per cent of the global market — was deep enough to handle even the biggest market movements."
CLOSE Want to submit your letter to the editor? Here is how. Wochit
Letters to the editor (Photo: Gannett)
Tip your restaurant servers well
I have some family members who are servers. They are very good at their job. When they come home and tell me about a $1 tip on a $30 check, it upsets me.
Servers who work at a sit-down restaurant make less than minimum wage. They make between $2 and $2.75 an hour. Their livelihood depends on tips. They do not get to keep all of their tips. They have to tip out the hostess, who makes minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, and also tip out the bartender, and if they have people who clean the tables, servers have to tip them as well.
Servers work very hard so that you may have a pleasant experience.
The next time you go out to eat, please leave at least 15 percent of the total bill before taxes. If you can't afford the 15 percent, then you probably should just go to a fast-food restaurant.
Sue MacDuff, Knoxville
University exists for education, not sports
A recent letter to the editor was from a gentleman who apparently thinks the University of Tennessee exists for sports. After all, "football used to be the driving force." Really? We should aspire to be like Georgia and Alabama? Sports are the real reason for attending UT?
At age 70, I can report that I have a degree from UT that has been very beneficial to me in my life's pursuits, and the only time I was ever in Neyland Stadium was when Billy Graham held his crusade there. Even that was clouded by the visit of Richard Nixon, who did not know the name of the place in which he was standing. I am proud of the education I got there and I do not think I am any the less for not having attended a football game.
Another letter, suggesting that fans' foolishness is on national display, hits the nail much more firmly on the head.
Randall S. Dyer, Jefferson City
Davenport right on campus outsourcing
I just read the article describing how the University of Tennessee board of trustees are appalled by Chancellor Beverly Davenport's decision not to outsource maintenance on the UT campus. Davenport's explanation is that there would not be as many savings as the board estimated after someone already decided to pick a company to do the work. I sarcastically can't imagine how the board could overestimate something that complicated. The members of board of trustees probably think they desperately need the funds they will gain to offset the other ignorant and baseless decisions they have made in the past and will probably make again. With this board of trustees' record, my money's on Davenport.
Go Vols and Lady Vols.
David Johnson, Cosby
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2BRg1zK
Ryan Reynolds has issued a statement in light of the tragedy surrounding Deadpool 2. Earlier today, it was announced that a stunt driver lost her life while attempting a stunt on the film's Vancouver set.
According to Deadline, the victim has since been identified as Joi "SJ" Harris, who was the first female, African-American professional road racer. Witnesses claim Harris was performing a motorcycle-stunt sequence when she lost control of the bike and crashed through a glass window. She was not wearing a helmet.
Deadpool star Reynolds expressed his condolences via Twitter. He wrote: "Tragically, we lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked, and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must have in this moment."
RELATED: Tom Cruise Injured in Mission, Impossible 6 Stunt
Reynolds' statement continued: "My heart pours out to them—along with each and every person she touched in this world."
GALLIA COUNTY — Gallia County bees are on the road again heading to California.
Frederick Burdell, a local bee and honey farmer, began shipping his bees to California in the winter time three years ago to help in almond pollination.
According to Burdell, California's 900,000 acres of almond trees account for 80 percent of all almonds produced in the world. 80 percent of those almonds are exported, making it an important industry.
“The farm gate price for almonds is four billion dollars a year,” said Burdell. “It takes about one and one half million beehives to pollinate, we send about 700 beehives.”
Burdell explained that almonds are 90 percent reliant on insect pollination, carrying pollen from one variety to another in order to produce a crop. The almond trees start blooming about Valentines Day and finish about the second week of March, according to Burdell.
The is mutually beneficial as California almond farmers get their trees pollinated and beekeepers across the country earn financial income as well as excellent food source for their bees. According to Burdell, the beehives are in California for about three to four weeks, earning about $200 for a good hive.
“That's what it costs to keep the hive alive for a year. Bees do great on almonds, the pollen is good and the nectar is slightly toxic, but they do well on it,” said Burdell.”The almond story to me, is exciting. It is what's keeping beekeeping alive in the United States today.”
Each year almost 27,000 truckloads of beehives will arrive on California farms for pollination. Each truck has to be inspected upon arrival for cleanliness and other species of insects, and some are turned away despite the high demand for beehives.
“It took us almost two months to go through all our hives and determine which ones were good for sale and get them ready and on pallets,” said Burdell. “It costs about $14,000 to ship them out and back each year.”
Normally the bees make the trip out, pollinate in California and possibly a few other places, and then return to Gallia County. This year, they will be sold out west, as Burdell is seeking to exit the beekeeping world. Burdell has been keeping bees in some form or fashion since the mid 1950's. He was a honey producer until 2000 when he transitioned into growing and selling bees when the nectar flows slowed significantly.
“Bee keeping is very highly specialized, I read two hundred pages of magazines a month trying to stay up on it,” said Burdell. “I'm 75 years old. Two thirds of my expenses go to labor.”
A semi-truck with 700 beehives left the Gallia County Fairgrounds Thursday afternoon headed west towards California. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_DSC_0565.jpg A semi-truck with 700 beehives left the Gallia County Fairgrounds Thursday afternoon headed west towards California. Morgan McKinniss|OVP
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
CLEARWATER, Florida— It's an Indian restaurant known for their massive buffet, but humans weren't the only ones visiting for a meal.
Health inspectors shut down Indian restaurant Deccan Spice on Ulmerton Road in the Feather Sound area of Pinellas. The restaurant was shut down May 24 with 36 violations.
Among the issues:
An employee preparing food without a hairnet
A gap at the bottom of the back door leading to outside
Food stored on the floor
And flies in the kitchen and around the bar
The inspector also discovered evidence of rodent activity, with nearly 100 fresh droppings on the same shelf with clean dishes, in the food storage area, and under the soda rack.
The restaurant was ordered to throw out a 40-pound bag of rice after the inspector reported discovered chew marks and a hole in the bag with more rodent droppings nearby.
On Wednesday, 10News stopped by the restaurant before lunch and asked a man on the management team if we could be allowed to inspect the kitchen.
“I can't … Right now the kitchen is busy,” said the employee who also refused to give his name. “I can't do it.”
The employee did say the issues discovered as part of last week's inspection were now taken care of.
“We did what we could according to the health inspector's instructions,” said the manager. Whatever we had to do, we did it. I have to get back to work.”
We shared the restaurant's list of violations with customers.
“Of course it's of concern. Does it need to be corrected? Of course it needs to be corrected,” said local attorney Rich Catalano, who eats at Deccan Spice with his family and friends. “If that place is open and it's been cleared, I assume it's one of the cleanest places in all of Pinellas County.”
And while Catalano decided to give the restaurant another try, other customers might be left in the dark because the restaurant refused to show a copy of their latest inspection as required by Florida law.
“I don't have it with me right now,” said the manager. “I have to get back to my work… so let me get back to my work.”
Last week emergency closures:
Emergency Restaurant Closures by 10News WTSP on Scribd
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
THE PERFORMER | Justina Machado
THE SHOW | One Day at a Time
THE EPISODE | “Not Yet” (Jan. 26, 2018)
THE PERFORMANCE | There are few things more devastating than losing a parent. Faced with the possibility of never getting to speak to Lydia again, Penelope ranted as her mother lay in a coma, refusing to let her die with anything left unsaid.
What followed was an exquisite showcase for Machado, who delivered an impassioned six-minute monologue that made us laugh and cry (and cry some more). It showed her range as both a comedian and a dramatic actress, and was delivered with an intensity that made the character's pain especially palpable.
It began with Penelope making light of Lydia's stroke (“I know you like to have the last word, but this is dramatic even for you!”) before all of her pent-up anger came rushing out. Suddenly, resented her mom for not being supportive of both her choice to enlist in the army at 18 and then later when she made the painful decision to divorce Victor. She then exclaimed, “I guess I didn't need your support then, and maybe I don't need it now,” before falling to her knees and pleading with Lydia to wake up and argue with her. The character wailed, and we just about lost it.
It was then Penelope realized why Lydia refused to condone her decision to go to war. All those years ago, her mother was faced with the very real possibility of losing her, and now the circumstances were reversed. And just like that, Penelope forgave her mother for everything, before climbing into her hospital bed to sing “Cielito Lindo,” the same song her abuela sang to Lydia on the day she left Cuba to come to America. It was a beautiful moment and the perfect coda to Machado's tour-de-force performance.
HONORABLE MENTION | As The Good Place‘s terribly selfish Eleanor Shellstrop, Kristen Bell has been pretty great at playing bad: say, the kind of person who would cyber-bully Ryan Lochte until he quit Instagram. But in this week's Season 2 finale, Bell showed she's pretty great at playing good, too, as Eleanor was sent back to earth to redeem herself for a shot at the Good Place. Bell brought a giddy, bright-eyed optimism to Eleanor's redemption tour. (It was nice to see her smile about something other than seeing someone trip and hurt themselves.) And as Eleanor absorbed Chidi's long lecture on ethics, a beautiful calm passed over Bell's face, signaling that this was the motivation to be good she'd been seeking. We have no idea where The Good Place is headed in Season 3… but really, any place that has Bell in it is a good one.
HONORABLE MENTION | The X-Files‘ Dana Katherine Scully has been carrying around a ton of guilt for nearly two decades, and Gillian Anderson expertly gave voice to all of it in Wednesday's episode of the Fox drama. Longtime viewers will remember Scully's anguish over giving up her son, William, for adoption when he was only a few months old. And when she and Mulder finally found the boy this week, only to believe he'd committed suicide before they could talk to him, Anderson pushed her stalwart alter ego to the breaking point. As she sat alongside the teen's corpse, Anderson filled every word of Scully's apology with deep regret, weeping as she tried to explain that she'd sent him to live with a new family to keep him safe. “I need you to know that I never forgot you,” she said, Anderson's voice hitching and her back bowing slightly, lending a weighty physicality to Scully's grief. It was a rare, raw, perfectly played moment for a character who, above all, always insists she's “fine.” If this season truly is Anderson's final hurrah in the series? Wow, what a way to go.
HONORABLE MENTION | FX's The Assassination of Gianni Versace has been highlighting the horrible toll that Andrew Cunanan's killing spree took on his victims' families, and that allowed Judith Light to deliver a powerhouse performance this week as Marilyn Miglin, the widow of Cunanan victim Lee Miglin. Light was stoic, almost cold, when Marilyn first learned of Lee's murder, as she fiercely fought to protect her late husband's legacy. But Light later revealed the sharp pain hidden beneath that tough façade, as Marilyn sobbed and professed her undying love for Lee before snarling: “There, is that better? Am I a real wife now?” It was stunning, complicated portrait of grief that puts a human face on Cunanan's crimes.
Which performance knocked your socks off this week? Tell us in Comments!
Could Biden Make A Presidential Run In 2020? Former Vice President Joe Biden has had a busy public schedule lately. It's fueling speculation about ambitions to run for the White House in 2020.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Redrow Homes is opening the doors of the show homes at its Frenchay Park development for the first time today.
The public can drop in to view the newly unveiled three and four-bedroom show homes every day from 10am to 5.30pm, with Redrow staff on hand to answer queries.
Located on the site of the former Frenchay Hospital, the housebuilder is currently constructing and selling the first phase of its Frenchay Park development, which consists of 89 properties.
The show homes are on Sinatra Way, a street named in memory of Frank Sinatra's now legendary visit to Frenchay Hospital in 1953 – an event that is still fondly remembered among many Bristolians.
“Frenchay Park is a beautiful development so we're really excited to welcome people into the show homes so they can get a feel for these new homes for themselves,” Charlotte Newnes, area sales manager for Redrow South West, explained.
Two-bedroom homes are currently available from £287,995, with three-bedroom homes from £369,995 and four-bedroom homes from £449,995.
Located six miles from Bristol city centre, the homes are just a couple of minutes' drive from the M32 and M4.
The development will be made up of Redrow Heritage homes which take their design inspiration from the arts and crafts movement of the 1920s and 30s, with comfortable spacious interiors suited to contemporary family life.
They will feature top-range appliances by respected brands such as AEG and Siemens. The properties will also be very energy efficient, offering a 35 percent improvement over homes built just 10 years ago, with the capacity to reduce fuel bills by more than £550 per year.
Redrow Homes has also released their plans for the surrounding land, which include tennis courts, a cricket pitch and even petanque and croquet greens.
The area will also boast a children's play area, allotments, a pond and a carefully managed woodland.
“We're committed to creating sustainable communities which bring benefits to local residents and Frenchay is a great example of this,” Charlotte continued.
“The Frenchay development is a wonderful place to live and will only get better as it nears completion.”
To find out more about the development, visit redrow.co.uk or call the team on 0117 3360904.
A plumber, whose van was broken into while he visited his mother in hospital, has vowed that thieves will not stop him from doing the job he loves and helping those who need it.
James Anderson was devastated to discover two boxes of tools, including drills, had been taken from the van outside his home in the Coal Clough area of Burnley.
James and Barbara's son, William, who died five years ago aged just 16 weeks.
He had just completed the 112 mile round trip to Liverpool to visit his mum in hospital.
James said: "Luckily my neighbour has CCTV so whoever did this was caught on camera and the matter is now in the hands of the police.
"I knew as soon as I went to my van it had been broken into as the door was slightly open."
What makes the theft of James' van particularly heartbreaking is the fact he carries out a lot of work for the elderly and vulnerable for free under a scheme he launched himself called DEPHER.
And despite the theft he turned out at 9pm to answer an SOS call from a woman with two disabled children who had a blocked drain in the back yard of her home.
James (50), whose company is called Northern Plumbing and Heating, said: "I went to the house and sorted the problem for the lady because that is what I do and what I will continue to do."
The day after the break-in was another heartbreaking time for James and his wife Barbara as it marked the fifth anniversary of the death of their baby son, William, who died when he was just 16 weeks old.
Born with a raft of medical problems, William was treated in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at Liverpool's Alder Hey Children's Hospital.
And while the couple took time out to celebrate their son's life James received an anonymous call from someone threatening to harm him.
James said: "A guy called saying that I was advertising on his website and he knew my name and where I lived and he was coming to beat me up.
"I have no idea what he was talking about or who he was and that matter has also been reported to the police."
James believes the culprit may be someone wanting to scupper his scheme as it aims to prevent unscrupulous tradesmen from taking advantage of the elderly, disabled and vulnerable by overcharging them.
He added: "It has been a particularly distressing and hard week for me and my family but we are carrying on with a smile as there are people depending on us.
"My mum is now home from hospital and we have to look forward to the future and not look back and dwell on the past.
"I will carry on helping people, the elderly, vulnerable and disabled because to see the smile on someone's face knowing that you have helped to make their home safe and warm is worth everything."
James has applied for funding and trustees to get on board with Depher, which stands for Disabled and Elderly Plumbing and Heating, and he wants to get as many tradesmen as possible on board across the UK.
At the moment he helps people across Lancashire.
He added: "The initiative can and will save lives and show the vulnerable there are people in the community who care about them and their safety.
"This will bring us together again as the caring and strong country that we are known to be worldwide."
Islamabad: Pakistan's leading woman cricketer, Sana Mir, has slammed beauty products that promote the objectification of females and indulges in body-shaming.
In a hard-hitting Facebook post, she told those girls who aspire to take up sports that they needed strong arms and not smooth arms on a sports field. Mir also said that she had rejected several offers to endorse beauty products.
Following is the full text of her post:
We - corporate sponsors and celebrities - always talk about our concern regarding the objectification of women in different professional settings. It infuriates us most of the time.
We see endless posts and statuses on social media expressing our anger. But when it's time to walk the talk, I have seen very few sponsors or celebrities actually take a stand to support women being comfortable in their own skin.
One of the ad campaigns that has finally pushed me to come forward with my concern is the latest campaign by a company promoting a hair removal cream.
I have come to know that it's a campaign for both Pakistan and India. It's magnifying a girl's concern about how she looks on a basketball court. The worst thing is that instead of sending a message to young girls that the colour or texture of their skin does not matter, we are promoting body-shaming and objectification.
Are the talent, passion and skill of a girl not enough for her to play sports?
There are female sports icons around the world who have made their way to the top because of their skill, talent and hard work, not because of the colour or texture of their skin.
Make no mistake, you need strong arms, not smooth arms, on a sports field.
During my 12 years as a sportswoman in Pakistan, I have rejected several offers to endorse beauty products just for this reason: I want young girls with a passion for sports to know that all they need for a practice session are the will to succeed, comfortable shoes and clothes, a water bottle and a cap if it's hot.
I request all sponsors and celebrities to ensure that when we engage young girls to fulfill their dreams, we show them a path that gives them actual confidence rather than disabling them by making them self-conscious.
Mir is a former captain of Pakistan's national women's cricket team and has taken more than 190 wickets with the best of 5/32 in international matches.
Mir has led Pakistan to two gold medals in Asian Games 2010 and 2014 and was the Player of the Tournament at the 2008 Women's Cricket World Cup qualifier.
In July 2017 she became the first women player to represent Pakistan in 100 ODIs.
Rampur: As the ongoing family feud in Uttar Pradesh's first family intensifies, Syed Ahmad Bukhari, the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, has urged the Muslims to come together to teach a lesson to the ruling Samajwadi Party led by Mulayam Singh Yadav, who is locked in a bitter power struggle with his son and Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav.
Muslim voters in Uttar Pradesh should stop thinking about Samajwadi Party and its leaders as the time has come for the community to consider another option, said Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid was quoted as saying by the Time of India.
Bukhari, who had openly supported the party and even shared the dais with Mulayam Singh Yadav during the 2012 assembly polls, accused the party of cheating the Muslims.
SP supported BJP in forming a government at the Centre. Only five MPs from Mulayam Singh Yadav's family were sent to the Lok Sabha back then, the Shahi Imam said.
The SP leaders have failed to address the issues related to the Muslim community, which they promised in their 2012 manifesto, Bukhari said.
"Muslims should teach the warring factions within SP a lesson in the upcoming Assembly polls for cheating them. The community should look for an option and not let the leaders take them for granted," he added.
Bukhari further alleged that the party did not fulfill its promise of providing 18% reservation to the community.
The Shahi Imam also claimed that a total of 113 communal incidents took place in UP in just one year of the SP regime and curfew had to be clamped at 13 places.
Besides, the Shahi Imam alleged, Muslims were not given adequate participation in administrative posts in the state.
How A High Schooler Helped Reunite Twins 74 Years After Their World War II Deaths
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
Sometimes a high school history project ends up making history. That's what happened when a 16-year-old Nebraska student decided to participate in the National History Day project in 2015.
Partly due to her research, the bodies of two American twin brothers, separated at death during World War II, were finally reunited.
On June 19, 2018 — 74 years to the day after they were killed off the coast of Normandy, France — Ludwig Julius Wilhelm "Louie" Pieper and Julius Heinrich Otto "Henry" Pieper were laid to rest side by side in the Normandy American Cemetery, high on a bluff overlooking Omaha Beach.
The twins were born in Esmond, South Dakota, and grew up in Creston, Neb. They enlisted in the Navy together and took part in the 1944 D-Day Normandy invasion as radiomen 2nd class on the same landing ship.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Lawrence via AP Susan Lawrence via AP
Nearly two weeks after D-Day, Landing Ship Tank 523 was crossing the Channel from England, trying to reach France's Utah Beach. It was loaded with men, vehicles, equipment and explosives. The ship hit an underwater German magnetic mine, exploded and sank within minutes, according to the American Battle Monuments Commission. The Pieper twins were 19 years old.
Rescuers found Louie's body after the explosion. But Henry's wasn't immediately found and identified. He became one of World War II's tens of thousands of missing in action. His name was inscribed on the Walls of the Missing at the American military cemetery in Normandy, where Louie was buried.
Henry's remains were eventually discovered, but remained unidentified. For decades, the body was labeled "Unknown X-9352" and was buried at another military cemetery in Belgium — until now.
Tim Nosal, who heads external affairs at the American Battle Monuments Commission in Virginia, says they are always looking for America's missing soldiers, but this time there was an incredible coincidence that helped them find one.
"We were looking at all the information we have on the unknowns in our cemeteries when, at the same time, a high school student in Nebraska was doing research," says Nosal. "And it's almost like a new piece of the puzzle came across the table."
It was 2015, and Vanessa Taylor was a student at Ainsworth High School in Ainsworth, Neb., and was looking for a topic for a class project.
"We were supposed to select a silent hero from our state," says Taylor, now a student at the University of Nebraska.
She began her research by looking at websites listing soldiers killed from her state.
"I just happened to notice there were two people killed who had the same exact last name," she says. "So I thought it was kind of interesting and wondered if there was a connection or if it was just a coincidence."
Taylor says she found out they were twin brothers who served in the same branch of the military. "And they were on the same ship when they died," she adds.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
Taylor's requests to the U.S. government for personnel files on the sailors caught the attention of officials at the Defense POW-MIA Accounting Agency, which tracks soldiers who have been prisoners of war or missing in action. They drew a possible link between the missing twin and the remains of six unidentified sailors found by French divers who were dismantling a sunken American ship off Omaha Beach in 1961. Those unidentified remains were buried at the Ardennes American Cemetery in Belgium.
"It was fresh [information] to them and it helped them put the pieces together to identify a sailor that was missing from this particular vessel," says Nosal.
The remains were positively identified as Henry's in November 2017, using DNA and dental records.
The twins had four other siblings. Their last living sister, MaryAnn Pieper Lawrence, died in May.
At the June ceremony in Normandy, her daughter Susan Lawrence said her mother got the news of the positive identification last Thanksgiving.
"For her, it was like the biggest burden lifted off her shoulders. She was just carrying it all this time," says Lawrence. "What happened to the brother — and to have him identified and know he was found, it was the biggest blessing for Thanksgiving we could have possibly had."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
The family asked the monuments commission if they could bury the twins side by side in the verdant, pine tree-lined cemetery above Omaha Beach.
Louie's body was moved to a space where it could be reburied next to Henry.
"The American Battle Monuments Commission went out of its way to make it happen," says Lawrence.
At the end of World War II, about 79,000 Americans were unaccounted for, according to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. Today, the agency's website says, more than 72,000 remain unaccounted for from the war.
Many bodies have been identified, says Nosal. But once they are, their families usually repatriate them to the United States.
He says this is the first missing soldier to be identified and buried in this Normandy cemetery of more than 9,300 graves.
"People will be talking about the Pieper twins and visiting their graves for as long as this cemetery exists," he says. "Five million visitors come through this cemetery each year. If you were to rebury your loved one in a private cemetery back home, he would never receive so many visitors. There's a strong message here for the world, of what these men sacrificed their lives for."
As the June ceremony got underway, taps was played as six midshipmen carried Henry's flag-draped coffin between the rows of white marble crosses and Stars of David. The twins' family members sat in a row of chairs on the green lawn. Six nieces and nephews of the twins traveled from the U.S. to witness the burial of uncles they never met.
One of the nephews, Louis Henry Pieper, is named after both twins. His father died before learning of the discovery of the missing sibling's remains.
"He knew that one of his brothers was buried in Normandy and the other one was unknown," said Pieper. "It was always a wound in his heart not knowing where his brother was, so he never talked about it."
As eldest niece and next of kin, Linda Pieper Suitor, was presented with the flag from Henry's coffin after the ceremony. She said this event has changed her life.
"I think I've found a new purpose for my life," Suitor said. "I'm going home and I'm going to visit high schools and share this story and make sure students know about this history project. I'm going to tell them what it's meant to me and my family."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
A newspaper clipping from the summer of 1944 in student Vanessa Taylor's online project says 300 people turned out for a memorial ceremony for the twins in their little Nebraska town. Henry and Louie were the first sons of Creston to die in the war, according to the old newspaper article.
The twins were first-generation Americans. Both their parents had emigrated from Germany. Niece Susan Lawrence says the family was proud to be American and knew Hitler had to be stopped.
Initially, Henry and Louie were separated in the Navy. But their father wrote a letter asking that they be able to serve together.
And Lawrence recalls that the twins wrote to their parents just before they died.
"Do not worry about us," she remembers it saying. "We are together."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Hopkins has been branded "sick" after jokingly hinting she was behind Keith Chegwin's death.
The beloved TV presenter died yesterday at the age of 60 following a long battle with the lung condition idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis - the same disease Katie Price's mum Amy suffers with.
Tributes to Cheggers have been pouring in from his devastated fans, friends and colleagues - but Hopkins decided to take a different approach.
Tweeting out a snap of Keith in the Celebrity Big Brother house next to one of the late Peaches Geldof, the rent-a-gob wrote: "I'm not saying there's a pattern here. But I was the last one to film with both of them. Be warned."
But her followers were quick to blast her for her insensitivity, with one telling her: "This is a pretty sick post..."
A second said: "A new low even for you."
Another wrote: "Come on you have crossed the line apologise and move on. Enough people have warned you."
And others branded her attention-seeking and said she was jumping on Cheggers' death to make it about herself.
(Image: Channel 5)
But Katie remained, as ever, unrepentant, keeping the tweet up and immediately moving on to other tasteful subjects like immigration and denigrating victims of sexual abuse.
She and Cheggers appeared in CBB together in January 2015, where they clashed over Cami Li's eviction.
Katie accused Keith of lecturing the housemates about "morality" and he claimed she was just stirring up trouble to promote herself.
Katie also had frequent run-ins with Peaches before her death from an apparent heroin overdose in 2014.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The two had appeared opposite each other on This Morning to discuss their different parenting techniques, with Peaches soon declared the winner of the debate after besting Hopkins.
But Katie refused to let their spat lie, and even wrote poisonous tweets about Peaches' death referring to the way she was found with her young son Phaedra playing in the same room as his mum's lifeless body.
"Peaches' fatal syringe was in a box by the bed - along with some sweets. She was taking care of her baby son after all," Katie tweeted during the inquest.
"Let's turn the tables. It was me that took an overdose whilst caring for my 11 month old. Would I be a fallen angel too?"
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
2:29 Clemson QB Deshaun Watson previews matchup with Ohio State
1:43 Dabo Swinney: 'The things being said about Deshaun are a joke'
4:27 Clemson DC Brent Venables breaks down Ohio State's offense
7:47 Clemson begins preparations for Ohio State, Fiesta Bowl
1:42 Pendleton native Michael Hill explains why he chose Ohio State over Clemson
2:21 Deshaun Watson on USC-Clemson: 'It's like daddy beating his son'
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A jealous Clintons shop assistant who donned a blonde wig and black leather gloves before stabbing her ex-lover to death has been jailed.
Hasna Begum, 25, started stalking part-time DJ Pietro Sanna, 23, on social media after they broke up last December.
When Begum found out a woman was following Mr Sanna on Instagram she called her an 'ugly b****' and started sending her threatening messages through the social media site.
Begum made her way to Mr Sanna's home in Canning Town, east London on June 23 this year, and knifed him 36 times.
She made off with his mobile phone and 'rubbed out' his social media profiles in the days after the killing.
The shop worker said that she was 'accessorising' when she put on a blonde wig and gloves before making her way to Mr Sanna's house.
(Image: central news)
Begum claimed she was defending herself after Mr Sanna kicked her in the chest, then grabbed a knife which he held towards her.
But a jury at Inner London Crown Court took two hours to convict Begum, of Byng Street, Millwall, Isle of Dogs, of murder today.
She was sentenced to life imprisonment, serving at least 20 years before she can be considered for parole.
Judge Jeremy Donne, QC, told her: "On 23 June this year you took a taxi to the address of your former boyfriend Pietro Sanna, you were dressed in a way that would make it difficult for you to be accurately described to the police as being who you really are.
"You were seen by a witness to be angry, you had certainly behaved in an angry way in the days leading up to the 21st June, as evidenced by your threatening messages to Giulia Consonni, who had done little more than follow your former boyfriend on Instagram.
"The threats you wrote to her speak for themselves, what was particularly concerning was the way in which you established an Instagram account with Giulia Consonni's name with a photo of her and her family on it that must have been particularly disturbing for her.
(Image: CENTRAL NEWS)
"After the attack you remained in his room and while he was dying or when he was dead, you helped yourself to some of his clothing and left the address, taking with you the knife or knifes and Pietro Sanna's telephone.
"Why you did this is not entirely clear but the indication is that you had an unhealthy obsession with Pietro Sanna.
"What you did was a terribly wicked thing, it has had the damaging effect of depriving a family a son, it has also had the damaging effect of depriving your family from you.
"All murders are completely senseless, this is both tragic and senseless."
The pair had met in Canary Wharf where Begum worked at Clinton Cards and Mr Sanna worked at sandwich chain Birley's.
Begum came from a traditionalist Muslim background and said her Bangladeshi parents would not consent to her drinking and having boyfriends, so they would meet secretly at his home during the year-long relationship.
Giving evidence she said wearing a wig was 'normal for her and she wore the gloves 'to accessorise' her outfit.
(Image: Google)
She said she believed he was cheating on her as she received texts 'not meant for her' and noticed a full packet of condoms had emptied during her visits to his home.
Begum was seen climbing out of her kitchen window shortly after 6am on June 23 wearing a blonde wig and black leather gloves.
CCTV cameras caught her jumping into a taxi and making her way to Mr Sanna's home in Ravenscroft Grove and was seen by a neighbour banging loudly on his front door.
Just over an hour later, neighbours reported hearing a male voice shouting 'I'm dying, I'm dying' before his lifeless body was finally discovered three days later.
Begum fled the scene with his mobile phone, calling a taxi from the car park outside to get treatment for a cut on her finger.
She then returned home to wash her blood-soaked clothes.
Begum had Mr Sanna's phone in her possession after the killing but called it on June 24, 25 and 26.
When quizzed by police following her arrest on June 28, she said she had not seen or spoken to Mr Sanna in months.
Prosecutor Duncan Penny QC said Mr Sanna's mobile was found inside the pocket of a grey hoodie found in Begum's wardrobe alongside some hair extensions.
Police also discovered that Begum had used the phone to change Mr Sanna's Instagram username - from Pieztek to Sarah654ty - and profile picture.
Mr Penny said this was an attempt to 'scrub out' the 23-year-old digitally, as well as physically, after the stabbing.
A black lady left-hand leather glove was recovered from a bin on the first-floor bathroom in her home bearing damage to the undersides of the fingers.
An expert was able to determine that a 3cm slash which penetrated the fabric lining matched the location of Begum's cut.
Begum claimed Mr Sanna had bombarded her with prank calls after they broke up and invited her to his house that morning to 'talk about the relationship.
She insisted he threatened her with a kitchen knife when she grabbed his phone to look for evidence he was unfaithful.
Disabling the mic
There is usually a physical button available on smart speakers which can be used to disable the microphone that they come equipped with. This button can be used to deactivate the microphone when you need to have private conversations which might have sensitive information. You can turn it back on when you're done with your conversation. Keeping the mic off throughout makes no sense as you will be limiting yourself and not taking advantage of a great many features that are available to you.
Limiting access to the mic
As we have established before, turning off your microphone completely is not a great plan as you won't have access to a lot of features and will be using your device as just a speaker by doing so. What you can do and should is gone to settings and see which apps have access to the microphone. You do not need to provide microphone access to anything but the essential apps like video calls or video conferencing.
Switch off the camera
Even if it happens to be a home security camera, keeping a roll of tape or some bandages handy is a great idea. You can also turn the camera towards a wall when you are inside your home in order to prevent the thing from recording you when it doesn't really need to. You can turn it back to its original position before you leave.
The Faraday Bag!
A Faraday bag is a device that blocks all signals and keeps any electromagnetic waves from flowing into the bag or away from it. The really efficient ones will not allow any sensitive information to seep through. This includes your location. The other thing to keep in mind is that you will not be able to receive phone calls while your device is in the bag either.
Read
Major tech companies have made an effort over the years to make sure their devices can be used right out of the box without the users having to rely on long manuals or operating instructions. You can rely on the information from various instructional videos, how-to guides, and even reviews to keep track of ways with which you can protect yourself or learn about new threats that might be out there.
Well, what do you know? Thanks to cloudy skies and minimal winds, it actually felt a bit like Fall on Friday! Highs were still above average, but at least closer to where they should be in early October. Now, as we head into the weekend, that all goes right back out the window.
Overnight
Clouds are in it for the long haul at this point, set to carry us through the overnight and into much of Saturday. Scattered showers will begin to creep back into the picture over the course of Friday evening, gradually becoming more numerous and picking up in intensity. The presently-stalled frontal boundary responsible for the returning showers will begin to inch its way northward overnight, lifting out of the Ohio Valley in response to an approaching area of low pressure.
Temperatures that fell to the low 60s Friday evening will begin to rise overnight. Humidity levels will also increase as the front approaches, and will likely result in some scattered fog as it interacts with the lingering cooler air. Be prepared for slick roads and poor visibility if you plan to hit the roads!
>> Track the rain with our Interactive Radar! <<
Saturday
We can forget all about Fall during the first half of the weekend. With the warm front picking up speed as it heads north, a flood of warm, humid air will spill back in across Michigan. Scattered showers will remain possible until about midday thanks to the passing warm front, with a break set to follow in the afternoon.
Skies will remain mostly cloudy after lunchtime, but may allow some scattered breaks of sunshine to filter through from time to time. Temperatures will flip right back to Summer, topping the upper 70s and even the low 80s in some areas! We'll also see a marked increase in the winds, shifting to the SSW at 15-25 mph with gusts topping 30 mph at times.
>> Current Temperatures and Winds Across Mid-Michigan <<
The bonus warmth will bring along some additional benefits, but not without risk. This won't be the best news for tomorrow night's in-state showdown in Ann Arbor, but a more substantial round of steady rain and thunderstorms will begin to spread across the state around 8:00 PM or so, and will continue well into the overnight period.
The rain will be occasionally heavy, likely accompanied by a few rumbles of thunder too. In fact, there is the chance for isolated severe storms across most southeast Michigan through the night as a fast-moving cold front sweeps in from the west. Small hail and damaging winds may occur in some of the stronger storms.
Rainfall amounts by Sunday morning may range anywhere from 0.50-1.25", helping us make up some ground on the drought in parts of Mid-Michigan.
Sunday & Beyond
Saturday night's cold front may take the rain with it when it departs Sunday morning, but it won't do much to change our temperatures. The second half of the weekend will greet us with abundant sunshine, as unseasonably warm air remains in place. Highs in the upper 70s are expected, but we'll at least take a big bite out of the humidity, so it will feel markedly more comfortable!
Any chance that we'll see true Fall temperatures in the next week? Find out in the First Warn 5 7-Day Forecast!
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
President Trump on Sunday slammed "the Fake News Media," which he called "out of control," after a string of major errors in reporting on his presidency emerged over the past week."Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media," he tweeted. "They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them."The president continued, "Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!"Trump's comments came after misleading photo about the crowd size at Friday's rally in Pensacola, Fla., during which Trump took aim at ABC News' Brian Ross and CNN.In a now-deleted tweet, the Post's Dave Weigel posted a photo of a half-empty arena to mock Trump for saying the rally was "packed to the rafters."But that photo was not taken while Trump was speaking. Trump tweeted photos showing the arena when it was full.".@daveweigel @washingtonpost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in," he tweeted. "Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!"Weigel tweeted, "Sure thing: I apologize," saying he deleted the photo after another reporter informed him he had "gotten it wrong.""It was a bad tweet on my personal account, not a story for Washington Post. I deleted it after like 20 minutes. Very fair to call me out," Weigel said in another tweet.Trump later called for Weigel to be fired.Earlier at the Friday rally itself, Trump slammed ABC News' Brian Ross."They took this fraudster from ABC -- they suspended him for a month," he said. "They should have fired him for what he wrote."after he reported that former national security adviser Michael Flynn had been directed by Trump -- when he was a candidate for president -- to make contact with the Russians. ABC News later corrected the report to note that the order to Flynn came when Trump was already president-elect.Trump also said Friday that CNN had apologized "just a little while ago" for a reporting error."They apologized! Oh thank you, CNN. Thank you so much. You should have been apologizing for the last two years," he said.hat suggested the Trump campaign, including Donald Trump Jr., had been tipped off early about hacked DNC emails from WikiLeaks when it later emerged that the alert was about material already publicly available.CNN responded, "CNN's initial reporting of the date on an email sent to members of the Trump campaign about Wikileaks documents, which was confirmed by two sources to CNN, was incorrect. We have updated our story to include the correct date, and present the proper context for the timing of email."No disciplinary action will be taken in the matter, a CNN official said in a tweet.On Saturday, Trump accused CNN of "a vicious and purposeful mistake."
A Sayre man was arrested over the weekend, accused of plotting to detonate a car bomb at a downtown Oklahoma City bank.
Authorities arrested 23-year-old Jerry Drake Varnell, Saturday morning, in connection to a plot to bomb the BancFirst branch located in the 100 block of N. Broadway Ave.
Varnell was taken into custody around 1 a.m. after he tried to detonate a van, that he thought was rigged with explosives, in the alley next to the bank.
According to a release issued by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. with a similar device used in the 1995 OKC bombing, because investigators say he was upset with the government.
When investigators learned of Varnell's plot, an undercover agent reached out to him and posed as a person who could assist with the plan, the release stated. Authorities say Varnell talked about the BancFirst building being his target and prepared a social media statement to be posted after the “explosion”.
Varnell helped the undercover agent assemble the “device” and loaded it onto a van that he believed was stolen, before driving it from El Reno to the alley beside BancFirst. Authorities say Varnell then dialed a cell phone number that he thought would trigger the explosion.
If convicted, authorities say Varnell could face a maximum of 20 years in prison and no less than five years. An initial court appearance has been scheduled for 3 p.m. Monday afternoon.
BancFirst issued the following statement regarding this incident:
BancFirst has been working cooperatively with the FBI. At no time were employees, customers or the general public ever in any danger. We believe our BancFirst downtown Oklahoma City building was a random and convenient selection by the suspect. There is no further threat or reason for concern. We take comfort and our company embraces a deep appreciation and admiration for the men and women of the FBI for their diligent and dedicated work in protecting our nation.
Sen. James Lankford also issued a statement on the foiled bombing plot:
I applaud the work of the FBI and local law enforcement for investigating and apprehending a man who sought to commit a terrorist act in Oklahoma City. Our intelligence community and law enforcement work every day to protect our neighborhoods from attacks and terror, and they often do it without the public ever knowing. It is chilling to think that a sympathizer of Timothy McVeigh would want to act on hate, as a tribute to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before September 11. We're thankful for the concerned citizens that stepped forward to alert authorities about this man. This is another somber reminder that, as a nation, we must remain vigilant about home-grown extremism and radicalization in our communities.
This is a developing story.
Keep checking with News 9 and news9.com for more information.
Customize Your Content
Take control of what content you see. From inspiration on starting a business to learning more about how to find solutions - make our site yours and never miss a beat.
Gold is sensitive to rising US interest rates, as these increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion and boost the dollar, in which it is priced. Photo: Reuters
Bengalruru: Gold was slightly higher on Tuesday, just up from its lowest in nearly five months in the previous session, and ahead of the start of a two-day US Federal Reserve meeting.
Spot gold rose 0.2% to $1,244.30 an ounce by 9.20am, after hitting its lowest since July 20 at $1240.10 on Monday. US gold futures fell 0.1% to $1,246 an ounce.
“The overnight drop I suspect is continued long liquidation as evidenced in the weekends Commitment of Traders Report” said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst with OANDA.
CFTC data from Friday showed speculators sharply cut their net long positions in gold to the lowest since early August due to recent price weakness.
“I would expect gold to remain offered on any rally and ... to retest its overnight lows around $1,240,” Halley said, adding that a hawkish statement on US interest rates from the Federal Open Market Committee could see gold under further pressure.
The dollar was steady near a recent two-week high versus a basket of major currencies, as traders awaited results from the US Fed's policy meeting for a fresh catalyst.
At the meeting, which concludes on Wednesday, the US central bank is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates for the third time this year and comment on the pace of further rate hikes.
“We expect a steady grind lower in gold, at least through Wednesday,” said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir. “Depending on how hawkish the wording is, gold could drift lower still, as charts do not show any meaningful support at least until $1,205-$1,210,” Meir said.
Gold is sensitive to rising US interest rates, as these increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion and boost the dollar, in which it is priced.
“Gold is likely to recover quickly from its recent lows if the December meeting outcome proves to be a dovish hike,” Standard Chartered said in a note.
Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao said spot gold may bounce moderately to a resistance at $1,250 per ounce, as it has stabilized around a support at $1,239.
Among other precious metals, silver was nearly unchanged at $15.72 an ounce.
Platinum was down nearly 0.1% at $884.20 an ounce, having hit its lowest since February 2016 last week. Palladium was 0.3% higher at $1,012.97 an ounce. The platinum discount to palladium widened to around $120 last week, the steepest since April 2001. Reuters
Scroll for more content...
Getting trapped people out of a flooded cave can be one of the easiest -- or one of the most challenging -- types of cave rescue. It is one that an international team is facing with the discovery of a group of 12 boys and their soccer coach -- missing for nine days -- alive, and basically well, in a cave in Thailand. They had gone into the cave after soccer practice and rising flood waters prevented them from leaving.
How to get them out?
I've been an active caver and cave rescuer for more than 30 years, having studied both extensively. I chair the board of regional coordinators (there are 10 regions in the United States) of the National Cave Rescue Commission, which has been developing and teaching cave rescue techniques since 1978.
This rescue in Thailand is one of the toughest I've seen.
But there are some essential guideposts in even a rescue of this colossal difficulty.
To begin, the basic tenet of cave flooding rescue is this: WAIT. Either the people are alive and safe somewhere inside, in which case taking risks only serves to place rescuers in danger, or they have already perished, in which case there is zero reason to place rescuers in danger.
A few things to understand about caves: Most are formed by water, and are dissolved out of (usually) limestone rock over millennia. There are a few exceptions, such as ice and lava tube caves, but even in these, water can run through them.
Not all caves continue to flood, but some still serve as natural "storm drains." In most caves in the United States, and many places around the world, a cave that has some water in it can flood further. This is usually in response to rain, and the water will drain fairly quickly. Only a few caving areas, such as in southeast Asia area, have continuous, monsoon-style rains that can cause a cave to remain flooded for several months.
Among organized cavers, caves that can easily flood, or stay flooded for long periods of time, are avoided if rain is a possibility. Often the general public is not allowed in such caves, but as with this cave, there are exceptions.
Usually when rain traps people in a cave, once the rain event subsides, a few hours to a few days later, the water lowers and rescuers can go in, or the trapped people come out on their own.
Meanwhile, on the surface, there are a few things that can be done to determine whether there is anyone trapped inside and how they might be faring.
Rescuers can monitor the water for depth and temperature, for debris, or for evidence of the trapped people. And the same with weather, which is predictable now to a high degree of accuracy. Efforts can be made to lower water levels through diversion or removing obstructions, or by pumping. Responders can search for other entrances, or can attempt to make new ones. In a few situations, cave divers may be used to make contact or ferry supplies. Mostly, though, it's a waiting game.
And this is very hard for rescuers who are used to doing, not waiting. There can be enormous pressure from family, from officials, and from the media to take action. This pressure can cause rescuers to take ill-considered risks. In most flooding situations, though, the water subsides soon and the question is answered: are they alive or are they not?
In the Thailand case, though, the waiting may well not be enough. The soccer team was found alive 1.2 miles into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave, and the water may not go down for months. Nine days had passed before the first contact was made, something that is highly unusual in cave flooding situations. Also unusual is the cave temperature, in the mid-70s -- higher than most caves in the world, as caves tend to be the average temperature of the area they are in.
In much of the United States and Europe, cave temperatures are between the mid 30s and mid 60s. This means hypothermia: something that would likely have killed people who were unprepared and who were trapped for that length of time. From that standpoint, the trapped Thais are very fortunate.
What is not fortunate is nine days with no food. In a twist of irony, the soccer players and their coach have plenty of water, though if the water had made them sick before Navy Seal rescuers (including a doctor and a nurse) reached them, as they now have, it could have hastened their deaths.
With water, humans can survive for 3-4 weeks without food. After nine days, though, they are weak. Their gastrointestinal system begins to shut down. Their metabolic processes have changed. A full meal right now could kill them. Rescuers are reportedly reintroducing food gradually and carefully. It could take weeks to rebuild the boys' strength; right now they can barely stand, let alone do the rigorous activity likely required to get out.
As to that, there are three primary options.
The most dangerous is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters. It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time. A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting him in danger.
Drill an entrance? This requires heavy equipment that has to be brought to the site where a full-sized road has been made, and requires highly detailed mapping or specialized radiolocation from inside the cave. Even then, it's like hitting that needle in the haystack. Find a new entrance to the cave? They have been looking for 10 days now, and the odds go down with each passing day.
Wait for the water to go down? It's monsoon season. Even with pumping, it could be weeks -- even if the weather cooperates. Longer if it does not.
Finding this group at all certainly gives hope. And if where they are in the cave is safe from further flooding and the divers can supply them with food and care, they can live in the cave as long as necessary. If they cannot be safe from further flooding, then the only option may be the first and riskiest: diving them out.
Meanwhile, the world watches and judges. The rescuers are in a tough spot. Unless all people are safely out eventually, the rescuers will be blamed by the "you should have" and by the self-doubt of "what if we'd only..."
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - An Oklahoma appeals court has removed language that was critical of the state attorney general's office in an Open Records Act case involving communications between then-Attorney General Scott Pruitt and major energy companies as well as the Republican Attorney General's Association.
The Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals ruled Monday the trial judge's characterization of the office as an "abject failure" in complying with the law was "surplus and unnecessary."
The wording is in a 2017 ruling that ordered the attorney general's office to provide the Wisconsin-based Center for Media and Democracy with records it had requested in 2015 involving Pruitt, who now heads the Environmental Protection Agency.
The court upheld the remainder of the order that the attorney general's office must provide the records, which it did in February 2017.
___
This story has been corrected to indicate Oklahoma's Court of Civil Appeals issued the ruling, not the Oklahoma Supreme Court.
Evan Guthrie Law Firm Best law firm I have ever used. Very professional and knowledgeable. Highly recommend. G. Cook
Magnolias Went for lunch and LOVED the crab cake entree! Just a great balance between the… lw83
Teachers Memorial Walk This will probably be great...but where is it starting? How do you sign up? Sandra
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman are set to continue their annual Christmas tradition of spending the holidays Down Under.
Related: Keith Urban Ballad is the Most Played Song at Waffle House
“We go back to Australia,” Kidman told Us Weekly. “My mother and my husband's mother both live in Australia so we go back home. My sister, and [I], we have a big summer Christmas, which I know sounds bizarre to Americans. We want to be on the beach for Christmas, no snow. We love the ocean and shrimp!”
Not exactly turkey, stuffing and snowball fights, but that sounds like a Christmas it would be easy to get used to celebrating.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool faces a fight to sign highly-rated midfielder Christian Pulisic.
The 19-year-old Borussia Dortmund star is wanted by a host of European clubs and is expected to move on this summer.
Liverpool is hopeful of securing a deal but will face competition from Bayern Munich and Manchester United, according to Mundo Deportivo.
The American is contracted until 2020 and the German giants are desperate to keep the player at the club.
Having lost Ousmane Dembele last summer, and with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang joining Arsenal, they are aware that he is now their biggest asset.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
7 things we spotted from Liverpool training
Revenge is a dish best served cold - and it looks very chilly on a Friday evening in Liverpool.
Luckily Liverpool is in the mood to make amends this season. After being trounced 5-0 by Manchester City in September they repaid the favour by ending Pep Guardiola's unbeaten run with a 4-3 reverse back at Anfield.
And now for the next opportunity to right a wrong.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
After being trounced 4-1 by Spurs at Wembley - a game Dejan Lovren would like to forget - they now have a chance to make things better against the North Londonders at Anfield on Sunday afternoon.
While some Premier League training grounds were a hive of activity on transfer deadline day , at Liverpool it was very much business as usual.
With no new arrivals it's left to the current squad to make amends.
And from the looks of these training pictures, they're hungry to do just that.
Which leads us to our first point... click here for the 7 observations
Liverpool title "dream" over but top 4 finish WOULD be success
Jurgen Klopp claims a top four finish this season would be a success.
Even before his countryman Didi Hamann became the latest Anfield old boy suggesting he needs a trophy to avoid the sack, the German was aware of the brutal demands a Liverpool boss faces.
Yet Klopp is also a pragmatist who knows that, despite their history, his club has no divine right to success any more... and is now placed firmly behind the bigger-spending aristocrats of Manchester's United and City, Chelsea and Arsenal in the pecking order of English football.
That is why he talks of winning the title being the dream he starts with every season, when finishing ahead of at least two clubs who spend more than Liverpool on wages is a more realistic marker of success in football's nuclear arms race.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty)
Liverpool name Nathaniel Clyne in their squad for Champions League knockout stages
A home win over rivals Tottenham on Sunday, in a game he cheerfully admits is a “six-pointer” would take them a step closer to that goal this season, and he said: “Top four, for sure, is a success.
“When you start a season, you can dream of something and you have to make a realistic target as well. I think being champion is probably the dream — not only at Liverpool, but especially at Liverpool.
“Because of the season City is playing, that is quite difficult. Then I would prefer to be second if you cannot be first. But if you are second, third or fourth at the end of the season, when you look back all three positions are good — and similarly difficult to reach.
“Arsenal are not out of it. Tottenham is behind all of us at the moment, but only a couple of points. So it is tough to be top four.”
Busia governor Sospeter Ojamoong and three other county officials will remain in custody until friday pending a ruling by the anti -corruption court on their bail application.
The four are facing 7 counts of allegedly defrauding the county government of 8 million shillings, failing to effectively manage public funds and fraudulent acquisition of public property among others.
Jennifer Pharr Davis, National Geographic Adventurer of the Year and acclaimed author, was the special guest speaker at Palmer Trinity School on Wednesday, Jan. 25.
In 2011, Pharr Davis set the unofficial record for the fastest through-hike of the Appalachian Trail with a time of 46 days, 11 hours and 20 minutes, an average of 47 miles (76 km) a day, a record she held for four years.
Pharr Davis, who has covered 12,000 miles of long-distance trails on six different continents, shared her trail adventures and passion for wilderness conservation with parents, students and staff during the special presentation.
“It was an honor having Jennifer Pharr Davis as our guest. Both parents and students were inspired by her exhilarating hiking stories and remarkable efforts in making the wilderness accessible and enjoyable for all ages, genders and ability levels,” stated Patrick Roberts, head of school.
Pharr Davis is founder and owner of the Blue Ridge Hiking Company, a guided hiking service. She has written five books, three guidebooks on North Carolina and two hiking memoirs, Becoming Odyssa and Called Again. She also has written articles and has been featured in The New York Times, The Washington Post, Outside Magazine, Backpacker and Trail Runner.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - St. Louis is one of 37 U.S. cities where Amazon deliveries can now be made directly into the trunks of certain vehicles. The service was announced Tuesday and the idea is to minimize porch thefts.
The vehicles must be 2015 or newer GM or Volvo models with OnStar or On Call service. Couriers use a phone app to unlock the trunk and deliver the package. The next delivery can't be made until the courier locks the trunk.
“I think it's a great idea,” said one St. Louis Amazon customer. “I get Amazon all the time, so it would be nice to have that extra level of protection.”
Another customer told us she had concerns crooks witnessing a trunk delivery would then try to break into the vehicle. One employee of an independent bookstore hopes the service doesn't hurt his store's business
“How complacent is the average consumer getting to where you can't even get to your door to get a package,” he said. “Get out and shop local.”
The service does not work on vehicles parked in underground garages because satellite signals can't penetrate those areas.
Study Reveals Two Reasons Why Millennials Cheat On Each Other
Trending News: The Two (Completely Opposite) Reasons Why Millennials Cheat
Long Story Short
A new study has found the two reasons millennials cheat on their partners. Are you guilty?
Long Story
Millennials have it tough. Increasing living costs, stagnant wages and relative job instability (compared to their forebears) mean those in their 20s are being forced to grow up more slowly. And that means changes in attitudes towards dating — particularly the casualisation of dating culture. After all, why rush to settle down when you essentially can't afford to?
This phenomenon is creating a whole side industry of studies dedicated to looking at millennial culture and dating. And the latest is a doozy. A team from the University of Tennessee published a paper last month in the Journal of Sex Research that has drilled down on the reasons why millennials cheat on their partners.
And they found two. Or two main reasons, at least: either a) you feel your partner isn't satisfying your needs, or b) you feel the need for more independence. The study surveyed 104 young adults with an average age of 22 (59.6% of whom were female) who admitted to cheating on their partner in the past six months.
The most cited reasons for cheating related to issue interdependence. That is, people looking for more from a relationship than they were getting out of it. Basically, this comes down to, don't neglect your partner or they'll look for affection — and the confidence and gratification it brings — some place else. While this might seem like a callow reason for doing the dirty on someone, again we're talking about callow times. People are experimenting more, later.
The second main reason for cheating had to do with the complete opposite — independence. Basically, people trying to get away from what they feel is a suffocating relationship.
Together, the various reasons related to interdependence and independence backgrounded 60% of cases of infidelity. The remaining 40 percent was split up into a heap of other issues including the opportunity to become intimate with someone else while boozed, a basic jump-your-bones attraction to someone else, and the excitement and novelty of having sex with someone new.
Really, there's nothing shocking about these results. Everyone feels unloved at some point in their lives, and suffocated at another. It's just that the social conditions facing millennials mean they're likely to settle down at an older age and be exposed to more opportunities for infidelity until they do so.
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
Millennials are also more prone to anxiety. Does this have anything to do with the different reasons for cheating?
Drop This Fact
22% of men and 14% of women admitted to having sexual relations outside their marriage sometime in their past.
Pence Tells North Korea: 'The Era Of Strategic Patience Is Over'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lee Jin-man/AP Lee Jin-man/AP
Vice President Pence said on a visit to South Korea on Monday that the U.S. "era of strategic patience is over" regarding North Korea and its nuclear and ballistic missile program.
"Since 1992, the United States and our allies have stood together for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula," Pence said at a joint news conference with acting South Korean President Hwang Kyo-Ahn in Seoul. "We hope to achieve this objective through peaceable means. But all options are on the table."
Pence, whose father is a Korean War veteran, earlier visited the Demilitarized Zone between the Koreas, where he could see North Korean soldiers across the divide.
Amid rising tensions with North Korea, Pence pointed to recent high-profile U.S. military actions in Syria and Afghanistan as evidence of the Trump administration's "strength and resolve."
"North Korea would do well not to test his resolve — or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region," the vice president warned.
Pence vowed "unwavering support" for South Korea, adding, "We are with you 100 percent."
Just ahead of Pence's arrival in Seoul, North Korea attempted and failed to launch an unidentified missile in its latest weapons test, further raising international concerns. The day before, it "brandished what appeared to be long-range and submarine-based missiles as part of a military parade, celebrating the 105th birthday of its late founder, Kim Il Sung," as we reported.
The U.S. moved a Navy strike group toward the Korean Peninsula earlier this month, which elicited threats from Pyongyang of "tough counteraction" should the U.S. attack, as The Two-Way reported.
So why the recent escalation of tensions with North Korea? Joel Wit, senior fellow at the U.S.-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, explains on Morning Edition:
"First, the threat has been growing for a while but it's reaching a point where it's a direct threat to the United States. And by that I mean, if they can put a warhead on top of a missile that can reach the United States, that's obviously a direct threat. "Secondly, President Trump has a very different approach to North Korea than President Obama, who practiced what was called 'strategic patience.' Essentially trying to put pressure on North Korea and hoping it would come back to the negotiating table. But President Trump is really ratcheting up the pressure while still keeping open the possibility of negotiations."
Wit, who has recently met with North Korean officials, adds: "I think we should not underestimate North Korea's resolve to resist pressure from the United States."
Trump has stated that he wants to see China take a larger role in pressuring the North Korean regime. Monday afternoon, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang called for the resumption of "multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009," according to The Associated Press.
Pence's comments at the news conference elicited concern from Russia's foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov. As the news service reports, "Lavrov told journalists in Moscow that if Pence's words can be understood as a threat to take unilateral action against North Korea, 'then this is a very risky path.' "
Pence is on an Asia-Pacific tour that will include visits to Japan, Indonesia and Australia.
For more on North Korea's weapons development program, NPR's Greg Myre has this explainer:
A test feature would oblige users to open Edge in some situations, regardless of whether it's set as default
Microsoft has begun testing a feature that would effectively force users to open the Windows Edge browser in some situations.
The feature would open Edge when users click on a link in the Windows Mail application, regardless of which browser users have set as default, Microsoft said.
Microsoft justified the move by saying that Edge is “the best” browser on Windows 10.
Edge “enables you to be more productive, organised and creative without sacrificing your battery life or security“, Microsoft said in a blog post.
Preview
The feature is being tested in a build of Windows 10 that's only available to beta-testers who opted into an advance preview programme. As such, it may not be retained in a final Windows 10 release.
If it is, it wouldn't be the first time Microsoft has made such a change. In April 2016 the company altered the Cortana voice assistant so that searches performed through Cortana would only open in Edge.
At the time, Microsoft said the move was designed to ensure the “integrity” of Cortana, which was designed with search results from Microsoft's Bing search engine in mind. Some users had “unfortunately” been getting around that by designing browser add-ons for third-party browsers that would allow Cortana to trigger search engines other than Bing, Microsoft said.
Default browser
Edge was introduced as the default browser with Windows 10 in July 2015, but so far Microsoft has had little luck persuading users to switch from Google's Chrome, Mozilla's Firefox or even its own obsolete Internet Explorer.
Edge is used on 4 percent of desktop computers, behind Internet Explorer's 6.9 percent, according to StatCounter. Chrome leads with 67.5 percent, followed by Firefox with 11.5 percent.
The small market share contrasts with Windows 10's relatively strong uptake, having made it onto 36 percent of desktops.
Versions of Edge for iOS and Android are also available.
Microsoft said it's seeking feedback on the feature change.
Windows 10: what do you know about the one operating system to rule them all? Try our quiz!
In this era of remakes, reboots, and long-awaited sequels, another forgotten franchise is just about set to rise from the ashes of development hell. That's right, according to Keanu Reeves, we may be further along with the next Bill & Ted movie than we first thought. With their lovable stupidity, the time-traveling troublemakers won over fans with Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure in 1989 and followed Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey in 1991. Since then, there have always been hopes that the duo could be back for more radical hops through history. Well, whip our your air guitars and start strumming, because #KeanuReeves just dropped some news about Bill and Ted 3.
A Bodacious Blockbuster
Speaking at New York Comic Con, Reeves gave an update on what was going on with the next excellent adventure:
"It's a cautionary tale. They're supposed to save the world. But when we see them, they haven't saved the world, and they're married and have kids. And they're playing to nobody. ... But they have to write the song… and face the music! Hopefully we'll make it before I'm 60."
Under the working title of Bill & Ted Face the Music, Reeves said, "show business is tough these days" — well, duh!
The road to third film has been a long one, and with us quickly approaching the 30th anniversary of the original movie, many had thought Reeves had lost his desire to make a trilogy. Arguably, it was playing bumming rocker Ted "Theodore" Logan that was Reeves' big break, and while he has gone on to be known as much more of an action star, playing one half of the Wyld Stallyns rock band must hold a special place in his heart.
The world of Bill & Ted is a strange one. Despite two movies, an animated series, video games, and several comic book continuations, it has never been that well-received by the mainstream. The sequel in particular maintains mixed reviews and average box office takings, but both movies remain a sci-fi staple thanks to a loyal following of cult fanatics.
A sequel was talked about as early as 2010, with Reeves saying that original writers Chris Matheson and Ed Solomon were working on script. With the death of George Carlin (who played Rufus) it looked like a sign that we should quit while we're ahead, but it sounds like it is still going full steam.
Given that Reaves has once again shot up the Hollywood A-list thanks to the dog-loving John Wick, timing couldn't be better for him and co-star Alex Winter to hop back in the phone booth again.
Check out the bros in action and don't forget our poll below:
Pop Quiz: Nicki Bluhm opens up on divorce and starting over in Nashville
Photo: Nic Coury / Special To The Chronicle 2017 Nicki Bluhm — pictured performing with the Dirty Dozen Brass Band...
Nicki Bluhm's world turned upside down last year. After more than half a decade fronting the Gramblers, the San Francisco country-rock band that became famous for covering 1980s pop hits in its touring van, the West Coast native divorced her husband and bandmate, Tim Bluhm of the Mother Hips, moved to Nashville and launched her solo career with the new album, “To Rise You Gotta Fall.” Recorded in Memphis at legendary Sam Phillips Recording Service, it finds the 39-year-old singer-songwriter behind the blunt bangs opening up about the turmoil that fueled her move.
Q: So I guess a couple of things have changed for you in the past year.
A: A lot of change: the divorce, the move, the record and the re-establishing myself as a human outside of that inner world of turmoil. I've been getting back up on my feet in Nashville and regrouping. Now I'm at the point where I'm ready to share what I'm working on.
Q: You also lost your band in the move. Have you found a new one?
A: I've been forcing myself to play solo — just me and an acoustic guitar, which I hadn't done in over a decade. I believe in doing something that scares you every day, so I have been adhering to that. I've been freaking myself out pretty regularly.
Q: As a Bay Area native, what was the lure of Nashville?
A: It was a number of things. After the divorce, I not only lost a husband, I also lost my musical mentor and bandmate. I realized pretty quickly that I needed to surround myself with people who were going to be inspiring to me. I was in such a vulnerable place I needed it to be new. I started coming to Nashville to write, and what came out of that was this really incredible experience. I had this song called “The Last to Know.” I told my co-writer, Simon Gugal, “This might be too much information.” He said, “You're in Nashville now, there's no such thing as too much information.” When I left the session, I felt like I had been in a therapy session. I became intoxicated with that feeling of how therapeutic writing could be, and how exciting it was to collaborate with people I didn't know.
Q: What do you miss most about California?
A: The Bay Area is home. I miss my friends. I miss my family. I miss the ease of living in a place where I lived my entire life. It's scary. But here in Nashville people eat, sleep and drink music. There's not a preciousness here. It's becoming more and more comfortable. That has helped me settle in.
Q: You mentioned the therapeutic quality of writing. Did you go into the recording session knowing you were going to lay it all out there?
A: It was important for me to get it out. I needed to express what I was experiencing and the questions I had. I knew that was the first step for me in processing. I wasn't editing myself. I wasn't thinking about not saying a particular thing. I wasn't trying to do anything except express myself. When you hold on to stress and anxiety, it's really toxic. I wanted to get it out of my head at that moment.
Q: Are you happy with how the album turned out?
A: I feel so confident in the sonic quality and the delivery and the performances. This is what I'm most proud of. The content is vulnerable. But it's my truth. It was an unavoidable truth. Unless I took time off, this is what came out. I know that I'm not alone in my situation. I know there are tons of people going through really challenging experiences. I hope with this record is almost a service piece. Music has given me so much in difficult times of my life that I just want to give back to that musical catalog. Then it's worth it.
Q: Do you get the sense that you're starting over?
A: It is really starting fresh. The best way I can explain it is teetering on fear and excitement. I would be lying if I said I wasn't terrified. But fear can be a great motivator. Its counterpoint is excitement. I want to have fun. I was in an emotionally chaotic point in my life. There was a lot of sadness. Though the songs carry that experience, there's a lot of hope in this record. Now I can do it my way. It's my name. I've surrounded myself with like-minded people who are really excited for me. It's nice to have that new energy and stay hopeful.
Aidin Vaziri is The San Francisco Chronicle's pop music critic. E-mail: avaziri@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @MusicSF
Nicki Bluhm: 9 p.m. Friday, June 8. $25. The Independent, 628 Divisadero St., S.F. (415) 771-1421. www.theindependentsf.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Images of a man seen with a schoolgirl who went missing on Easter Sunday have been released by police in a bid to find her.
Alicia Moran, 14, from Linthwaite, Huddersfield, went missing from home on Sunday afternoon.
The teenager was last spotted in Manchester.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the schoolgirl's disappearance, The Examiner reports.
(Photo: PA)
Officers said they want to speak to the man, or anyone who may know him, as they believe he may be with the teenager.
Alicia's family are very concerned for her welfare.
Police released a CCTV picture of a man they want to speak to after a sighting at the city's Arndale Centre.
Alicia is described as slim, 5ft 4in tall with her hair in a messy bun.
She was last seen wearing a back woolly coat and a mini dress.
Det Insp Craig McKay, of Kirklees CID, said: “We are continuing enquiries to find Alecia and are very concerned for her welfare as are her parents.
“We do now believe she is in the Manchester area and would like to speak to the man pictured who she has been seen with.
“I would ask that man, Alicia, anyone who can identify this male, or anyone who has any information about Alicia's whereabouts to contact Kirklees CID at West Yorkshire Police on 101 referencing West Yorkshire Police log 618 of April 16.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Split is the latest drama from the BBC and shows the life of high-flying divorce lawyer Hannah Stern both at work and at home.
In her professional world, Hannah, along with her two lawyer sisters is a glamorous, well heeled professional, who has left the family firm Defoe because her mother refused to give her control, now working at the bigger Noble & Hale's.
But in her personal life, her world is in chaos and her marriage struggling after she and her husband have neglected each other thanks to the pressures of career and three kids.
The lead role of Hannah is played by Nicola Walker , who you will definitely recognise from many a TV role, even if they were a lot less glamorous than her most recent one in The Split.
Here's what you need to know about Nicola.
What is Nicola's background?
(Image: BBC)
She was born in Stepney, east London to a scrap metal dealer husband and interior designer mother – she has one older brother.
After she went to a local youth theatre in Essex, her mum encouraged her to pursue acting because she couldn't think of what else she wanted to do – her dad wasn't quite so keen.
However she started acting classes at the age of 12 and started her career at the Cambridge Footlights.
After graduating in English, she was offered a place at RADA and moved to London where she lived in a flat with actress and comedian Sue Perkins and writers Emma Kennedy (The Kennedys and Celebrity Masterchef champion 2012) and Sarah Phelps (Ordeal by Innocence and other Agatha Christie adaptations).
It was a wise move all round – as well as a lot of boozy fun – they have remained firm friends and still work together, with Nicola appearing in Sue and Sarah's future works Footlights, Heading Out and Oliver Twist.
What else is Nicola famous for?
(Image: ITV)
Nicola has an extensive list of TV, theatre and a couple of films to her name. In 1994 she played the annoying folk singer in Four Weddings and a Funeral.
In 1997 she landed the leading part of DI Susan Taylor in Touching Evil alongside Robson Green and most viewers will remember her from Spooks, in which she played Ruth Evershed, a senior intelligence analyst seconded to MI5.
She started in the role, which was her first major one, in 2003, left in 2006 to have her first child but returned in 2009 and remained until her character's death at the end of the 10 series.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Other memorable parts include playing Gillian Greenwood in the BBC's hit Last Tango in Halifax alongside Sarah Lancashire , Derek Jacobi and Anne Reid – a role for which she was BAFTA nominated for best supporting actress.
She also starred in Prisoner's Wives, Scott & Bailey, Luther, The Turn of the Screw, Collateral and many more, including DCI Cassie Stuart in ITV's Unforgotten.
She won an Olivier Award for her role as the main character Christopher's mother in play The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.
Is Nicola married?
Yes - she met her husband, actor Barnaby Kay in 1994, during a production of The Libertine and nearly 20 years later, in 2003, they finally got hitched, to give their son Harry 11 security.
She told the Radio Times: “It doesn't sound very romantic. I find the whole ceremony of marriage a bit like going to work.
“Putting on a lovely dress and make-up, learning lines, someone doing your hair… I can see that would be really appealing if you don't do it for a living.
“Though we had a really lovely day because we didn't do that. We had a tiny family thing."
The Split starts on Tuesday April 24 on BBC1 at 9pm and continues for six weeks.
The six reported victims in the deadly pedestrian bridge collapse at Florida International University in Miami on Thursday afternoon were publicly identified by police on Sunday.
Among the victims was Navaro Brown, a 37-year-old African-American man who worked for Structural Technologies VSL, a company that specializes in bridge cable tension and construction systems, NBC Miami reported. Brown, who worked on-site when the 950-ton bridge failed a “stress adjustment” before it collapsed over cars on a highway, died Thursday at a local hospital.
Alexa Duran, an 18-year-old FIU student and political science major who was looking forward to law school, was also killed in the tragedy. Police recovered Duran from a vehicle on Saturday night after rescuers searched through the rubble for days during recovery efforts.
Ronaldo Fraga Hernandez, Oswald Gonzalez and Alberto Arias were also confirmed as victims who had been pulled from crushed vehicles.
A sixth victim, Brandon Brownfield, was believed to be inside one of the other cars removed from the site on Saturday night.
Police believe all the victims have been recovered, officials said to CBS News.
(44) Rest in peace: Alberto Arias, 54
Navaro Brown, 37
Alexa Duran, 18
Rolando Fraga Hernandez, 60
Osvaldo Gonzalez, 57
Brandon Brownfield, 39 #PrayForMiami pic.twitter.com/psUKK4hjnx — Hurricane Watcher (@GodlessNZ) March 19, 2018
All six Miami bridge collapse victims identified, school set to resume Monday https://t.co/khAbXmGZsV pic.twitter.com/mTuzL6gDbb — 11Alive News (@11AliveNews) March 19, 2018
Brownfield had three young daughters, having moved to Florida several years ago for his job at Maxim Crane Works, according to a fundraising page for the family that had raised more than $50,000 in a few days, CBS reported. He was on his way home from work when the bridge suddenly fell to the ground.
Gonzalez and Arias owned a party rental and decoration business together. Both men were found Saturday inside their white Chevy truck after the senseless tragedy. Drivers and witnesses posted startling footage of the collapse on social media.
Shocking dash-cam video of the Miami Bridge Collapse at FIU. Watch as motorists jump out to assist those who were trapped. Scary to see a school bus was just yards away… pic.twitter.com/Kl8J49tjhs — Taylor (@rollbluetide) March 17, 2018
Investigators are still trying to piece together what caused the bridge to crumble to the pavement. Crews had been involved in “post-tensioning” to secure the bridge at the time of the collapse.
Classes resumed at FIU on Monday.
SEE ALSO:
Viral Video Of Mom Beating Daughter Over Facebook Sexploits Highlights Double-Standard
Rachel Dolezal Wasn't The First: Six More Whites Who Passed For Black
COLUMBUS — The Hannan Trace Beta Club attended the Ohio Jr. Beta Convention in Columbus on April 16 and came home with a number of awards.
All 38 members attended. Students left Mercerville at six in the morning and returned at 10:30 p.m. that night. While in Columbus members competed against other fourth and fifth grade Beta members in various competitions. The final competition of the day was talent in which members performed and acted out the song, “More Than a Name on a Wall.” The song is about the Vietnam War memorial and the soldiers whose names are on it. Beta members held pictures of family members who had served in the military at one time. The group also displayed the boots of David Poling and his military picture.
Beta club goers say individuals within the crowd were moved to tears with the performance.
Individual and group projects placing first through third are now eligible to attend the national convention in Savannah, Ga. in June.
Members will be doing fundraisers to help pay for the trip.
Beta Convention Results 2018
Individual Competitions
Noah Day 1st place Woodworking, Reid Shafer 1st place Recycled Art, Kaylee Ruiz 3rd place Black & White Photography, Zoey Brumfield 1st place Jewelry, Molly McWhorter 1st place Fiber Arts, Regan Graves 1st place Black & White Pencil, Drawing Gracie Harrison 1st place Color Photography, 2nd place Wreath, Kennedy Shamblin 1st place Speech, Isabella Johnson 1st place Poetry, Emerika Eurell 1st place Language Arts Test, Savanna Spurlock 3rd place Language Arts Test. Alex Birchfield 1st place Math Test. Jacie Boothe 1st place Math Test, Blaise Davison 2nd place Science Test, Emma Clary 1st place Science Test, Hayden Green 3rd place Social Studies Test.
Group Projects
Technology 1st place, Alex Birchfield, Noah Day, Ayden Conwell, James Sheets. Trading Pin, 3rd place, Reid Shafer. Talent, 1st place, all members. Songfest, 1st place, all members song written by Halli Angel. Scrapbook, 1st place, made by Jacie Boothe, MichaelAnne Ours, painted by Regan Graves. T-shirt, 1st place, designed by Savanna Spurlock, Fayth Stonecipher. Living Literature, 1st place, Jacie Boothe, MichaelAnne Ours, Jamie Writesel, Gracie Birchfield, Gracyn Null, Isabella Johnson, Emma Clary, Madison Summers, Emma Sanders, Fayth Stonecipher. Tower of Power, 3rd place, Jacob Smith, Ayden Conwell, Alexis Caldwell, Judah Cremeens. Book Battle, 3rd place, Emma Sanders, Halli Angel, Madison Summers. Robotics, 1st place, Gavin Smith, Hunter Wright, Bayleigh Waterhouse. Quiz Bowl, 3rd place, Gracie Harrison, Reid Shafer, Hunter Wright, Molly McWhorter.
Hanna Trace Elementary School Beta Club members pictured at the Ohio Junior Beta Convention. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_30568.jpeg Hanna Trace Elementary School Beta Club members pictured at the Ohio Junior Beta Convention. Courtesy photo
Posted 9 hours ago
National Super Alliance principals are expected to arrive in Vipingo, Kilifi county for a two day retreat aimed at ironing out outstanding issues within
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," he added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when he says about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," she says, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," she says, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," she says.
While she largely praises the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," she says, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
POLICE in New York are responding to reports of explosion at bus terminal in Manhattan.
More to come.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As one of the most searched for fashion retailers on Google, ASOS continues to be the go-to online shop for anyone who loves fashion and beauty.
But with news that an increasing number of loyal fans preferring to shop on mobile, the retailer is putting more energy and resources into its app features (available to download on iTunes for Apple iOs and Google Play for Android).
The latest innovation is a 'visual search' tool that tells you where strangers bought their outfits. The feature means shoppers can spot an item they like, snap a photo of it via the app and, as if by magic, get recommended items that are either an exact match or very similar. Genuis.
(Image: Asos)
On top of the latest app features, there's also final clearance deals of up to 70% off, as the brand makes way for all the winter clobber we'll soon be clamouring to get our hands on.
However, if you still have a holiday to prep for there are some amazing bargains to be found. We've spied swimwear separates from £3, sandals from £4.50 and summer dresses from £4. If you're a vintage lover take a look at the sale deals over at ASOS Marketplace where there are reductions of up to 70% off too.
And even if you're not jetting off to the beach, there are plenty of beauty and make up discounts in the sale too - because everyone loves a good pamper session don't they?
In this guide:
1. Search for ASOS sale deals
Snap up some serious bargains by following the simple steps below:
Save more on wardrobe basics by buying essentials in the ASOS multi save offers. Sign up for the ASOS newsletter to find out when new promotions launch. Use the save for later function to keep want you want in your basket for up to 60 days, and then look for relevant discount codes that will help you save money off your order (see below). Look for more discounts on clothing at these voucher code sites: Voucherbox, VoucherCodes and HotDealsUK.
2. Join the ASOS loyalty scheme
If you're a shopaholic it is probably worth joining the ASOS loyalty scheme, where you can pick up loyalty points that convert into ASOS vouchers and perks with other partners like Spotify, STA Travel, Krispy Kreme and Metcalfe's Skinny.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
How it works:
Make a qualifying order and you will be automatically enrolled in the loyalty scheme.
As an ASOS A-LIST customer you'll earn five points for every £1 you spend.
Shoppers can collect points for every £1 spent and previously could let points accumulate over a year before expiring. However, the retailer recently announced it was changing the terms of the scheme - with points expiring every six months, reducing the time shoppers get to use up their points.
There is also a limit to the amount of points you can earn in a month, with a revisised points cap of 3,000 now put in place. You can check the full terms of the loyalty scheme here.
3. Get FREE delivery
Delivery costs for online orders can rack up, especially if you're a regular shopper, but there are ways you can avoid paying for delivery altogether.
Free standard home delivery: Spend £20 and you'll get free standard delivery. But all orders must be made by 6pm Monday to Saturday or by 5pm on Sundays.
Free click and collect delivery: There's also free standard and next day click and collect service from any local collection points - more details here.
Free next day delivery: If you're doing a big shop and spending £100 or more you can get free delivery using this code: NEXTDAY at checkout on ASOS.com. (However the discount is only available on full priced purchases.)
Unlimited UK next day delivery: If you're a regular shopper you might want to buy unlimited UK next-day delivery for a whole year (excludes Northern Ireland) for £9.95 for better long term savings.
4. Earn cashback
If you regularly shop online, using cashback sites to earn money on what you spend is a no-brainer.
They're free to join and regularly offer bonus cashback offers. Two of the biggest - TopCashback and Quidco are currently offering 10.5% and 10% cashback for new members who shop at ASOS. So, what are you waiting for?
5. Shop ASOS Marketplace clearance
If you're a vintage fan ASOS Marketplace has discounts of up to 70% off in their latest clearance.
The online marketplace lets you buy women's or menswear from indie labels and international boutiques, as well as vintage goodies from top-rated sellers from around the world at the ASOS sister site.
6. Use the visual search tool
(Image: Asos)
The visual search tool is currently shown as a camera icon that appears in the ASOS app search bar. Here's how to use it:
Bob and Juli Reynolds, owners of Miami-based Morris & Reynolds Insurance recently hosted America's top employee benefit professionals as part of the National Benefit Advisors Network's (BAN) 2018 Educational Conference held at the Hyatt Regency Miami Convention Center.
This year's conference marked the first time that BAN has held its meeting in Florida and, by all accounts, was considered “a smashing success.” The prestigious event had record attendance consisting of about 500 industry leading professionals who gathered to learn and share ideas related to the rapidly evolving world of employee benefits.
Following a lively video showcasing Miami's top attractions, the conference kicked off with a welcome address by the Reynolds' team, presented in both English and Spanish, touting the South Florida region as a wonderful place to live, work, and play.
BAN Executive Director Perry Braun summed up the experience by saying, “Attendees who came from 35 states across America all had very complimentary comments about Miami, its hotels, restaurants, and especially the people they met. What makes these events special is the opportunity to experience the people and cultures of a city – and the people of Miami were wonderful.”
The Benefit Advisors Network is comprised of 85 of America's largest, leading, independent employee benefits brokers, known as Smart Partners, that collectively place nearly $20 Billion in employee benefits coverage premiums each year for their clients while insuring millions of people across the U. S.
Carefully selected from among the most prestigious and progressive firms in the U.S., each BAN member is a recognized expert in their marketplace, with decades of experience in the field of employee benefits. The conference's many seminars covered a wide range of topics such as benefits administration technology, client care, regulatory compliance, captive insurance, referenced-based pricing, and emerging legal topics.
BAN members such as Morris & Reynolds offer a unique collection of curated products and services to their clients including popular monthly compliance webinars, unique insurance company relationships and pricing, timely newsletters and alerts, as well as expert advice from BAN's international benefits law firm and Compliance Director.
“Providing our clients with state of the art answers and solutions in the increasingly complex world of insurance and benefits is very important to my entire team, and being a BAN member is an example of how we truly set our agency apart from our peers,” said Bob Reynolds, President and CEO of Morris & Reynolds Insurance.
BAN members leverage their expertise to help their clients control costs, navigate the cumbersome world of benefits' compliance, and implement industry leading solutions related to benefit administration technology, ERISA, benchmarking, payroll processing, and communications.
Juli Reynolds, Executive Vice President of Morris & Reynolds enthusiastically noted how the satisfying the three-day event was for attendees.
“We were proud to show off South Florida to our colleagues and are excited to share so many new ideas and solutions with our clients,” said Reynolds. “The world of employee benefits and insurance is changing so rapidly but the conference and our BAN collaboration serves to help us provide our clients with solutions they simply can't find anywhere else, and we are proud to be a resource to them on such important topics.”
The Reynolds family has been in the insurance profession in Miami since 1910 and has owned its independent agency, Morris & Reynolds Insurance, since 1950.
For information on the Benefit Advisors Network and Morris & Reynolds Insurance, call 305-238-1000 or visit www.morrisandreynolds.com.
On Sunday night's episode of "American Idol," an18-year-old singer named Jonny Brenns auditioned with an original song called "Blue Jeans." Judges Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Katy Perry were impressed. Especially Perry.
"You got a face like Chet Baker. Very good-looking," Perry said approvingly to the contestant. Then she smirked, looking away and rolling her eyes knowingly.
"Look at her!" Bryan exclaimed. Richie asked, "Will you stop flirting now?"
Perry ignored them. "It's kind of like this sweet little sexy thing that you've got going on," she told Brenns. She agreed with Bryan's assessment that teenage girls would love him. "Eighteen-year-old girls would eat this up! If a 32-year-old cougar would eat it up ..." Perry, 32, trailed off.
The scene was presented in good fun, as Richie and Bryan thought it was hilarious and the show promoted Brenns's audition as an "'American Idol' showmance." But as this continues a pattern of Perry flirting with male contestants, how will the pop star's behaviour play out in a culture that is now hyperaware of power dynamics in Hollywood?
Perry briefly caused an internet storm after last week's première of the costly revival of the hit Fox series that now airs on ABC, during a scene that seemed out of place in the #MeToo era. In the episode, 19-year-old contestant Benjamin Glaze told the judges he had never kissed a girl before. Perry motioned for him to give her a peck on the cheek — only to turn her face at the last second and kiss him on the lips.
Glaze toppled over in surprise as Bryan and Richie howled with laughter and gave Perry high-fives. Glaze, who took the moment in stride, later told the New York Times that he was a "tad bit uncomfortable" because he wanted to save his first kiss for his first relationship.
Though "Idol" heavily promoted that moment leading up to the première, some viewers weren't amused — pointing out that the same situation between a 30-something male judge and 19-year-old female contestant would not have been played for laughs. (Sample comment on Twitter: "Anyone else watches 'Idol' feel like Katy Perry pressured that poor kid into letting her kiss him on the cheek and violated him by planting one on his lips? Would not have been OK for a male celebrity to do to a young girl. #americanidol #katyperry #mencanbesexuallyharassedtoo")
An ABC spokesperson declined to comment, and Perry's publicist did not return a request for comment. However, as the situation spiralled last week, Glaze took to Instagram to clarify that "I do not think I was sexually harassed by Katy Perry and I am thankful for the judges comments and critiques." He also reiterated to "Entertainment Tonight": "I was only uncomfortable because it was just my first kiss. I'm not upset about it, I'm glad that it happened."
On the second night of "Idol's" two-part première last Monday, the show really leaned into Perry's flirtatious side. The episode featured an audition with 27-year-old construction worker Trevor Holmes, who admitted that Perry was his celebrity crush. The feeling became mutual when Holmes appeared in front of the judges. Bryan labelled him a "dreamboat" while Perry went with, "You're so hot."
PITTSBURGH (AP) - The Pittsburgh Steelers have signed inside linebacker Jon Bostic to a two-year contract.
Details of the deal were not disclosed and it will not be finalized until after Bostic undergoes a physical on Monday.
The 26-year-old Bostic played 14 games for Indianapolis last season, getting 97 tackles and one sack. Bostic injured his right knee against Denver in December and finished the season on injured reserve. Pittsburgh is Bostic's fifth stop.
Bostic began his career with Chicago after being taken in the second round of the 2013 draft. He played two seasons in Chicago then one in New England before the Patriots traded him to Detroit in 2016. He missed the entire season in Detroit with a foot injury before joining the Colts.
The Steelers are in need of depth at inside linebacker with Ryan Shazier already ruled out for 2018 because of a spinal injury suffered in Cincinnati in December.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Emergency services have rushed to a village near Boroughbridge after reports a helicopter has come down in a field.
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed that they sent crews to the scene at Aldborough just before 1.30pm .
The aircraft is believed to be a helicopter but this has not been confirmed.
Witness tells of moment helicopter 'dropped like a stone' near Aldborough Hall
Police and ambulance are also at the scene.
North Yorkshire Police said that are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
Smoke can be seen coming from the field
At 1.23pm today, police received reports of a helicopter crash near Aldborough, Boroughbridge.
"Officers are currently at the scene. Fire and ambulance crews are also in attendance.
"Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties."
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
Most of us carry some form of ID—driving licence, passport, a government issued ID card, and even a permanent account number (PAN) card. Since such identification documents travel everywhere with you, there is a high chance of losing them. What happens if you lose your PAN card? Remember that the PAN card carries a number—it is essentially an alpha-numeric identity that will continue to be yours even if you lose your PAN card. If you lose the card, there is no need to apply for a new number. Instead, you can just apply for a reprint of the card. This process can also be used for corrections on the printed PAN card.
But in case of loss, the first thing to do is to report the loss to the police in order to safeguard yourself from any misuse arising out of the stolen or lost document. The card has your name, father's name, PAN number and date of birth printed on it, and these are often used for verification of identity at various places, and also for logging into the income tax website.
Reprinting PAN
The income tax department allows PAN applications through two agencies: NSDL (National Securities Depository Ltd) and UTIITSL (UTI Infrastructure Technology And Services Ltd). You can apply for a new PAN or corrections or a reprint of PAN, using the options in the type of application on this page: http://bit.ly/2fI8GuA.
When you select the reprint or corrections option, the first page will ask for basic details such as name, date of birth, email address, mobile phone number and the existing PAN number. When you submit these details and move on to the next page, you will be asked for your Aadhaar or Aadhaar enrollment ID. At this stage, you also have to choose the mode of submission of required documents. You can use the Aadhaar-based eKYC method, or send scanned documents with a digital signature, or send physical documents to the PAN processing office of the income tax department.
If you select the paperless eKYC option through Aadhaar, you are not required to update your address in the subsequent pages where communication address is asked for. In this case, the PAN card will be sent to the address mentioned in your Aadhaar database. However, this form of authentication would mean that you have access to the mobile phone number associated with your Aadhaar as a one-time password (OTP) will be sent to that number. Also, the details given in Aadhaar should exactly match the name, date of birth and gender in the PAN application.
If you select the option to submit scanned documents with an eSign, you will need to submit proof of identity, address and date of birth, and proof of the existing PAN in the subsequent steps of the application.
Similarly, if you use the UTIITSL portal, you can apply for a reprint here: http://bit.ly/2nOrmOV. The UTI portal also allows you to use a copy of an FIR as a proof of existing PAN.
Both these portals can also be used for corrections in name, date of birth or a mismatch of signature or photograph of the PAN holder.
DOJ Warned White House Flynn Could Be Vulnerable To Russian Blackmail
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned Monday after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. NPR's Kelly McEvers talks to Washington Post reporter Adam Entous, who has been following the story.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police investigating the stabbing of Liz Hurley's nephew have released CCTV footage of a car involved in the incident.
Miles Hurley, 21, continues to recover after being repeatedly knifed in a shocking attack allegedly sparked by a road rage incident.
He lost four pints of blood and the blade narrowly missed severing his spine.
His famous aunt Liz, 52, flew back from filming in New York to be by his bedside, saying it was "an appalling time" for her family.
Now detectives have released an image and footage of a car and appealed for witnesses.
The Met said in a press release that the two victims were driving in a beige Fiat 500 on Wandsworth Road, London near the junction with Landsdowne Way, when they became involved in a "verbal altercation" with the occupants of another car following a minor collision.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Met Police)
(Image: Met Police)
"The victims were chased at high speed by the men in the other car which is described as a black hatchback with blacked out windows.
"The victims drove to Ascalon Road and got out of their car.
"The suspects also stopped, got out of their vehicle and attacked the two victims before driving off," police said.
The driver of the suspects' vehicle is described as white or mixed race, aged in his early to mid-20s, 6ft tall, of large build and with a shaved head and stubble.
He was wearing a navy blue tracksuit.
His passengers are all described as young black men.
(Image: Google Maps)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Officers are appealing to anyone who saw either a beige coloured Fiat 500 or a black hatchback being driven erratically and at high speed on Wandsworth Road and in the Patmore Estate at around 20:45hrs that evening.
They would also like to speak with any motorists who were in the area and who may have dashcam footage.
Detective Constable Simon Monga, from Wandsworth CID, said: "This was a violent and unnecessary attack.
"A minor traffic collision has resulted in two men being stabbed.
"It is only by sheer luck that their injuries are not more serious."
No arrests have been made so far.
Over the weekend, actress Liz revealed Miles is still in "great pain" as a result of the "shocking wounds" he suffered.
She wrote on Instagram: "Wishing everyone a peaceful weekend. Thank you to all who sent such kind messages following the news that my nephew @mileshurley1 was viciously stabbed last week."
(Image: Instagram/elizabethhurley1)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
She continued: "His wound is shocking, he remains in great pain and he can hardly move, but he is slowly recovering.
"My sister is an amazing mother and is looking after him and his friend - who was also stabbed.
"I have just reached India but am I receiving updates throughout the day."
She then called for fans to join her in making the streets of London safer.
She added: "We need to make our streets safer and I want to be part of the movement to achieve that. I hope you will join me. More later xxxx"
(Image: Instagram)
Earlier this week, Miles was pictured for the first time since the attack.
The picture showed the model posing in a white robe as he stood next to his 21-year-old friend, who is thought to also have been stabbed in the attack.
"MY SURVIVORS. Grateful," the pair's pal captioned the upload.
While another friend commented: "Coming back soon. I love you."
(Image: bazyfish)
(Image: Instagram)
The young model is the son of Liz's older sister Kate Curran, 54, and is very close to his famous aunt and her son Damian Hurley.
Miles started his modelling career at the age of 13 when a scout spotted him working on a stall in London's Camden Market and signed him to Next Model Management.
He launched his career after taking Liz's surname over his mum's lesser known one, and landed modelling work with Dolce & Gabbana and Roberto Carvalli.
(Image: Instagram)
In 2013 he paid tribute to Liz, saying: "I'm really close to my aunt and she's very supportive of everything I do.
"The best advice she's given me is just to enjoy myself, work hard and be nice to everybody."
Liz herself took an active role in mentoring her young nephew, with a source telling the Daily Mail in 2013: "She has been incredibly involved in Miles's modelling career.
"She often sits in on his meetings and gives advice on photographs."
Liz had been in New York promoting her TV series The Royals, in which she plays the fictional Queen Mother.
The George C. Marshall European Center conducts two Countering Transnational Organized Crime resident courses each fiscal year. This is the trifold brochure created to market the resident course at various security conferences and at U.S. embassies throughout Europe.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.01.2016 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:58 Photo ID: 3166918 VIRIN: 161201-O-RR751-873 Resolution: 8382x13716 Size: 19.58 MB Location: GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, BY, DE Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Countering Transnational Organized Crime Trifold, by Zachary Sherman, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Police are today (14 August) investigating two separate multi-vehicle crashes. In both instances, the victims escaped with minor injuries.
The first crash, which involved two vehicles, occurred around 1 am on Eastern Avenue at the intersection of Godfrey Nixon way.
Police say a Kia Sportage SUV and an Audi A-4 car were involved in that crash. A 35-year-old George Town man was arrested for drinking and driving and resisting arrest in that incident.
The second crash involved three vehicles; a white Toyota Trueno, a Dodge truck and a Kia motor car. That occurred just before 9 pm on the West Bay Road.
Police say they responded to a crash on West Bay Road, just past the Lawrence Blvd stop light where it appeared the white Toyota Trueno collided into the rear of a Dodge truck and into the front door of a Kia motor car heading in the opposite direction.
The Dodge truck flipped over into the middle of the roadway.
That accident prompted the temporary closure of West Bay Road until 11:30 pm. Anyone with information is asked to call the Traffic management unit at 649-6254.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
New Delhi: Stingrays are a part of the shark family, therefore, their behaviour and habits are, quite evidently, similar to them too.
They also like to feed primarily on molluscs, crustaceans, and occasionally on small fish. However, a video posted by a Twitter user from Japan has gone viral, which shows a stingray mercilessly munching on a squid.
The video was shot at a Japanese aquarium and visitors who witnessed the incident were horrified.
The stingray trapped the cephalopod against the glass and started to devour it, after making sure that it couldn't escape.
The video was retweeted over 93,000 times. Check it out below:
SOUTH WINDSOR, Conn. (WTNH) — A South Windsor man is facing charges after he allegedly drove drunk early Wednesday morning.
Police say around 12:30 a.m., a South Windsor Police officer stopped a vehicle on Sullivan Avenue for a violation. The police officer suspected that the operator, 22-year-old James Calvert was under the influence of alcohol. After conducting a series of roadside sobriety tests, police arrested Calvert.
Calvert is being charged with operating a motor vehicle under the influence of drugs/alcohol and failure to have headlamps lit. Officials say he was released on a $500 bond and is scheduled to appear at Manchester Superior Court on February 27, 2017.
PRESS RELEASE ‘The Russians Are Coming' Hysteria Continues from the Political Corpse in the White House and His Ghoulish Friends Dec. 31, 2016 (EIRNS)—Today's manic hysteria from Obama's walking dead is that the Russian's have hacked into the American electricity grid in Vermont, "showing risk to U.S. electrical grid security, officials say," as the Washington Post puts it. This can be placed on the same level as the cartoon circulating on the web showing a puppy telling his master that "the Russians pooped on the rug." The devastating evidence is reported by the Post: "A code associated with the Russian hacking operation dubbed Grizzly Steppe by the Obama administration has been detected within the system of a Vermont utility, according to U.S. officials," who said that it "raises fears in the U.S. government that Russian government hackers are actively trying to penetrate the grid to carry out potential attacks." Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin, apparently after consultation with Obama calling from his cruise on the River Styx, issued a statement saying: "Vermonters and all Americans should be both alarmed and outraged that one of the world's leading thugs, Vladimir Putin, has been attempting to hack our electric grid, which we rely upon to support our quality-of-life, economy, health, and safety. This episode should highlight the urgent need for our federal government to vigorously pursue and put an end to this sort of Russian meddling." RT quotes an IT firm saying that the codes sent out by the FBI around the country as the Putin hack job is actually "outdated Ukrainian malware."
Reinvigorated midfielder Chris Masten says a burning desire to prove a point to himself has been the catalyst for his strong start to the season as he looks to establish himself in West Coast's line-up.
The 28-year-old is flying ahead of Sunday's western derby at Optus Stadium, having revived a career that was on life support last year as he regularly found himself stuck in WAFL ranks.
Masten played the first 10 AFL games in 2017 before being sent back to East Perth.
He played only three AFL matches in the second half of the season and did not feature in the Eagles' finals campaign.
But he has played all five matches this season, averaging 22 disposals and kicking four goals.
Masten's roles have included stints at half-forward, in the midfield and on the wing, and increased time up the ground has allowed him to showcase his elite running ability.
“At the end of last year, I wasn't getting a game, so I'm just trying to take care of myself and do my job and then help other people do their jobs,” he said.
“That's the good thing about our midfield.
Camera Icon Chris Masten has been in good touch. Picture: Getty Images
“We're all onto each other about what we're doing and not getting ahead of ourselves.
“I had a little bit to prove this year to myself more than anyone — no one else really — that I could still play some good footy.
“It's been a reasonable start but there's a long way to go.”
West Coast are on top of the ladder and have won the past five clashes with Fremantle.
But Masten rejected suggestions the Eagles have the wood on their cross-town rivals.
“It's the first derby at Optus Stadium and everyone in Perth is going to be going berserk. It will be wicked,” Masten said.
“We don't like them, but we don't really like anyone, to be honest.
“We go out there and try to bash each other every game.”
Jack Redden and Nathan Vardy are extending their stays at the Eagles. Redden has added three seasons to the three-year deal he signed in 2015, while Vardy signed a two-year extension through to the end of 2020.
Surge in public interest around Bitcoin and other digital currencies has helped propel a dubious wallet app to the top of the App Store's Finance section
A knock-off version of one of the most popular management tools for cryptocurrencies such as Ether (ETH) has made it to the top of the sales charts on Apple's App Store, raising questions about Apple's security processes.
The incident is all the more troubling in that it comes amidst an increase in public interest in cryptocurrencies, following sharp rises in the value of Bitcoin and the launch of trading in futures for the currency on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) on Sunday.
The software in question is labelled MyEtherWallet, the same as the popular cryptocurrency management service MyEtherWallet.com.
MyEtherWallet.com runs primarily as a mobile-friendly web service, but doesn't provide a mobile app. Moreover, it is licensed under the open source MIT licence and is offered for free – unlike the app in Apple's App Store, which sells for £4.99.
‘This is not us'
“This is not us,” said MyEtherWallet.com's developers in a tweet on Saturday night.
The organisers said they had reported the app in question to Apple, but it remained on the App Store as of Monday morning.
MyEtherWallet.com was responding to an earlier tweet by Christian Lundkvist, a cryptocurrency researcher. At the time the MyEtherWallet app was the third most popular app in the App Store's Finance section, according to Lundkvist. The matter was the subject of an earlier report by TechCrunch.
“I would approach with caution!” Lundkvist wrote.
The app's developer, listed as Nam Le, has published three other apps on the App Store – two games and a counting app for the Apple Watch. The MyEtherWallet app was initially published on 6 December.
The app doesn't use the same logo as MyEtherWallet.com, but it's unlikely any wallet developer would be unaware of existence of the popular web-based service.
Cryptocurrency boom
While the app may not necessarily be malicious, its use of the name of a popular, pre-existing tool could at best cause confusion for users, and is a particular concern in that the software handles users' funds.
Apple didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Cryptocurrencies have become the focus of intense interest in recent days due to the soaring value of Bitcoin, which jumped again over the weekend at the start of trading on the CBOE, its first major global exchange.
The wave of publicity helped cryptocurrency wallet app Coinbase climb to the top of Apple's chart of free iOS downloads in the US last week, up from No. 400 in early November.
Bitcoin traded at below $1,000 at the beginning of this year, but rose past $18,000 last week, prompting a number of experts to warn of a bubble having formed around the currency.
The currencies' decentralised, unregulated nature make them particularly vulnerable to theft through techniques such as phishing and social engineering, as well as the exploitation of software flaws.
NiceHash, the largest Bitcoin mining marketplace, said earlier this month it had been hacked, with more than 4,700 Bitcoin (currently £60m) stolen, and in June attackers took advantage of a software flaw to make off with Ether currency worth more than $50m (£37m) at the time.
Do you know all about security in 2017? Try our quiz!
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great he might be in his eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in his mind he will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland he knows so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," he said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in his left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with his status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the post-season then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley, The Associated Press
New Trump Order Extends 'Buy American' And 'Hire American' Rules
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aijaz Rahi/AP Aijaz Rahi/AP
President Trump is trying to put more muscle into his campaign slogan of "Buy American and Hire American" and is preparing to sign an executive order Tuesday aimed at strengthening existing government policies to support domestic products and workers.
Trump is expected to sign the order during a visit to the Snap-on tool company in Kenosha, Wis.
"The capability of the American middle class to make things and keep them running has been at the base of our nation's strength since its founding," Snap-on CEO Nicholas T. Pinchuk said in a statement. "We believe the President's visit emphasizes the need to nurture such manufacturing strength."
The "Buy American" portion of the executive order calls for stricter enforcement of laws requiring the federal government to buy American-made products when possible. Administration officials complain that those laws have been watered down over the years and often are sidestepped with government waivers.
"Buy American" provisions also may run afoul of free trade agreements, though the White House wants to conduct a full review before seeking adjustments to those trade agreements.
The "Hire American" part of the order aims to crack down on what the administration calls "abuses" of government guest-worker programs. The biggest target is the H-1B visa program, which is designed to help technology firms fill jobs requiring special skills but which critics say often is used to replace American workers with lower-paid foreign competitors.
"The H-1B visa program is commonly discussed as being for when employers have a labor shortage," said Daniel Costa, director of immigration law and policy research at the Economic Policy Institute. "The reality of it is that employers are not required to recruit and try to hire U.S. workers before they hire an H-1B worker."
The government issues 85,000 H-1B visas annually. In recent years, many of those visas have been snapped up by outsourcing firms that offer low-cost IT support to American corporations.
"A very big share of the visas are actually going to IT outsourcing companies," Costa said. "We do know that many of the companies that have this business model are the ones that are paying the lowest wages to H-1Bs."
The executive order calls on the departments of Commerce, Labor, Homeland Security and State to more strictly police the visa program. It also proposes changes, such as awarding H-1B visas to guest workers with the best skills and highest potential wages, rather than through a random lottery as is done now.
"The latest data that I've seen showed that 80 percent of the H-1Bs who were coming in came in below the local average wage," Costa said.
Some of the changes the White House wants would require cooperation from lawmakers.
"There are some things that the Trump administration could do at the margins that might help clean up some of the worst abuses in the program," Costa said, but "legislation is going to be required to really fix the program."
Although H-1Bs are the main focus of the order, other guest worker programs could also come under scrutiny.
The president himself has relied on guest workers with a different kind of visa — H-2B — to help staff his Mar-a-Lago resort, according to the Palm Beach Post. During the campaign Trump defended his use of foreign workers, saying it's difficult to find Americans willing to accept seasonal employment.
AFTER advising members to suspend selling day tours to Bohol following the clash between members of the Abu Sayyaf Group and government troops in a village in Inabanga, the Cebu Association of Tour Operator Specialists (Catos) is back to selling day tours for the island province.
“We are now back to business. We are selling Bohol day tours now,” said Catos president Alice Queblatin yesterday.
Last week, Catos advised its 44 member-companies to suspend selling Bohol day tours, citing the kidnapping threats by terror groups in Cebu and Bohol. The advisory was meant to ensure the safety of guests.
The site of the fighting is an isolated area in Inabanga, which is a three-hour ride away from Panglao, where most foreign and local tourists converge and about two hours away from Tagbilaran, Bohol's capital city.
After the Tuesday clash, AFP Central Command Commander Maj. Gen. Oscar Lactao, in a televised press briefing, said that “Bohol is the safest place on Earth…Whatever na plans nila dito, it was disrupted and degraded.”
Asean Summit
Around 200 delegates from the 10-nation Association of Southeast Asian Nations is expected in Bohol this week for the Asean Trade Ministers Meeting. The conference will include the AHKFTA (Free Trade Agreement between Asean and Hong Kong) Trade Negotiating Committee and Related Meetings, according to the schedule of year-long activities released by the Asean.
Both DTI 7 Director Asteria Caberte and Assistant Regional Director Nelia Navarro confirmed in text messages yesterday that there were no changes to the scheduled meetings.
“As of now, our info is (that the) meeting is pushing through in the same venue,” said Navarro. The meetings will be held at the Hennan Resort in Panglao and is expected to gather more than 200 trade officials.
DTI is this year's chair of the Asean Economic Ministers (AEM) meeting and the Asean Committee on Business and Investment Promotion (CBIP).
Aside from the meetings, DTI is also putting up a Go Lokal pop-up store that will feature Philippine-made merchandise inside the resort. Delegates will also receive a brass tarsier as tokens, made by Arden Classic, a Mactan-based exporter.
Agenda
In a statement, DTI Secretary Ramon Lopez said the Philippines is one with the ASEAN in increasing trade and investments in the region, as well as in integrating micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the digital economy for greater access to trade information.
The top agenda in the Asean meetings also include access to the global market value chain and finance, the promotion of youth and women entrepreneurship; and increased cooperation within the region as well as connectivity to the rest of the world.
For months, analysts all over the industry foretold the coming of the Siri Speaker – a Wi-Fi audio device from Apple that had a home assistant baked right in.
They said it would be Apple's answer to the Amazon Echo or the Google Home, and those who were close to it said those were the products Apple engineers looked to emulate.
But they were wrong: HomePod isn't an Amazon Echo rival. It's a Sonos killer.
Here's the thing, if Apple was targeting the Google Home or Amazon Echo, it failed. It failed miserably. Not only are those two speakers substantially cheaper than the $349 (about £270 or AU$460) Apple HomePod, but the HomePod feels far behind in terms of connectivity. (Amazon's new Echo has a screen, while Home has deep Chromecast functionality.)
But the Apple HomePod doesn't line up with those. The better comparison, and the one we all should've made from the beginning, is to a Sonos Play:3 speaker.
Instead of seeing the HomePod as a Siri Speaker, a device that feels late and underdressed to a party, see it as the evolution of the connected Wi-Fi speaker – loaded to the gills with a seven beam-forming tweeter array, a 4-inch upward-facing woofer and a library of 4 million songs.
HomePod's weapon of choice? AirPlay
So how does Apple plan on committing the homicide? It seems like the answer lies in AirPlay, that open standard Apple has been using for ages to tether devices together.
Apple's announcement of AirPlay 2.0 was something it breezed through during Monday's WWDC keynote. It announced the new capabilities almost dutifully, before pressing on to the New iPad Pro (really, Apple? That's the best name you could come up with?) and the improvements coming to the Metal SDK.
The better comparison, and the one we all should've made from the beginning, is to a Sonos Play:3 speaker.
Don't get me wrong, I love hearing about how Apple is diving into VR with the HTC Vive, or how great macOS 10.13 High Sierra is going to be. I do. But when you're telling us that all AirPlay 2.0 speakers will be controllable by Siri and any AirPlay speaker can be accessed and grouped by the Home app, we should probably spend a few minutes on that.
If it works as described, AirPlay could replace every first-party app from audio makers like Bose, Sonos, Ultimate Ears and dozens of others. They'll have no purpose any more.
Unlimited control of speaker groupings and music playback were the features that built Sonos as a brand 15 years ago, and now Apple is stealing that thunder.
Thunder, meet Flash
I've described certain speakers “all flash and no thunder” in the past. When I said it, I meant that the speaker spent so much time honing its image or its feature set, it forgot what the most important aspect of a speaker should be: sound quality. (Cough, Beats, cough.)
From the spec sheet, that's exactly the opposite of what Apple is doing with the HomePod.
It has a seven beam-tweeter array, each with their own drivers, and a high-excursion woofer. It has an Apple A8 Chip inside that will intelligently sculpt sound to match the environment it's in. It uses an advanced algorithm that continuously analyzes the music and dynamically tunes the low frequencies for distortion-free sound. It can analyze the acoustics of a room, adjust the sound based on the speaker's location and steer the music in the right direction.
It could be a great-sounding speaker. And if it is, then Sonos is in real trouble.
But more to my point, it doesn't seem fair to compare the HomePod to the Google Home or Amazon Echo. The Home, for example, has a 2 inch driver and dual 2 inch passive radiators while the Echo uses one 2.0 inch tweeter and a built-in 2.5 inch woofer. The difference between these “AI first, sound quality second” products and Apple's HomePod should be night and day.
Oh yeah, and it has Siri too
Instead of seeing Siri as the HomePod's main purpose, look at it like the cherry on top of a delicious, Wi-Fi connected cake: It can clearly integrate with dozens of smart home appliances right out of the gate and answer any questions you might have, but those aren't the sorts of things that the HomePod will excel at.
Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant are going to be smarter, more clever and more intuitive than anything Apple puts into the HomePod.
In terms of smart home functionality, HomeKit isn't a resounding success yet, and while it's well supported it doesn't have the same enthusiasm behind it that Samsung's SmartThings platform has.
Similarly, while I expect some improvements to be made to Siri before the HomePod's launch in December of this year, I fully expect it to be the hit-or-miss virtual assistant I have on my iPhone today. With over two years in public development and many more behind closed doors, Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant are going to be smarter, more clever and more intuitive than anything Apple puts into the HomePod. I have very little doubt about that.
In summary? Calling it a Siri Speaker belittles the HomePod's greatest strengths. It's not an AI-equipped smart speaker but a relatively bold evolution of the Wi-Fi speaker that now comes with a still-in-development virtual assistant.
Personnel stationed at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, pose for a photo during a “DSST/CLEP-a-thon,” Feb. 11, 2017. The testing marathon was held to encourage service members to take DANTES Subject Standardized Test exams and College Level Examination Program tests while deployed, in turn saving themselves time and the Air Force money in tuition assistance. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:49 Photo ID: 3166543 VIRIN: 170213-F-SB162-0001 Resolution: 4800x3200 Size: 8.13 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Saving time, money: Education center holds DSST/CLEP-a-thon [Image 1 of 3], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Neil Harris has provided his assessment of Millwall's progress as they approach the quarter-way mark of the Championship season – describing their level of performance as “top drawer”.
The Lions have played 11 of their 46 matches and are 14th in the table with 13 points in the bag.
“Looking back now I would say we are a point off where we would really like to have been,” said Harris. “You can look at various places we have dropped results that we should have got more.
“But you can't change that. It's all about continuing to build standards. If you look at the standards of the players and performances they have been top, top drawer.
“I couldn't have asked for much more. If you broke down our games into halves then we have had 22 halves and I'd say 18 or19 are really good ones from us a group.
“You can be reactive from Saturday [a 3-1 loss to Barnsley] and say we have been done by a suckerpunch for a couple of goals. We should be doing better against Barnsley, one of our competitors – we shouldn't be losing that game at home. But we have to look at the bigger picture.
“You take those two halves out of it and the first half at Wolves. Even QPR away, we lost a two-goal lead – but what an outstanding performance it was in the first half. The second half was backs to the wall [after Lee Gregory was sent off] but we had to battle to get a point.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASTLE ROCK, Colo. - Sex parties hosted in one of the Denver area's nicest communities are angering neighbors who say it's time to take action.
Residents on Avery Way in Castle Rock say organized sex parties at one home are causing parking problems and noise, but they are most concerned with the sexual nature of the events and any exposure to children, according to KDVR.
One neighbor, who declined to provide her full identity, said she received a copy of a party invitation from an anonymous person who is concerned about the events.
It shows 400 guests were invited with 87 people, including 35 couples, sending a 'yes' RSVP.
"I think it is disgusting," she said.
The invitation references the 'Thunderstorm Play Palace' and boasts a 7,500-square-foot dwelling with every amenity, including alcohol, food (complete with a vegetarian menu) and chocolate fountain.
The risque invitation also advises guests to bring their own condoms and show respect for the "new furniture."
The neighbor described guests as being from all walks of life.
"Some of them are so old that they struggled walking up the stairs," the neighbor told KDVR.
She adds the attendees even brought their own festive refreshments.
"(One) had four crockpots showing up like they're going to a Bunko party or something," the neighbor said.
The invitation showed donations are taken at the door, $70 for couples and single men and $20 for women.
The party organizer does not want to reveal his identity but said he is the victim in the controversy.
"There was significant harassment so far I've received from the neighbors," he told KDVR.
He said neighbors tried to block his driveway with trash cans and a guest's car was keyed, resulting in expensive damage.
The party organizer, who is a father and husband, said he understands his neighbors' concerns and has made efforts to conceal anything that might be offensive.
"There are no open areas you can see outside to have the children or anyone sees what they don't want to see," he said.
He said he has also installed sound-proofing in the home with close attention paid to the basement windows.
Still, neighbors say they can hear disturbing sounds coming from the home, sounds they don't want their children exposed to.
"You can hear people doing what they're doing," one resident said.
The Castle Rock Police Department said it is working with the neighborhood HOA and city officials to investigate the issue, but the party organizer is not breaking the law because he is only taking donations and the events are contained to the privacy of his home.
A football game in Limassol was interrupted for close to two hours on Monday evening after clashes between rival fans, which followed the injury of a ball boy by a firecracker.
The game between Limassol's AEL and Nicosia side Apoel was initially interrupted in the 39th minute after visiting fans hurled a fire cracker, which injured a ball boy. The score was 0-0.
The youth, reportedly belonging to AEL's under-15 football team, was rushed to hospital but his condition was not immediately known.
The injury was followed by a rain of fire crackers and missiles hurled by Apoel supporters onto the pitch forcing match official Demetris Mashias to interrupt the game and head for the dressing rooms.
The game restarted 30 minutes later but was almost immediately interrupted again when rival fans invaded the ground and clashed on the track behind the south goal for a few minutes amid a cloud of smoke from flares.
They dispersed after riot police intervened.
Mashias and the players returned to the dressing rooms for a second time with everyone expecting that it would be abandoned.
However, after over an hour, the game restarted, with most fans having already left. The second half is currently underway.
From getting dropped off by your parents for our first date to long distance during college and now traveling the world with ya! I can't wait to have many more adventures with you on this incredible journey! Love ya Fran and can't wait to marry you!
A post shared by Smylie Kaufman (@smyliekaufman10) on Aug 12, 2017 at 3:14pm PDT
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shameless former BHS tycoon Sir Philip Green has been caught on camera spraying hundreds of pounds worth of champagne around a luxury beach bar.
Green sold BHS in 2015, a year before the firm collapsed, putting 11,000 people out of work and their pensions in jeopardy.
And his Arcadia group is facing court from BHS' liquidators, in a new lawsuit filed yesterday.
But Green was apparently in a bubbly mood last week, as he partied in Nammos, an exclusive beach bar on the Greek island of Mykonos.
The venue, a favourite haunt of Leonardo DiCaprio, Mariah Carey and Kendall Jenner, sells Champagne for up to €120,000 a bottle.
(Image: sarah_nazari1/Instagram)
But the bubbly being sprayed around by Green appears to be Veuve Cliquot, which at around €120 is reportedly referred to in the bar as “spraying champagne.”
In the video, the millionaire is shown wearing a baseball cap and white T-shirt, with a large group of guests.
After being soaked by another guest, he picks up a bottle and gets his own back, spraying the costly bubbly at a pal.
Dozens of empty bottles and boxes of Veuve can be seen piling up at the feet of youngsters in Green's group danced on the tables.
(Image: sarah_nazari1/Instagram)
(Image: sarah_nazari1/Instagram)
(Image: sarah_nazari1/Instagram)
One onlooker told the Times: “You couldn't be in this club if you aren't rich, so he wasn't impressing anyone. He just looked like a sad old man trying to play with the pretty people.”
Last week, Green was spotted getting cosy with a group of swimwear-clad beauties on one of the sandy beaches on the sweltering Greek island, where he is holidaying on his £15 million yacht.
The billionaire, 65, was pictured on Psarou beach, holding court and dishing out kisses before his wife Tina, 66, intervened and guided him away with a firm hand on his back.
The couple were relaxing with friends when Sir Philip was spotted getting to know the bevy of beauties as he stood by the water's edge.
It's Chiyaan Vikram's birthday today and what better gift can be presented than a brand-new teaser of his next, Dhruva Natchathiram. The film is a spy thriller helmed by Gautham Vasudev Menon. It will star Vikram in the role of a secret agent and also stars actress Ritu Varma in a key role.
The teaser features Vikram in a dapper avatar. This is the second teaser of the film and it takes off exactly from where the first one ended. John (Vikram) lands in Delhi from US. The film is said to be made on the lines of Hollywood's popular Bourne series.
In his last outing, Vikram was seen sporting a thick beard for Tamil actioner Irumugan, but has now undergone a makeover for Gautham Vasudev Menon's upcoming spy-thriller Dhruva Natchathiram. He is seen in salt-and-pepper look in the film.
“For most part of the film, he will be seen in a salt-and-pepper getup. There might be some flashback portions where he will be required to look younger. The film's shoot will commence later this week in Coonoor,” a source from the film's unit told IANS.
Tipped to be a high-octane action-thriller, the film has been shot on an international scale.
Catch the teaser of Dhruva Natchathiram here:
The project was officially announced with Suriya a few years ago. After he walked out of the film for reasons unknown.
Also, R. Parthiepan has landed an important role in the spy thriller. However, he won't be playing an antagonist.
“He has been signed on for an important role. The rumours that he plays the prime antagonist are baseless because he isn't. Gautham has given him an interesting role and audiences are in for a surprise,” a source from the film's unit told IANS.
Produced by Ondraga Entertainment along with another leading production house, Dhruva Natchathiram is expected to release in August. Music has been composed by Harris Jayaraj.
Test your knowledge of Scotland's cities and towns by trying to identify each one from these old photographs.
As a hint, each place is home to a Johnston Press newspaper title.
HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. — Grant Riller scored 24 points, Jarrell Brantley poured in 23 more, including the winning layup, and Charleston edged Hofstra 86-85 on Saturday night to take sole possession of first place in the Colonial Athletic Association.
Trailing by a point after Hofstra's Justin Wright-Foreman sank a 3-pointer with 18 seconds left, Charleston (18-6, 9-3) took the ball down the right side of the court and got it inside to Brantley, who dribbled twice to his right before breaking left to drop in the winning bucket with three seconds remaining.
Joe Chealey added 19 points and Nick Harris had 10 for Charleston, which shot 57 per cent and got 18 assists on its 30 baskets to pick up its sixth straight win.
Wright-Foreman finished with 24 points to lead Hofstra (14-10, 7-5), Eli Pemberton added 20, Jalen Ray got 11 and Kenny Wormley 10.
‘Sit down with Donna and Lee, on the 1st and 3rd Wednesday of each month from 12-1pm CST for a down to earth talk without sugar coating the truth. They share with their listeners why they stand up fighting for the causes they do. So grab your lunch, a cup of Joe and kick back with this amazing duo this lunch hour. “Two Nanas at Noon” promises to keep it real.'
Advocates United for Humanity invites you to join their founders Donna Kshir and Lee Roberts as they bring you a real talk on ‘Two Nanas at Noon' the 1st and 3rd Wednesday of each month at 12 – 1 pm CST via Your Voice Radio Network.
Kshir and Roberts share from the heart without sugar coating the truth. They bring you a real talk approach on world events that affect us all on one level or another often pervading the lives of those we love. These events often alter our communities and relationships forever in profound ways. Their topics will include, but are not limited to: Child and Animal Abuse Awareness, Deaf and Disability Rights, Homelessness, Missing Persons and Survivor Wellness.
They will also host surprise guest interviews beginning March 2017 and share their favorite book reviews. This dynamic duo are on the front lines working to end abuse and violence across the Globe.
Listen to Two Nanas at Noon LIVE.
Advocates United for Humanity is a support group that provides vital resources to those in need. If you would like to be a guest on one of our special segment shows please contact us at: [email protected] , or visit their website to learn more about this amazing team, shows, events or to listen to podcasts.
Hosts are actively working to provide PDF transcripts for the Deaf/HOH community so they may have access to their shows & will have them available as soon as possible.
WATERLOO REGION — As candidates make their final push for voter support ahead of the June 7 election, one riding in Waterloo Region is a blank slate awaiting its first incumbent.
Kitchener South-Hespeler was formed three years ago for the 2015 federal election and will be contested for the first time at the provincial level this year.
According to Elections Ontario, six people have put their name forward to become the first MPP of the new riding, home to 105,309 people. The 107-square-kilometre riding is bordered by Townline Road in Cambridge to the east, Fischer-Hallman Road in Kitchener to the west, Highway 401 and New Dundee Road to the south, and Conestoga Parkway, Highway 8, Fairway Road and Kossuth Drive to the north.
The new riding includes areas that were formerly part of Kitchener-Conestoga (won by PC Michael Harris in the last election) and Cambridge (won by Liberal Kathryn McGarry). The federal riding of Kitchener South-Hespeler was won by Liberal Marwan Tabbara in 2015.
The main candidates for the June 7 election are (in alphabetical order):
•Progressive Conservative Amy Fee: A former Waterloo Catholic District School Board trustee for Kitchener-Wilmot, Fee is also board chair for Bridges To Belonging Waterloo Region, which supports people with disabilities. Before moving to Waterloo Region in 2009, the mother of four worked in Toronto, Regina and Vancouver as a broadcast news anchor and sports reporter.
•Liberal Surekha Shenoy: A resident of Waterloo Region since 1995, Shenoy earned an MBA in finance and operations from Wilfrid Laurier University. She lives in Cambridge with her husband and their two daughters. She is past chair of the Cambridge Memorial Hospital Foundation, and a volunteer with Youth on Board Mentoring, the East Indian Community Walkathon of Waterloo Region, and the Trinity Community Table soup kitchen.
•NDP Fitzroy Vanderpool: The former professional boxer known as "Fitz The Whip" moved to Kitchener from Trinidad and Tobago with his family in 1972. He held multiple national and international boxing titles before starting a local boxing academy in Waterloo in 2003. He officially retired in 2014 and is a community speaker on topics that include youth bullying and fire safety. He was awarded the Canada 150 Sesquicentennial Award and is in the Waterloo County Hall of Fame.
•Green Party David Weber: Born and raised in the community, Weber has served Waterloo Region as a police officer for 30 years. He first ran for the Green Party in the 2014 provincial election in Kitchener-Conestoga and finished fourth, with 3,319 votes. He also ran for the Greens in Kitchener South-Hespeler in the 2015 federal election, finishing fourth with 1,767 votes.
Other candidates include Libertarian Nathan Andre Lajeunesse and Independent Narine Sookram.
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) - The Cyprus Cooperative Bank says it's looking for investors to buy up the lender either in whole or in part.
The bank said Monday it has appointed Citigroup Global Markets to look for investors as part of its strategic plan.
The deadline for expressions of interest is March 29.
The bank is 77-percent state-owned and is the leader in the amount of deposits held by Cypriots.
But it's weighed down by bad loans - more than 58 percent of the total.
That was a consequence of a 2013 banking crisis that forced Cyprus to accept a rescue deal that included a seizure of unsecured deposits in the country's two largest lenders.
Finance Minister Harris Georgiades said the move would help rebuild confidence and credibility in the bank.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A medical student claims she saw saw Starbucks staff throwing out a homeless man who had been in the queue.
Eleanor Wilson was sitting with friends near the door of the cafe in the west end of Glasgow when she saw the alleged incident.
Eleanor Wilson, a fourth-year at Glasgow University , said: “I saw the guy come in and staff noticed right away.
"I have a bit of background working with homeless people through my role as a medical student and I've seen the discrimination they experience, so I took note of the fact that he had been clocked and I was primed for something to happen.
“I heard one say ‘is he even going to buy something?' - they were trying to figure out if he was being a pest, but as far as I could see he had just joined the queue.
(Image: Google Street View)
"He was taking to the people around him but didn't seem to be causing any bother.
“Then two members of staff pulled him out of the queue and asked him to leave the premises - the guy was understandably quite upset so there was a bit of a dispute, but it only lasted 10 seconds and then he left.”
After complaining to staff, Eleanor and the group left too - but not content with the response they received, they made the issue public on social media, reports Glasgow Live .
Her Facebook post has almost 500 reactions - but it was a tweet by her partner, Giancarlo Bell, that was noticed by Glasgow North East MP Paul Sweeney.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
As a result, the incident was raised at Westminster today, as part of a debate on homelessness - the students also received replies from MSP Patrick Harvie and other politicians calling on Starbucks to respond.
A spokesman for Starbucks UK responded today that the man is known to staff at the Byres Road branch.
Kathryn Stewart, district manager for Starbucks UK, said: “Our store managers work hard each day to create a warm and welcoming place for customers to visit us.
(Image: DAILY RECORD)
"There are a small number of occasions when action is needed to protect the safety of our customers and store teams. In long-running cases such as this, we work closely with the police.
"This store team continue to contribute to initiatives supporting the local homeless community on a regular basis.”
Starbucks says it will close more than 8,000 US stores for several hours next month to conduct racial-bias training to its nearly 175,000 workers.
The announcement comes after two black men were arrested in a Philadelphia Starbucks store, sparking protests and calls for a boycott on social media.
Starbucks says the stores will be closed on the afternoon on May 29. Its corporate offices will also be closed at that time.
CAYO SANTIAGO, Puerto Rico - As thousands of troops and government workers struggle to restore normal life to Puerto Rico, a small group of scientists is racing to save more than 1,000 monkeys whose brains may contain clues to mysteries of the human mind.
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory Sept. 20 was Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow — brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet.
"All of our tools were destroyed," said Angelina Ruiz Lambides, the director of the Cayo Santiago facility. "Does FEMA cover this? Does the university's insurance cover this? I don't know."
Incredibly, as far as the scientists can tell so far, the monkeys survived the direct hit from the hurricane, perhaps by seeking high ground and clustering together at the base of trees.
No bodies have been found and a census is not detecting large numbers of missing macaques.
The island's history as a research centre dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. Clarence Ray Carpenter wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild.
Since then the 400 or so macaques have reproduced and expanded their numbers, becoming the world's most studied free-ranging primate population and something of a living library.
Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. About 100 have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed.
NRA Signals Openness to Gun Removal Laws — With Conditions
Lately, the NRA has relied heavily on videos to communicate with the public and its supporters, and video is how it announced its position on legislation to temporarily remove guns from people thought to pose a threat.
"We need to stop dangerous people before they act," says Chris W. Cox, executive director of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action. "So Congress should provide funding to states to adopt risk protection orders."
On the surface, this is good news for gun control groups, which have been campaigning for such laws in states around the country. They say this kind of law might have allowed an early intervention to stop the troubled young man who killed 17 people in Parkland, Fla., last month.
Gun control groups have assumed the NRA opposes such laws, which are often referred to generically as "red flag laws."
"The NRA has put out press releases about red flag laws calling them 'Firearms Surrender Bills,' which is completely inaccurate and incendiary rhetoric," says Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action, affiliated with Everytown for Gun Safety.
So if the NRA now supports such bills, it would represent a big change. But Watts is skeptical.
"I suspect this is an attempt by the NRA to look moderate, but the devil's in the details," Watts says. She says the test is whether the NRA will continue to work against state red flag bills.
The NRA wouldn't give NPR an interview about its plans, but one of its representatives in Florida was quoted in the Tampa Bay Times last month saying the group would not support a version of red flag legislation there, "until we see it has sufficient protections."
And that appears to be the sticking point. The NRA's support for red flag laws comes with the condition that there be high legal thresholds for temporary gun removals — higher than most gun control activists are calling for.
About a day after it posted the video, negative reactions from supporters of gun rights forced the NRA to add a clarifying note, saying it did not support the kind of red flag laws that have already passed in other states. In 2014, California passed legislation allowing family members to ask judges to temporarily remove guns from a person who appears to pose a threat; in 2016, voters in Washington state approved a similar law.
"The NRA strongly opposed these laws because they do not protect due process rights. We will continue to oppose confiscation schemes such as these," the group wrote on its YouTube page.
The note goes on to say that red flag laws should "require the judge to make a determination of whether the person meets the state standard for involuntary commitment," and the removal of a gun must be accompanied by mental health treatment.
Dr. Garen Wintemute, director of the University of California Firearm Violence Prevention Research Center and a proponent of red flag laws, says that condition goes too far.
"The requirement for mental health treatment is inappropriate, because 1) these orders don't necessarily involve mental health problems," Wintemute wrote in an email to NPR, "and 2) when they do, the requirement for treatment should be determined by a mental health professional—remember that the judge won't have such information in the vast majority of cases."
Still, Wintemute believes the NRA's willingness to entertain the possibility of red flag laws is a positive development.
"I see this as a welcome instance of convergence in support of a focused, effective intervention and am I looking forward to more such convergences," Wintemute writes.
By JEN CARDINES
STAFF WRITER
Southington had an extra day in 2016, and the town needed it. Over the past 366 days, Southington saw a remarkable number of changes, news stories, and personal achievements covering a whole range of headlines from education, religion, and community to the environment, business, and politics.
A new multipurpose building was constructed for Bread for Life, the downtown area was recognized for continual growth, plans for the Greenway Commons and Cranberry Cove sites were approved, and the Gura Building officially opened its new doors to host Southington Community Cultural Arts (SoCCA).
Education
Southington Public Schools (SPS) had a busy year. Students from the high school DECA program received a handful of awards at a state conference in March, while students from Kennedy and DePaolo middle schools took home three top STEM awards at the state level in May for tackling issues of pollution, road safety, and substance abuse.
The Southington Transitional Education in Life Learning and Adult Responsibilities (STELLAR) program found a new home at Lincoln College this fall, which proved to be a great fit for the students and staff.
After long days in the classroom, many students took part in music and theater productions in various schools across the district. The SHS marching band had a record breaking season this fall with their “Rise of the Machine” routine, finishing in third place at the national competition.
Religion
History was made in Southington's religious communities on multiple occasions this year. The Gishrei Shalom Jewish Congregation dedicated a Holocaust Torah in September that they obtained and restored over the last four years. The sacred scroll from World War II is now used during services and studies.
With a proclamation from the town in late November, Southington became the first community on the east coast to recognize a series of attacks against Sikh people in India in 1984. The Sikh genocide was a holocaust, which was recognized by officials in the proclamation statement.
Community
Southington UNICO named their first female president, Rev. Victoria Triano.
The American Legion Kiltonic Post 72 got a visit from Southington Ohio's American Legion Post 751 in September and the similarities among the two towns came by the dozen. The Ohio town is the only other Southington in America.
On Thursday, Oct. 13, Southington's municipal building was officially renamed the John Weichsel Municipal Center to commemorate the late Town Manager.
Entertainment was alive and well in Southington throughout 2016. The summer was filled with another successful season at the drive-in and with Music on the Green. Annual events such as the Italian-American and Apple Harvest Festivals drew crowds to the downtown area for food, rides, live music, and more. This year, the town even saw White Christmas in the Community for the first time, a combination of celebrations in downtown Plantsville and Southington.
The Southington Community Cultural Arts center was unveiled in the Gura Building during a soft opening in late July. Renovations were completed this summer with a hard opening during the Apple Harvest Festival.
In 2016, local and national celebrities paid a visit to the Southington community. Critically acclaimed best-selling author Anita Diamant came to the Aqua Turf to discuss her books with local fans. Marissa Perry, who played the lead role in Hairspray on Broadway, came to town to teach an authentic dance routine. Radio sensation alternative band The X-Ambassadors went bowling with fans at the Crystal Bees. To add the grand list, Southington resident Kimberly Beaudoin became Mrs. USA Universal, the top honor in the national pageant.
Mark Wahlberg sighting were reported at Nardelli's Grinder Shoppe on Queen Street, causing a buzz in local chatrooms.
A new ordinance became effective in November regarding trash pick-up times after the Town Council received complaints about the nuisance of 3 a.m. collection times. Trash can no longer be picked up at Southington residences before 5 a.m. unless there's an impending storm or other crisis.
Environment
The town boards and commissions worked tirelessly to maintain structure in Southington
throughout the year. No matter the circumstances, the town as a whole managed each situation with the best interest of the residents in mind. The summer drought brought on water restrictions for several months as members of the Water Department closely monitored the Quinnipiac River and wells across town. The Planning and Zoning Commission (PZC) motioned to dismantle the Quinnipiac River dam behind the old Clark Brothers factory in order to preserve aquatic life and bring hope for canoe and kayaking passages.
It wasn't without difficulties. Right as summer was coming to a close, breaking news hit Southington at Light Metals Coloring on Spring Street. On Wednesday, Aug. 24, hexavalent chromium spilled down the Light Metals drain pipes into the driveway until it reached the Quinnipiac River. With numerous departments and officials on scene, the town handled the crisis and got everything back to normal. Town Manager Garry Brumback said that state and local parties involved in the clean-up acted with great efficiency to ensure the town's safety.
Southington's government launched an informational campaign throughout the year that culminated with a successful referendum in November to update the local water pollution control facility.
Town officials created videos, offered tours, and opened discussion about a proposal to appropriate $57,100,000—reduced by national and state grants, and helped by low-interest green loans—for much-needed improvements to the facility.
Construction will begin to update the facility, add measures to control phosphorus, and move the ultraviolet treatment center out of the flood plain.
Business
Just as downtown Southington and Plantsville were championed for their booming business scenes, every corner of this town saw development. Queen Street has minimal vacancies, a new multi-sport complex was approved for construction, the Calendar House senior center plans were approved, and the Economic Development Strike Committee has their hands full with many other projects in store.
Capital projects were in full swing. As the fall kicked into high gear, state representatives swept into town with a $5 million grant from the state to relieve the tax burden for the Calendar House building project. Plans were approved in the early fall, and construction is expected to begin in the spring.
Bread for Life announced a new facility on Vermont Avenue, aided by state grants. Construction blossomed in the summer and fall. Officials were hoping to schedule the grand opening before the holidays. They did manage to secure the certificate of occupancy from local officials but have scheduled the grand opening of the new soup kitchen facility in early January.
Politics
The November election dominated the summer and fall headlines.
Southington even got visits from state officials on various occasions. Lieutenant Governor Nancy Wyman, U.S. Representative John Larson, and Senator Richard Blumenthal were all here to champion different programs and businesses throughout this election year. Presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were in our radius when they came to Hartford on their campaign trails.
The election season turned out to be a real head-turner in town. Southington voters scored their biggest turnout on Nov. 8 with Republicans coming out in droves. Republicans dominated the local polls, regaining local seats and winning elections locally even if Democrats took the state or regional race.
Voters appointed State Rep. John Fusco (R-Southington) to the 81st district of the General Assembly. Rep. Joe Aresimowicz (D-Berlin-Southington) regained his seat and became the first Southington representative in over 100 years to be named as Connecticut's Speaker of the House.
Looking forward, 2017 promises more to come in Southington as more projects break down and the town turns its attention toward the local elections next fall.
To comment on this story or to contact staff writer Jen Cardines, email her at JCardines@SouthingtonObserver.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police stinger was thrown across the road during a dramatic police chase, caught on the dashcam of a passing car.
The incredible footage shows a policeman appear on the pavement and chuck the large spike strip across the road.
Seconds later the speeding blue Audi A3 zooms through and appears to drive straight over it, puncturing the tyres.
The stinger is then quickly pulled back as both unmarked and marked police vehicles continue the pursuit.
It happened in Newton, Greater Manchester, on Monday lunchtime, according to the Manchester Evening News .
The chase was eventually brought to an end just over a mile away in Dukinfield.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
Photos shared on social media showed multiple police cars at the scene near to a Morrisons petrol station.
Mark Alexander, who works for Tameside Taxis, captured the pursuit on his dashcam.
Witnesses also report seeing the police helicopter out in the Tameside area.
A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police confirmed the pursuit began in Stalybridge.
They said at around midday on Monday, officers received reports of a car being driven ‘erratically' in the town centre.
When patrols responded, they spotted a blue Audi A3 that had been reported stolen from an address in Stalybridge the day before.
(Image: James Garrigan/MEN Media)
(Image: James Garrigan/MEN Media)
The driver of the vehicle failed to stop, and officers gave chase.
A 26-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident.
The spokesman said: “At around 12pm on April 23, police received a report that a car was being driven erratically in Stalybridge town centre.
“Officers attended and spotted a blue Audi A3 that was reported as stolen from an address in Stalybridge on April 22.
“A police pursuit ensued with assistance from the police helicopter.
“After a stinger was deployed, the car was brought to a stop.
“A 26-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident and remains in custody for questioning.”
© Judith Thomandl / Global Look Press
School-issued computer devices - provided to one-third of school children across the US - collect excessive amounts of highly sensitive personal data on the students without parental consent or even prior notice, a new study finds., according to a new report by Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), dubbed 'Spying on Students' - the result of a two-year study.The surveillance comes under the guise of." Roughly one-third of primary and secondary education (K-12) students have received various electronic devices. Many tech companies provide electronic devices for free or a steeply reduced fee, as they seek their share in the $8 billion education technology (ed-tech) market.Ed-tech, however, can be described asaccording to the report, as the devices use apps and software which collect highly sensitive personal information, including names, dates of birth, browsing history and location data of children. Providers of ed-tech services, however, often fail to protect sensitive data.The researchers "investigated the 152 ed tech services reported as in use in classrooms, and found troubling trends in their privacy policies regarding lack of encryption, opaque data retention practices, and inadequate data aggregation and de-identification." Only 118 of them had published privacy policies, while some sort of encryption was mentioned in only 46 of them, and de-identification or aggregation of user data was mentioned in 51. De-identification - the prevention of linking a person's identity with information - was almost exclusively mentioned in connection with providing information to third parties about their services, according to the report.The potentially dangerous devices are also often distributed without parental consent or notice."We were given no information about our first-grader receiving a device - a tablet - this year. And when we ask questions, there is little information given at every level," the report quoted parents from Maryland as saying.Teachers and school officials are also obliged to use the school-issued devices, often without their consent as well."Staff and student details - that is, full names and school email addresses - were passed to Google to create individual logins without consent from staff. I'm not sure about consent from parents," a teacher wrote on social media, according to the report.Parents who expressed privacy concerns were often not able to opt out of the programs, as the authorities for some reasons protected interests of ed-tech providers instead of users. For example, when a California teacher allowed a schoolgirl to use her own device instead of a school-issued deviceaccording to the report."While schools are eagerly embracing digital devices and services in the classroom - and ed tech vendors are racing to meet the demand - student privacy is not receiving the attention it deserves," the study concluded. "Meaningful improvements in student data protection will require changes in state and federal law, in school and district priorities, and in ed tech company policies and practices."
How pubs should be serving their beer
Police at the scene of Wickford shooting and stab
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The mother of a four-year-old girl who died in an alleged hit-and-run paid a heartfelt tribute as she carried her daughter's tiny Troll-themed coffin at her funeral.
Rebecca Youens carried her daughter Violet-Grace Youens' coffin, decorated with colourful trolls, with her husband Glenn, at her memorial service in St Helens, Merseyside.
As dozens of mourners arrived wearing the colour violet to honour the little girl, Glenn wore a violet tie while Rebecca wore a violet-coloured dress and had dyed her hair the same colour, Liverpool Echo reports.
Violet-Grace's coffin arrived by horse drawn carriage and was carried into the church, where she had been baptised, to the sound of True Colours, taken from the children's film Trolls and sung by actors Anna Kendrick and Justin Timberlake.
Children at the fairytale-inspired service wore superhero and fancy dress costumes to honour the child, who "won the affection of those she met and stirred the hearts of many more."
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Violet-Grace died in an alleged hit-and-run when crossing Prescot Road, St Helens, with her grandmother on March 24. She died in her mother's arms in hospital days after the incident in St Helens, Merseyside.
Angela French, grandmother to Violet-Grace, made a brave visit to the funeral of her granddaughter in a wheelchair after being cared for in hospital since the crash.
She had violet covered blankets covering her legs in tribute to the youngster.
Mourners were told to wear violet for the service at St Julie's Church in Eccleston, St Helens, and many youngsters wore superhero costumes for the ceremony.
Parish priest Canon Thomas Neylon told the congregation how little Violet-Grace had played an angel in the Eccleston Mere Nursery nativity last Christmas. Her funeral was held at the same church where her parents got married.
Violet coloured ties, fur jackets and dresses were worn to the service. A young boy arrived wearing a Captain America costume, while another youngster entered the church in a violet coloured princess dress.
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Violet's name in flowers was put on top of a horse-drawn carriage with messages attached "our lovely daughter" and "my big sister".
A floral tribute from Violet's nan was left in the back of the hearse with a touching message.
The eulogy to Violet-Grace was read by her mum and dad, and aunt Charlotte, before the service ended with a version of Oh Cecilia, by The Vamps.
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
One of the undertakers who was leading the horses said it was an incredibly sad situation for the family to have gone through.
"You wouldn't be human if you didn't have a lump in your throat," he said.
Songs from the films Trolls, Labyrinth and Frozen were included in the funeral service.
The order of service, handed to those entering the church, was a colourful 12 page tribute to Violet-Grace that contained more than 50 pictures showcasing the magic she brought to those who loved her, as well as images of characters from Trolls and Frozen.
A message on the order of service said: "Violet-Grace's family would like to thank everyone for their love and kindness in this tragic time."
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
A party to celebrate her life was due to be held after the funeral, with bouncy castles, face painting, princesses and superheroes.
In a homily, parish priest Canon Thomas Neylon said: "This year we have accompanied Violet and her family during Lent in their difficult journey as they face the loss of a beautiful daughter, sister to Oliver, a granddaughter and niece.
"She won the affection of those she came into contact with during her short life and has stirred the hearts of many more who have heard of her because of her death."
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
After her death, the family said the donation of Violet-Grace's organs had saved two other lives.
In a message on her Facebook page, Mrs Youens said: "My brave baby girl saved two lives by donating her kidneys and pancreas.
"I am truly heartbroken but proud of my little fighter."
Aidan McAteer, 23, has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving, causing serious injury by dangerous driving and stealing a car.
He is due to appear at a preliminary hearing at Liverpool Crown Court on April 26 along with Dean Brennan, 27, who is charged with assisting an offender, theft of a motor vehicle and the aggravating offence of allowing oneself to be carried within a stolen vehicle.
China Says It Will Shut Down Its Ivory Trade in 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Senosi/AP Khalil Senosi/AP
Almost a million elephants roamed Africa 25 years ago. Assessments of their population now vary, but suggest there are fewer than half that many. The main reason for the decline is ivory. Despite a 1989 ban on ivory trade, poachers continue to kill elephants for their tusks.
Now China, the destination for most of that ivory, has announced it will shut down its domestic ivory market.
Wildlife experts had thought that the international ban on ivory trade would slow or even stop the killing of elephants for their tusks. It didn't...in fact the killing got worse. That's mostly because the ban didn't cover OLDER ivory, that is, ivory taken from elephants BEFORE the 1989 ban. So people are still killing elephants but passing off their ivory as old, and therefore legal to trade.
John Robinson, with the Wildlife Conservation Society, says efforts to stop the supply of ivory at the source, in Africa, have not been very successful. "Addressing the demand is absolutely essential if we are going to deal with the poaching issues," he says.
And the biggest source of demand for ivory has been China. "Almost all the ivory is for carving," says Robinson. "China has had a history of doing so. Whole tusks are carved into elaborately assembled pieces of one kind or another."
Now China has agreed to close down that legal trade by the end of 2017. Robinson says it's an announcement conservationists have been waiting for since 2015, when U.S. and Chinese officials started negotiating an end to China's trade. "Certainly closing down domestic ivory in China will have a dramatic impact," says Robinson. "The Chinese market is the largest ivory market in the world." Says conservation expert Elly Pepper at the Natural Resources Defense Council: "It's a game changer and could be the pivotal turning point that brings elephants back from the brink of extinction."
The Chinese government has laid out an extensive plan that includes putting ivory carvers to work on existing museum pieces or other projects. The government says it will also educate the public on the consequences of ivory trading for elephant populations.
The Obama administration already has shut down almost all trade in ivory in the U.S., and several states have their own bans.
Robinson says the Chinese decision may help convince other countries that trade in ivory, such as Vietnam, the United Kingdom and Japan, to do the same.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stokes Croft – it's a cultural hub, it's a blight on the city, it's a state of mind.
Mostly it's a road, although some people refer to it as an area. Sandwiched between St Paul's and Kingsdown, the street is 0.3 miles long heading north out of the city centre – but talk to people who live and work there and you will hear many different definitions.
To some it is utopia, a haven for art and free expression – an open, colourful, accepting place, the city's cultural quarter where people are allowed to live their lives, however unconventional, without judgement.
Others have a dimmer view. A glance through the comments on our previous stories about the area shows many readers still see Stokes Croft as a graffiti-covered dive, rife with drugs, crime and hipsters.
We spoke to people who live and work in Stokes Croft – watch the video above to hear their views on the area.
(Image: (C) James Beck 2018)
The truth is, it is a microcosm. While undeniably a unique part of the city, the issues playing out up and down this 500m stretch of road are the same ones affecting most of Bristol.
Is it a road or an area of Bristol? Stokes Croft has become the local name for the surrounding area but really it is just one road. Stokes Croft runs from the Bearpit (or St James Barton roundabout as its officially known) to the junction of Ashley Road. It is about 505m long and forms the boundary between the Central and Ashley wards of the city. It is lined with shops, restaurants and bars and is a popular nightspot and tourist area. Stokes Croft is best known for its street art, including early examples of Banksy's work.
Homelessness
Most night, homeless people can be seen bedding down in the underpasses which link Stokes Croft to the Bearpit. The issue of anti-social behaviour there has been in the news recently with businesses in the Bearpit saying crime and drug abuse are rife.
The space is also an outdoor gallery with ever-changing displays of art and political messages adorning the walls.
(Image: (C) James Beck 2018)
Halfway up Stokes Croft is the patch of grass affectionately known as ‘Turbo Island' (after the super strength cider). Turbo Island is part of the soul, some say the very fabric, of Stokes Croft.
The area has turned into a landmark with groups of street drinkers gathered there to pass the time of day.
The islanders rarely bother passers-by and have become a fixture in the area – over the years this patch of grass has seen campsites, impromptu gigs and even a full scale rave last year. That being said, things do get out of hand and the police are regular visitors to the area.
Gentrification
Ten years ago, Stokes Croft was run-down with shuttered shops and businesses, an overlooked part of town where graffiti artists practiced their skills on the walls of abandoned buildings.
Since then the area has undergone a renaissance, it is now known as a creative centre and the street art, once called vandalism, has started to draw crowds on Banksy walking tours.
As a result, Stokes Croft has seen rising property prices, and an influx of students and young professionals attracted by the hip, arty cafes and shops.
(Image: (C) James Beck 2018)
While this is great for residents in some respects, many worries that the influx of hipsters will change the area irreparably.
The riots surrounding the 2011 opening of a new branch of Tesco is the most obvious example, but the problem ilingers. Recently the argument has crystallised around the redevelopment of the Carriageworks – a derelict site which used to be a traveller camp – into upmarket flats.
Hamilton House, the home of the Canteen, the best-known of Stokes Croft's many bars, is also in the middle of its own gentrification battle .
As the squats develop into pricey loft conversions, the locals worry about the area losing its edge, however the people we spoke to seemed to think that the area had still retained its rough charm.
(Image: (C) James Beck 2018)
The hip chain MEATliquor opened a restaurant in Stokes Croft, complete with exposed brickwork and carefully placed graffiti, in 2015. Two years later the branch suddenly closed citing ‘safety concerns' for their staff.
Crime
The recent BBC Three series Drugsland features lots of moody filler shots of Stokes Croft by night as the backdrop to a story about Class-A drug dealing taking place down a side street leading off the area dubbed Crack Alley.
There is no doubt that drugs use is high in Stokes Croft – several large venues nearby see revellers take to the streets every weekend, many of them using drugs.
(Image: (C) James Beck 2018)
While filming for this article, our cameraman happened to catch a man making what appeared to be a ‘dead drop' behind one of the traffic lights at the top of stokes croft.
While the area's reputation has improved markedly since the bad old days, violent crime is still a problem. The murder at a Stokes Croft nightclub in late December was a stark reminder that there is still a dangerous side to Stokes Croft.
History
Stokes Croft has always been an anomaly in Bristol. Historically the land fell outside the city walls and hosted fairs, circuses and other frivolity that wouldn't be allowed in Bristol proper.
Most of the area was open field until the 1849s. Stokes Croft was long a place for open air entertainment. The famous/notorious St James's Fair took place on and around what's now the Bearpit until the Corporation closed it down in the 1830s.
There was a semi-permanent theatre here by the 1740s, much to the annoyance of the city's moral guardians, who regarded theatres as dens of vice. The Full Moon Inn was a popular venue for bare-knuckle fighting. Some of these bouts were between women.
The area at what is now the corner of Stokes Croft and Ashley Road was a crossroads on the edge of the city. When Tucketts Buildings, on the corner, was built in the 1890s a number of skeletons were dug up. This was said to have been because there was a gallows here where convicted criminals were hung. It is more likely that they were suicides, as it was customary to bury people who had taken their own lives at crossroads.
It was also the site for the first balloon ascent seen in Bristol (though not the first balloon to land)
In 1810 James Sadler, a famous pioneering balloonist, took off in a hydrogen balloon from Stokes Croft, accompanied by Bristol chemist William Clayfield, who was presumably along for the ride for helping produce the vast amount of hydrogen that was needed to get airborne. They used sulphuric acid and iron filings to produce the gas and were witnessed by almost the entire population of Bristol as well as surrounding villages.
From the air, Sadler dropped a cat on a parachute into the vast crowd which had turned out to watch the spectacle.
The cat landed safely and was adopted by a local doctor who, of course, named it Balloon. So even though the hapless moggy didn't have any say in the matter, Balloon the cat was thus technically the first Bristolian to make a parachute descent.
By the 1840s the area was being built on as part of the dramatic expansion of Bristol in Victorian times. The arrival of horse-drawn trams sees the Stokes Croft area becoming highly urbanised in less than two generations as Bristol extends rapidly northwards into the new suburbs of Bishopston and Horfield.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Fox 2 and KPLR 11 are honoring local heroes who dedicate their lives to saving others with our "Proud to Serve" award.
Tonight's recipient is Ferguson police officer, Greg Casem.
After serving in the military and meeting his wife, he moved to St. Louis. He's spent more than 30 years serving his community. Officer Casem and his "K-9" partner, Officer Aanak have seen the City of Ferguson through tough times. But it is the people of Ferguson who keep him loving his job.
Tonight, we honor Officer Casem with our ‘Proud to Serve' award of $250.00 from Imo`s Pizza and $500 from Art Van Furniture for his decades of service to the residents of Ferguson.
If you would like to nominate a deserving first responder, member of the military or veteran for our ‘Proud to Serve' award, just go to KPLR11.com.
More Videos 0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center Pause 0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service 2:52 Mark Kingston on Scout Day 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 3:15 Cyclist forgives driver who hit, almost paralyzed him 5:35 Dashcam video of pursuit of Robert Lee Clark, Jr. 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes" 1:29 Frank Martin: 'This university is not being investigated.' Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Here's what uptown Charlotte looks like from inside a NASCAR race car NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski drove through uptown Tuesday, and the Observer got to ride shotgun with him. NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski drove through uptown Tuesday, and the Observer got to ride shotgun with him. Brendan Marks bmarks@charlotteobserver.com
NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski drove through uptown Tuesday, and the Observer got to ride shotgun with him. Brendan Marks bmarks@charlotteobserver.com
Seven years in the making now, the 40 West Arts District in Lakewood is in the business of beautifying the West Colfax Avenue corridor. Like any art district, 40 West believes in the enriching aspects of integrating creativity with our everyday lives. That is why they've created a gathering space for artists and community members west of Sheridan that is a little more affordable and in need of some of the love it used to receive decades ago. But they aren't just sprucing the place up— they are dedicated to connecting the neighborhood through arts and culture activities and actively pursuing affordable and realistic options for everyone involved.
It started with Steve Burkholder, the Lakewood Mayor who in 2006 created a document with the help of a committee called the West Colfax Avenue Action Plan to revitalize the corridor. By 2011, a business improvement district (BID) and 40 West Arts became the hub for that effort, with a main gallery, 16 affordable artist studios and a vision of a renewed West Colfax. Now, they are one of 18 Colorado Creative Industry Certified Arts Districts and hold over 10 events each year.
The biggest endeavors they have accomplished are the district-wide First Friday Art Walks, the annual one-day MuralFest in August, and in 2018 the four-mile art-walk called the 40 West ArtLine. The future is looking like a welcoming place for 40 West, and with rising rent prices in Denver, more art galleries and artists are taking a good look at what the Lakewood district has to offer. This past year, two of Denver's critically-acclaimed art galleries made the move to Lakewood— Pirate: Contemporary Art and NEXT Gallery.
Just take a drive down West Colfax and you'll see murals dotting every other street, decorated bus stops, and a liveliness that has been absent since the days when it was the Gateway to the Rockies. Though 40 West Arts, the sister organizations, the BID and West Colfax Community Association are to thank for that, it really will be up to the community to make sure the district can sustain the improvements. The best way to do that is by attending any of the events that are planned for the district, or to visit one of the ever-expanding numbers of businesses and artist members who are shaping the destiny of West Colfax every day.
District-wide Art Walks
Three times a year 40 West Arts organizes a district-wide First Friday Art Walk in order to showcase experimental art styles and connect the separate galleries and creative community along the West Colfax corridor. These district-wide celebrations are easily experienced because all of the participating members are within a 1.5 mile area, or roughly 30 minutes walking. Not only are galleries and the artist studios open to the public, with free wine and beer, these Art Walks add a performance element to the typical First Friday experience, usually employing interactive elements into the spaces between the galleries or in the galleries themselves. This past year, the district-wide walks included a troupe of circus performers in June and an interactive performance group called the Bad Asstronauts in March.
On Friday, October 6, 40 West Arts will host its final district-wide First Friday Art Walk for the year. Contemporary dancers from Damage Dance will randomly integrate three to five-minute performances within participating art galleries. The hopes for this kind of collaboration is the dance breaks will enhance the art on the walls and vice versa.
MuralFest
Once every summer, 40 West and West Colfax Community Association host a mural painting festival, with live painting, art and vendor booths, food, drink and live music called MuralFest. Some of the murals that are painted in the Casa Bonita parking lot can be moved after the festival—using free-standing stanchion systems— in order to spread the artistic wealth the event fosters. The murals painted on moveable systems are transported to local businesses, who are able to purchase them at discounted rates and display them year-round on the exterior of their stores. This, in turn, helps revamp the entire area, especially because murals are an outstanding way to grab attention from passersby in cars, trains and buses.
About this push for murals to spread throughout the district, executive director Liz Black commented, “there are a lot of underutilized buildings on West Colfax, or buildings that haven't had as much love as they had in the decades prior. And folks close to the corridor really found mural art as a way to beautify the area and provide representation to the district. It gives a sense of place— you know you're in a certain area when you see a familiar piece of art.”
Aside from MuralFest, 40 West Arts dedicates a great deal of time and energy to connecting mural artists in the Denver area and beyond to local business owners and to finding available walls. A full list of murals painted along the West Colfax corridor and part of the 40 West Arts District, including pictures of the murals and information about the artists who painted them, can be found here.
ArtLine
The 40 West ArtLine is still in development stages, expected to announce “phase one completion” in June 2018. The concept, once implemented, will set it aside as a unique and remarkable art destination in the Denver area. It's simple and worthy of Denver's trending concepts— that is, you can walk or bike the entire four-mile route connecting three Lakewood parks while experiencing pieces of art and creativity along the way. Immersive, interactive, collaborative, these are the hot words in the contemporary art scene at the moment and there is a reason why they are popular. They invite everyday people to participate in art without buying it, which is something the art world has been snobby about doing for centuries.
Liz Black explained, “the idea behind the ArtLine is that it's this nexus between the outdoors and the art. So you can walk it, you can bike it, it's an opportunity to get exercise, but then along the route the vision is you'll be able to see both permanent large-scale sculptures and pop-up installations, performances and other events that will occur along the line. It's about discovering those fun pops of color—murals, fence art, land art, all kinds of things. Our hopes are that it will be an ever-evolving and changing exhibition, continuing to grow and expand and in five years you will be able to find a piece of art along every foot of the way.”
The three Lakewood parks that the ArtLine connects are Walker Branch, Aviation and Mountair. In order to make pivotal points in the route while still maintaining a general theme, the three parks will each have a large sculpture installed by artists Drew J. Gregory and Zak Ostrowski with PUNCH. 40 West Arts secured a $100,000 National Endowment for the Arts grant in order to commission these pieces, and will have them completed before June of next year. The three sculptures will be called: Dermal Plate Gateway, STEGOSKEL, and Unearthed Plates. They are a series of dynamic outdoor sculptures that are “interactive, memorable, and playful,” as the artists explained, “we wanted to break up an individual idea into three parts (one for each park) which led us to the concept of the discovery and excavation of Colorado's state dinosaur, the stegosaurus—originally found in Morrison. We designed a combination of kinetic parts, layered colors and structure, and shadow patterns which would allow for the community to experience/interact with the pieces by walking around and under them. This will create a different sensory and viewing experience at multiple times during the day based on varying weather and time conditions.”
The ArtLine—with its emphasis on being outside while enjoying world-class art— will easily become one of Denver's favorite districts. It can even be easily accessed from central Denver via the RTD W Line, making it accessible to more than just Lakewood's lucky residents.
For a full list of participating galleries in the 40 West Arts District, visit this page.
For more information about the final district-wide First Friday Art Walk, visit this page.
BERLIN — Michy Batshuayi scored two goals and set up another on his Bundesliga debut for Borussia Dortmund in a 3-2 win over last-place Cologne on Friday.
The Belgian forward, who joined Dortmund on loan from Chelsea on Wednesday, scored his first goal 10 minutes before the break, blasting the ball past goalkeeper Timo Horn after an assist by Jeremy Toljan.
Batshuayi thought he'd scored another just before halftime, again set up by Toljan, but the goal was ruled offside after an intervention from the video referee.
Christian Pulisic was partly to blame for Cologne's equalizer on the hour-mark after losing the ball in midfield. Simon Zoller scored on the rebound after Roman Buerki saved Dominique Heintz' effort.
CALGARY — The Royal Canadian Mint is paying homage to Canada's fallen with a special toonie now in circulation for the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge.
The commemorative $2 coin, which depicts two soldiers standing on either side of an image of the Vimy memorial in France, was officially unveiled at the Military Museums in Calgary on Thursday.
Canadian troops secured a hard-fought victory at Vimy Ridge in April 1917.
Nearly 11,000 died in the battle.
However, it helped lead to Canada's recognition as an independent nation and helped create a newfound sense of pride and national unity.
Officials with the Royal Canadian Mint said they drew inspiration for the coin from the Vimy memorial.
“I was truly, genuinely moved by their beauty and the significance of the story they represent,” said Sandra Hanington with the Royal Canadian Mint. “We are deeply proud to use our state-of-the-art coins to share profound historic moments that have shaped our nation and compel us to reflect on what it means to be Canadian.”
Jeremy Diamond with the Vimy Foundation said the coin is a way for Canadians to carry a little piece of history.
“This is like having a little textbook in your pocket all the time or a little video clip in your pocket all the time. It's always an opportunity now to learn a little bit about our history,” said Diamond.
The coin is part of a continuing series over the next six years that will mark important events in both World Wars.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wayne Rooney was the most high-profile absentee from Manchester United training on Wednesday.
The United skipper missed the session, along with Michael Carrick and Phil Jones, ahead of Thursday's Europa League first leg last 32 tie against Saint-Etienne at Old Trafford.
Rooney, who missed United's recent win over Leicester due to illness, hasn't started a game for United since their EFL Cup semi-final first-leg win over Hull on January 10.
It is unclear why Rooney and Carrick missed training but Jones remains sidelined with the hamstring injury he sustained against Hull a fortnight ago.
The remainder of United's squad trained under the watchful eye of manager Jose Mourinho ahead of the encounter at Old Trafford.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Paul Pogba, who will come up against brother Florentin, the Saint-Etienne defender, on Thursday night, appeared joyful at the Red Devils' Carrington training complex, while Marcus Rashford was photographed laughing with boss Mourinho.
Anthony Martial, fresh from his match-winning performance against Watford at the weekend, also trained, and earlier this week he previewed the match's impending battle between the Pogba brothers.
"They are well known for being big jokers and mickey-takers but, once they are on the field, it will be like two warriors who are going all out to win the game," Martial told ManUtd.com .
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: PA)
"If one beats the other, he'll immediately start giving out loads of stick so they'll be desperate to do all they can to win!"
The match is also of added significance to Martial as he used to play for one of Saint-Etienne's biggest rivals, Olympique Lyonnais.
"There was a huge rivalry while I was still at Lyon – it was always a highly-charged atmosphere and they were usually massive games, the kind all players love to play in," Martial, 21, added.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
"Of course, it would be great if I could score against them again, but I hope we can win the game because that's the most important thing, then it would be a bonus if I managed to grab a goal.
"They have a tremendous following and I'm sure it will be lively — even more so as they're not used to playing against big clubs like United.
"There's always a great atmosphere there, even against the smaller teams, so I can't imagine what it will be like against us.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: PA)
“It will be up to us to put it out of our minds."
United have lost just once in all competitions since they were beaten by Fenerbahce in the group phase on November 3 last year.
Mourinho is expected to take the knock-out stages of the competition seriously as it represents a good chance for United to qualify for next season's Champions League.
At age 14, Leger was sick of "playing to the wall." He decided to try his chances at local coffee nook for Friday open stage night.
No one was here except the two hosts who were a little older than Leger. He played to some high school friends, including a few of his originals and some covers.
"I played "Pocahontas" by Neil Young," he recalls. "I guess I was feeling very cocky or something because I also played (Bob Dylan's) "Desolation Row." I don't know. It's kind of funny to think of all of the songs I would pick that."
The café offered Leger Wednesdays where he worked for coffee and juice.
"It was really a lot of fun. It helped me get comfortable playing in front of people and it also helped me with projecting because they did not have any microphones, or PA. You had to sing out in the air," says Leger.
"I thought I was going to be getting out of high school and I was going to be a big deal," Leger says.
"In my mind the industry was still alive and well. I was just so used to reading old history books and being obsessed with artists and bands. Likely most of them were even dead by then."
Leger proudly writes his songs on old typewriters.
"I am also a pen and paper guy," he says.
"I always had notebooks and stuff. Recently my girlfriend brought me a typewriter. That is fun because it is a different rhythm and it makes me write differently. There is a percussiveness about it that will get something out from a different area of my mind," he says.
"It's an old '60s Olivetti like the one that Cormac McCarthy and Leonard Cohen used. I like the feel of it," says Leger.
He has read a lot of Beat Generation authors like Jack Kerouac and loved listening to their recordings in addition to the "Word Jazz" of Ken Nordine. Hence, Leger's spoken word/music side projects, the Del Fi's and the Bop Fi's. They feature poetry written and spoken by Leger with his friends providing a backdrop of jazz.
Leger's discography includes DIY debut album "Jerry and The Situation" (2005) and "Farewell Ghost Town" (2006). His sophomore album included Ron Sexsmith on piano, and multi-instrumentalist Fergus Hambleton of The Satellites.
Leger and his band — The Situation, featuring multi-instrumentalist James McKie, bassist Dan Mock and drummer Kyle Sullivan — honed their chops playing countless Toronto bars. They made many friends in Toronto's music community including Josh Finlayson of The Skydiggers. That resulted in 2008's "You, Me and The Horse," co-produced by Finlayson and longtime collaborator Tim Bovaconti. The album led to more exposure and radio guest spots in Nashville and Tennessee. In 2010, Leger released "Traveling Grey" followed by "Some Folks Know" (2012).
In 2013, Finlayson introduced Leger to Cowboy Junkies member/songwriter/producer Michael Timmins who signed Leger to his label Latent Recordings which resulted in critically acclaimed 2014 release "Early Riser" featuring more of Leger's solid songwriting supplemented with a textured, infectious roots/rock sound.
Leger's latest release, "Nonsense and Heartache," was longlisted for the 2017 Polaris Music Prize and features special guest vocalist Angie Hilts.
It's a double-album showcase of Leger: Mellow, folkier sounds on the "Heartache" half ("Pawn Shop Piano," "Lucy and Little Billy The Kid") and searing roots and blues rock leanings on the "Nonsense" side ("The Big Smoke Blues," "She's The Best Writer You've Never Heard Of".)
Leger's says there's a lot of mutual respect between himself and Timmins.
"He keeps you on track with energy and performance," he notes. "We love the same kind of music. We listen to a lot of the same records and we like going about a lot of things the same way."
A disturbing video captures the moment before a Brazilian woman records her own death, allegedly at the hands of her neighbor.Willyene Mathais was shot twice in the face while filming a heated row between herself and the man living next door.The 22-year-old was using her phone to record the encounter in Santana de Cataguases, in southeast Brazil, when the man she is arguing with and whom she refers to as Juliano allegedly lifts his T-shirt.He pulls a gun from his waistband and fires at point-blank range.According to local paper Midia Mineira, the argument apparently started because the victim was accused by her neighbor of gossiping about him.The pair is also reported to have fallen out over an earlier disagreement between their children.It's claimed Willyene filmed the incident to prove to her husband she was being wrongly accused and insulted by the man.In just over two minutes, the matter quickly spirals out of control as the 40-year-old gunman appears to lose his temper and shoots her.Before she is gunned down, Willyene can be heard reacting with horror and crying: "No, Juliano, I'm not playing this game," as she realizes the argument has turned deadly.What happens next is harrowing.In a split second, the young mother of three's life is cut short. She screams in terror as two shots ring out and the phone clatters to the ground as it records her dying moments.The suspect curses loudly as his victim lies on the ground.According to reports, the offender fled the crime scene, but before leaving, he is heard callously saying: "Now you're going to hell, you demon."The recording ends with an unknown female coming to the wounded woman's aid and screaming for help.The incident, which happened on Sept. 23, starts with the man being filmed as he mumbles under his breath that he's fed up with people talking about his business.Willyene, who is standing on a terraced area at the top of a flight of stairs outside her house, calls to the man and challenges him: "What do you mean, Juliano?"The man responds: "Yes, you're the one that's spreading lies about me."Incensed by her attitude, the suspect calmly returns, pulls out his gun and allegedly shoots.The victim was rushed to Cataguases Hospital but never regained consciousness and died shortly afterward.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
ITV's thrilling new drama Bancroft hit screens for the first time tonight and has already hooked viewers after it's first gripping episode.
Screened over four consecutive nights, this crime thriller sees DCI Elizabeth Bancroft drawn back into a brutal cold-case murder she'd prefer remained unsolved.
The series revolves around the tormented cop whose dark past is about to catch up with her, but viewers mistakenly believed Doctor Foster star Suranne Jones was playing the lead role.
It was actually Broadchurch actress Sarah Parish, in her most unhinged role to date, starring as titular character Bancroft.
(Image: publicity pic)
(Image: BBC)
Viewers were quick to realise their error, while also pointing out the similarities to BBC's Line Of Duty, and Keeley Hawes' acclaimed turn as disturbed DI Lindsay Denton in particular.
In the opening scene, a young Bancroft attended the scene of the gruesome murder of a young woman in a flashback to 1990.
Back in the present day, Bancroft is now a respected detective superintendent hoping to win a big promotion by taking down violent gangster Athif Kamara (Amit Dhut).
However, she's shaken to learn that her ambitious colleague DS Katherine Stevens, played by Game of Thrones' The Waif Faye Marsay, has been given the job of reopening the investigation into the woman's violent death.
(Image: ITV)
Despite Sarah's incredible performance, viewers were originally convinced it was Suranne Jones, who starred as detective Rachel Bailey in Scott & Bailey, playing the main character.
One viewer said: "I'm gripped already! Anyone else thinks that Sarah parish reminds them of Surrane Jones? #bancroft"
Another added: "Just me that thought Suranne Jones was the main character in #Bancroft ?"
A third confused fan said: "Just been thinking this was Suranne Jones but it is Sarah Parish"
(Image: ITV)
‘It's nice playing someone who isn't always redeemable,' said Sarah, who also starred in Broadchurch and Mistresses.
‘Elizabeth is complex and has so many layers to her. There's something in her past that she's covering up. It's about to raise its ugly head and come knocking on the door again.'
Sarah said she relished the challenge of playing a successful career woman whose life unravels spectacularly.
‘It was very full-on but I absolutely loved it,' she explained. ‘I hadn't played a big lead like this for quite a long time.'
Bancroft is on Mon-Thur 9pm ITV
The Machakos Gubernatorial race has now picked up pace as opponents of the incumbent Governor Alfred Mutua scheme on how to deflate his influence in Ukambani's richest County.
Former Kathiani MP Wavinya Ndeti has teamed up with Kalonzo's confidant Peter Mathuki as her running mate while Deputy Governor Bernard Kiala who fellout with Mutua three years ago plans to use institutional memory to expose Mutua's fault lines during the campaigns.
Jubilee party also fielded a candidate in Lemi Muia who once served as Mutua's chief information officer who is banking on his youthful constituency to propel him to the plum job.
However, Governor Mutua will use his development initiatives and the anti-chap chap narrative to galvanize support at the ballot.
K24's Richard Kagoe has just returned from Machakos county and brings us Counties 2017.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rqiSJTj1zs
Rome, July 4 - Members of the board of state broadcaster RAI will be voted by the Senate on July 18, sources said Wednesday. They said an agreement had been reached with House Speaker Roberto Fico to move the date from July 11. On July 11 various committees will sit including intelligence service oversight body COPASIR, they said.
WATAUGA COUNTY, N.C. - One person is dead and one other is missing after a landslide destroyed a North Carolina home, according to the National Weather Service.
Authorities report two people were in the home at the time of the collapse.
This happened in the Heaven Mountain area of Watauga County.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is steering clear of the World Economic Forum in Davos, a meeting expected to be dominated by debate over the looming presidency of Donald Trump and rising public anger with elites and globalisation.
Merkel has been a regular at the annual gathering of political leaders, CEOs and celebrities, travelling to the snowy resort in the Swiss Alps seven times since becoming chancellor in 2005.
But her spokesman told Reuters she had decided not to attend for a second straight year. This year's conference runs from Jan. 17-20 under the banner “Responsive and Responsible Leadership”. Trump's inauguration coincides with the last day of the conference.
“It's true that a Davos trip was being considered, but we never confirmed it, so this is not a cancellation,” the spokesman said.
It is the first time Merkel has missed Davos two years in a row since taking office over 11 years ago and her absence may come as a disappointment to the organisers because her reputation as a steady, principled leader fits well with the theme of this year's conference.
The German government declined to say what scheduling conflict was preventing her from attending, nor would it say whether the decision might be linked to the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people in mid-December.
But after the Brexit vote in Britain and the election of Trump were attributed to rising public anger with the political establishment and globalisation, leaders may be more reluctant than usual to travel to a conference at a plush ski resort that has become synonymous with the global elite.
TRUMP
One European official suggested that the prospect of having to address questions about Trump days before he enters the White House might also have dissuaded Merkel, whose politics is at odds with the president-elect on a broad range of issues, from immigration and trade, to Russia and climate change.
During the U.S. election campaign, Trump described Merkel's refugee policies as “insane”.
Like Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, who announced in early December that he would not seek a second term next year, will not be in Davos.
The WEF had also hoped to lure Matteo Renzi, but he resigned as Italian prime minister last month. European leaders that are expected include Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Enda Kenny of Ireland. British Prime Minister Theresa May could also be there.
Although the WEF does not comment on which leaders it is expecting until roughly a week before the meeting, the star attraction is expected to be Xi Jinping, the first Chinese president to attend.
Members of President-elect Donald Trump's team, including Davos regulars like former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn and fund manager Anthony Scaramucci, are also expected. WEF Chairman Klaus Schwab was invited to Trump Tower last month, although the purpose of the visit was unclear.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen, who was elected to the WEF board of trustees last year, is expected to attend, as are senior ministers from a range of other European countries, as well as top figures from the European Commission.
-Reuters
Gone With A Shot? Hopeful New Signs Of Relief For Migraine Sufferers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photographer is my life/Getty Images Photographer is my life/Getty Images
Humans have suffered from migraines for millennia. Yet, despite decades of research, there isn't a drug on the market today that prevents them by targeting the underlying cause. All of that could change in a few months when the FDA is expected to announce its decision about new therapies that have the potential to turn migraine treatment on its head.
The new therapies are based on research begun in the 1980s showing that people in the throes of a migraine attack have high levels of a protein called calcitonin gene–related peptide (CGRP) in their blood.
Step by step, researchers tracked and studied this neurochemical's effects. They found that injecting the peptide into the blood of people prone to migraines triggers migraine-like headaches, whereas people not prone to migraines experienced, at most, mild pain. Blocking transmission of CGRP in mice appeared to prevent migraine-like symptoms. And so a few companies started developing a pill that might do the same in humans.
Clinical trials of the first pills were effective against migraine but halted in 2011 over concerns about potential liver damage. So, four pharmaceutical companies rejiggered their approach. To bypass the liver, all four instead looked to an injectable therapy called monoclonal antibodies — tiny immune molecules most commonly used to treat cancer. Not only do these bypass the liver to block CGRP, but one injection appears to be effective for up to three months with almost no noticeable side effects.
Two manufacturers, Amgen (in collaboration with Novartis) and Teva Pharmaceuticals, have completed clinical trials and expect to hear from the FDA by June whether the therapies have been approved. Two more companies, Eli Lilly and Alder Biopharmaceuticals, plan to file for FDA approval later this year.
Current treatments don't always work
It's been a long time coming. Right now, the only available preventive treatments are accidental discoveries: A number of people prescribed medications for depression, high blood pressure and epilepsy discovered migraine relief, too. Now, many of those drugs, including propranolol and topiramate, have been tested and approved for migraine. But no one drug works for everyone, and side effects can prove intolerable or downright unpleasant.
Migraines are throbbing, one-sided headaches that can be accompanied by nausea as well as sensitivity to light, sound, smell, and movement. At their best, the headaches are an annoyance. At their worst, they can be completely debilitating. So for those of us who get numerous migraines each month, the prospect of a new approach feels almost life-changing.
According to one recent survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 10 percent of men and 20 percent of women in the U.S. reported having had a migraine in the last three months. And up to two percent of all Americans has at least 15 migraine days every single month. The toll such pain can take on health, morale, and productivity is substantial.
My own migraines started when I was 13. They struck a few times a week and I thought they were normal headaches. For a while, I tried the usual over the counter pain relievers but, one by one, they stopped working. By age 25, I started to wonder if there was something seriously wrong with my head. My general practitioner diagnosed me with migraines, gave me my first preventive medication — an antidepressant — then sent me to see a specialist.
Since that day more than 17 years ago, I have tried six preventive prescription medications. Not one helped. I alternated among four different, neurologist-recommended supplements, all to no avail. I received bi-monthly injections of magnesium and participated in one of the first clinical trials of Botox. And while Botox seemed to decrease my migraines by one or two per month, it wasn't enough to bother fighting about it with a new insurance company. I exercised regularly. I experimented with an elimination diet that left me eating nothing but broccoli and white rice, but still the migraines came. I averaged about 15 to 20 each month.
Still, I considered myself lucky. The headaches almost never came with nausea, and I had medications that typically ousted them within an hour or two. All told, I usually lost only a few hours of productivity a week.
When I grew older and had two children, my body changed and my migraines changed, too. I get them less frequently now, but when they come, they can stick around for a few days or even a week. Abortive medications still work, except when they don't. So when I heard about a new approach that was making its way through a number of pharmaceutical company pipelines, I began combing through the national clinical trials database to find a trial near me. I found one about 80 miles away, which didn't seem too far a trek considering the tantalizing reward of a migraine-free life. I made an appointment.
Clinical trials seem promising
David Dodick, a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Ariz., has been involved in multiple clinical trials with each of the four anti-CGRP antibody treatments in development. And, he admits, he's optimistic. He has good reason to be: Each of the therapies decreases migraine frequency by at least one to two days per month. "In a field where, over time, the progress and pace of research in understanding the underlying biology and mechanism of disease has been slow, this was very exciting," he says.
Because migraines are not life-threatening, most drugs have to pass a pretty high bar to be approved. And so far, patients on the experimental treatments report limited side effects that consist mostly of pain at the injection site. Unlike the current preventive medications, there is no nausea, no fuzzy thinking, no nerve pain, no weight loss or gain. And instead of remembering to take a daily pill, there is just a once-monthly injection.
Neurologists already have patients eager to test these therapies, especially when everything else they've tried hasn't worked. "There's a big hole to fill, both in prevention and acute therapies," says Alexander Mauskop, director of the New York Headache Center in New York City. (Full disclosure: He's my former neurologist.) "If I have someone who's really suffering and can't find a solution, I tell them that in June I might have something new for them to try." Right now, he says, he has a list of about two dozen such patients.
High price tag
Even if the new therapies are approved, however, patients may still have to jump through a number of hoops to get them. Biologic therapies like these are expensive, and treatment could reportedly range anywhere from $8,000 to $18,000 a year. At that price, Mauskop and other neurologists expect insurance companies to require patients to have tried just about everything else first.
The other hitch at this stage is a lack of long-term safety data. "If someone is well-controlled with Botox or another drug, I'd not suggest they switch," Mauskop says. "With Vioxx, it took 10 years before they discovered that it increased the risk of heart problems."
Side effects are a potential concern. Elizabeth Loder, chief of headache at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, points out that because CGRP constricts blood vessels, there may be potential long-term effects on blood pressure or other cardiovascular function. In women of childbearing age, who are the ones most prone to frequent migraines, "you can imagine that might have effects on fertility or placental function."
Right now, the longest patients have been on one of these new therapies is one to two years.
I ask Mauskop whether he'd recommend I enroll in a clinical trial, given my failure to respond to most everything else. He pauses, noting that he's no longer my neurologist and that he can't really give me any suggestions. But then he says that, since I'd previously shown some response to Botox, perhaps I might want to give it another try. I think about my two young children and my risk tolerance. Perhaps in ten years I'll feel differently. For now, however, I pick up the phone and cancel my clinical trial appointment.
Lauren Gravitz is a science writer and editor in Hershey, Penn. Her work has appeared in Nature, The Economist, Aeon, Discover, The Oprah Magazine, and more. Find her at www.laurengravitz.com and @lyrebard.
AJ Tye celebrates one of his four wickets.
AJ Tye celebrates one of his four wickets. Picture: Getty Images
Billy Stanlake announced himself on the international stage before Australia cruised to a seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in a rain-affected opener to the Twenty20 tri-series.
After Stanlake's electrifying 3-15 helped keep New Zealand to 9-117 at the SCG, Chris Lynn (44) and Glenn Maxwell (40no) powered Australia to a revised target of 95 with 3.3 overs of the allotted 15 to spare.
Following an hour-long rain delay in the innings break, the pair came to the wicket when David Warner (6) and D'Arcy Short (4) fell early but rarely looked troubled until Lynn was caught on the boundary eight runs shy of the target.
Renowned for being two of the best T20 batsmen in the country, Lynn's 33-ball knock included six fours and one six, while Maxwell also whacked five fours and one six.
But the star of the show was Stanlake, after he'd earlier ripped through the Black Caps' top order with wickets with his first two balls and another in the second over of his opening spell.
Adam Voges announced his retirement after the 71-run loss. The West Australian Adam Voges announced his retirement after the 71-run loss.
In just his fourth international match, 23-year-old Stanlake nudged 150km/h throughout his four overs as he dismissed Colin Munro and Tom Bruce when both were on three.
His inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was his best, beating the Kiwi star all ends up and taking the top of off stump.
"That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while," Stanlake told the Nine Network.
"The first over seemed to settle me down a bit so that was nice."
Such was the early dominance of Stanlake and fellow opening quick Kane Richardson (0-28), they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over powerplay.
They also helped to limit Black Caps captain Kane Williamson to the slowest innings of his 47-match international T20 career, before Andrew Tye had him caught off a leading edge at cover for eight off 20 balls.
Tye finished with 4-23, as he returned to clean up the tail and kept world No.2-ranked New Zealand to less than a run a ball in an innings for the first time since 2012.
Only Colin de Grandhomme provided any real counterattack for New Zealand, with his unbeaten 38 from 24 balls featuring three massive sixes square off Tye and Adam Zampa.
- AAP
Communication Issues In Puerto Rico Make It Hard To Register Deaths The official death toll in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria is 36. But the actual toll is suspected to be much higher, with uncounted bodies piling up in places that still have no way to communicate.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are reportedly in pole position to sign Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak.
The Reds are set to move for a new goalkeeper this summer following Loris Karius' Champions League final nightmare against Real Madrid last weekend.
Oblak is Liverpool's No.1 target while Roma stopper Alisson is also being considered by Jurgen Klopp.
Liverpool are facing problems over Oblak's huge €100m (£87.5m) release clause but reports in Spain suggest they have been given a boost in their pursuit of the goalkeeper.
Atletico are targeting Athletic Bilbao stopper Kepa Arrizabalaga should Oblak force his way out of the club, reports El Gol Digital.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty Images)
Jurgen Klopp is ready to move for a top goalkeeper after completing the signing of Fabinho from Monaco.
Nabil Fekir is also a target for the Champions League finalists, with Klopp wanting him in before the World Cup starts.
Liverpool are yet to make a bid for the Frenchman but fear Lyon could increase their asking price if he impresses in Russia.
(Image: Reuters)
Mirror Sport understands the Lyon attacking midfielder has met with his club president Jean-Michel Aulas to make clear he wants a move to Anfield...and would like his future decided before the World Cup starts.
That is Liverpool's aim as they look to strike a deal, with Sporting Director Michael Edwards keen to pursue formal discussions in the next week.
Representative church leaders have met with the Prime Minister and Government ministers to ask for more action in the areas of immigration, housing and social investment.
Their views are influenced by the experience of their church congregations and church based social agencies in most New Zealand communities.
The church leaders that met with the Prime Minister included: Anglican Archbishop Philip Richardson, Baptist Daniel Palmer, Catholic Cardinal John Dew, Methodist Rev Prince Devanandan, Presbyterian Rev Richard Dawson, and Salvation Army Commissioner Andrew Westrupp.
Church social policy advisors also attended the meeting. Read more
News category: New Zealand, News Shorts.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman was flown to Southmead hospital in a helicopter following a serious car crash this afternoon.
She had to be cut free from her car and is suffering “life-threatening injuries”. Police confirmed that an air ambulance was used to fly her to Bristol from the scene of the crash in Somerset.
Hydraulic cutting equipment was used to cut the woman free by three fire engines from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service.
Police, ambulance, and the fire service all came to the crash. Avon and Somerset police said that three vehicles were involved in the collision.
(Image: Police in South Somerset Twitter account)
The crash happened on the A303 and closed the road in both directions. It was first reported to emergency services around 1.40pm, reports Somerset Live .
The collision started with vehicles heading east but then spilled onto the westbound carriageway.
Two other casualties were described as “walking wounded” by a spokesperson for the fire service.
Police are appealing for information following the crash, which involved a black BMW and a silver 4x4.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said: "We'd like to speak to anyone who might have witnessed the collision or has any information relating to the lead up to it.
"Anyone with information should call 101 and quote log 530 of today (April 24)."
LOOK: Hot, Young Stars Form 'Celestial Fireworks'
If you squint, the image above bears a pretty strong resemblance to what you might see at a July 4 fireworks display.
But it's actually, dare we say, far cooler. Or hotter: The image captured by the Hubble Space Telescope is a cluster of "huge, hot" stars called NGC 3603, about 20,000 light years away in the constellation Carina.
The glittery image was captured in 2009, and NASA posted it on its website on the eve of today's Independence Day celebrations. The swirling purple clouds of gas and dust, it says, are the "raw material for new star formation."
And as the space agency writes, what appears to be a peaceful scene is actually a churning nebula — where massive stars "live fast and die young." At the cluster in the center are some of the biggest known stars, "burning through their hydrogen fuel quickly and ultimately ending their lives in supernova explosions."
This kind of star cluster can help scientists learn more about how stars are formed.
We'll leave you with one more image of the "Celestial Fireworks." Happy July 4!
Scientists finally confirm that Uranus is surrounded by fart clouds https://t.co/JPTvZdC9md via @PopSci pic.twitter.com/vXisIjJ7au — Rachel “The Yellow Dart” Feltman (@RachelFeltman) April 23, 2018
The scientists have spoken: Uranus stinks.A new study looked at the gases found in the planet's atmosphere and found that it's full of the notoriously foul-smelling hydrogen sulfide.The study, published in the journal Nature Astronomy , is authored by scientists from California Institute of Technology, the University of Oxford and the University of Leicester.The example of a hydrogen sulfide-emitting substance that the study gave is rotten eggs. Many social media users, however, have pointed out that hydrogen sulfide can be found elsewhere, namely in raw sewage and in human flatulence.But even if you hypothetically could get near enough to smell it, the smell would be the least of your concerns. Patrick Irwin, a Professor of Planetary Physics at Oxford and one of the study's authors, explained."If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions," he said. "Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell."The study said that the presence of hydrogen sulfide in the planet's atmosphere has long been studied, but this is the best proof yet. The gas was found in the planet's cloud tops by dissecting light from Uranus captured by the Gemini North telescope.Scientists say this discovery sheds light on how and when Uranus was formed.
Chinese President Xi Jinping. Modi will travel to Wuhan later this week to meet Xi in a move seen as an attempt to reset ties after the 73-day military standoff between India and China in Doklam last year. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Ahead of the informal summit meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping in Wuhan this week, India has sought to play down expectations on outcomes from the discussions between the two leaders.
Analysts say that this is to give the two a wide latitude for dialogue.
According to a person familiar with the plans, this is the first time Xi is hosting a foreign leader to such a summit in his country. “This is a new kind of (Chinese) leader who is comfortable in an informal setting,” the person said.
Modi will travel to Wuhan later this week to meet Xi in a move seen as an attempt to reset ties after the 73-day military standoff between India and China in Doklam last year.
Specific irritants in the relationship are unlikely to come up, the person cited above said, adding that no joint statement or joint document was envisaged. “The intention of this is to ensure that at the leadership level here is a strategic communication. Both countries are emerging as important countries in the world, we are both neighbours. There are risks involved as well, therefore there is a need for discussions to mitigate and handle those differences and of course growing the relationship. That is the important objective. I foresee a discussion that is focussed on the positives in the relationship,” the person said.
On whether the two leaders would have more summits in this format, the person said, “That is something that will only come out of the discussions. I am not in a position to comment on that at this stage.”
According to former foreign secretary Lalit Mansingh, “The format will give the two leaders the room to discuss all issues without the weight of too much expectation. The discussions can be seen as the beginning of the resolution of problems rather than be seen as resolving all problems.”
The meeting between Xi and Modi was announced on Sunday by foreign minister Sushma Swaraj and her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi. Swaraj is in China for the meeting of foreign ministers belonging to the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO).
On Tuesday, in her speech to the meeting, Swaraj slammed protectionism and underlined the need for economic globalization that was open, inclusive and equitable, against the backdrop of new trade barriers being imposed by countries like the US.
Swaraj also spoke on terrorism, which she described as “an enemy of basic human rights”, and called on SCO member countries to “identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups.”
“Protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade,” Swaraj said, urging SCO members to promote facilitation of trade and investment to inject greater impetus into the world economy.
“In this respect we must continue to diversify cooperation in the fields of innovation and digital economy, science and technology, energy, agriculture, food security, amongst others,” she said.
On terrorism, Swaraj said: “We strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups.”
Swaraj did not mention Pakistan by name, though Pakistan foreign minister Khwaja Muhammed Asif was among those present when Swaraj made her comments. “We must unite across our differences, strengthen our resolve and script an effective strategy against terror,” she added.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
McDonald's hits the spot on so many occasions, whether you are in search of a mammoth milkshake or a double cheeseburger, but there is one thing missing accompanying your fries – mayo.
The chain will give you ketchup, mustard, and a variety of other dips – but one condiment is absent from Maccy's offering.
For years, McDonald's fans have moaned about the lack of mayonnaise, Birmingham Mail reports .
(Image: Steve Parsons/PA Wire)
"Why no mayo?" they rage on social media, furiously venting their condiment-related woes.
Well, Cosmopolitan have asked the fast-food giant the reason behind its alleged hatred of the white stuff.
McDonald's, remarkably, claims there is not enough "demand" for the delicious dressing – outrageous, we know.
A spokesperson said: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
It comes after it emerged you can enjoy the most romantic day of the year at the fast food giant.
(Image: Getty)
Maccy's is playing Cupid this year by inviting couples to have a romantic night at some of its restaurants.
Revealing all on Facebook, McDonald's posted: "Book a table for you and your loved one this McValentine's Day right here, we are going all out providing the most romantic dining experience in history.
"We are offering 3 courses of McValentine's perfection for £20 per couple."
CLOSE Tennessee coach Rick Barnes recaps the Vols win against Lipscomb Mike Wilson/News Sentinel
Tennessee guard James Daniel III (3) charges towards the basket as Lipscomb guard Kenny Cooper (21) defends him during a game against Lipscomb at Thompson-Boling Arena in Knoxville, Tenn. Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (Photo: Caitie McMekin/News Sentinel)
Tennessee's first game as a ranked team in seven years wasn't the prettiest.
But Grant Williams made sure it was going to be a win for the No. 24 Vols, who kept rolling along through the nonconference season.
More: UT Vols men's basketball back in Associated Press poll at No. 24
The sophomore forward scored 15 points in the second half, helping the Vols hold off a feisty push from Lipscomb in an 81-71 win at Thompson-Boling Arena. Williams led the Vols with 19 points, grabbing eight rebounds and having a pair of key blocks in the second half when Lipscomb was threatening the most.
“You need a guy who can change the flow of the game on the offensive and defensive ends,” said James Daniel III, who had 12 points. “I'm not really sure what he shot (Saturday). But those two shots, it flustered them. They felt like they were on a run.”
Admiral Schofield had 13 points and Chris Darrington had a season-high 11, with coach Rick Barnes saying Darrington “played his best basketball” in the win.
Tennessee (7-1) was sloppy early after halftime, turning over the ball six times in the first six minutes of the second half in a game that lacked flow.
More: UT Vols 'starting to see what I see,' Rick Barnes says
More: Jeremy Pruitt hire 'a cloud lifted off the program,' Rick Barnes says
Lipscomb (6-4) took advantage. Leading scorer Garrison Mathews outscored the Vols to open the second half, holding an 11-10 edge after his three-point play pulled Lipscomb within 50-47 with 11:20 to play.
UT responded – powered by Williams – with an 11-3 run to take hold of its seventh win of the young season. Darrington opened the UT spurt with a layup, before Williams flipped the game back on the persistent Lipscomb squad.
The sophomore forward got a piece of Rob Marberry's jumper, which Eli Pepper scooped up went for a layup. Williams bolted from one side of the paint to the other, swatting away the attempt and sending Lipscomb coach Casey Alexander into a tirade that resulted in a technical foul.
“I was like, ‘Go get it and you might be able to not get a goaltend,” Williams said. “I think Admiral was out of position and Pepper got the rebound. And I just blocked it.”
CLOSE Tennessee sophomore Grant Williams recaps the Vols win against Lipscomb Mike
Jordan Bowden made the technical foul free throws, then Darrington made a pair more.
Williams came up with a clutch rebound between two defenders, drawing a foul and making both free throws. He finished off the run and put Tennessee ahead 61-50 with a three-point play.
“We needed him to do that,” Darrington said. “I think he struggled early in the first half. What did he have? 19 tonight? He probably should have had 30. He missed a lot of easy shots. He came in when we needed him in the second half. If you are going to be that guy on a team, that's what you've got to do.”
Williams said his greatest contribution came in guarding Marberry, who had six points – well below his season average of 13.8.
“Doing that then also helping my teammates out, contesting shots and getting my hands on the ball,” Williams said. “It's a good way to help them.”
Williams played only 10 minutes in the first half due to foul trouble after he picked up his second foul on a technical for a comment he made after he drew his first whistle.
Daniel III had nine first half points, hitting back-to-back 3-pointers when Lipscomb was holding close early. The Vols had 22 assists on 25 shots.
Mathews finished with a game-high 22 points for Lipscomb, while Barnes praised Bowden's efforts guarding Mathews when he was on the floor.
Williams was critical of the Tennessee defense as a whole, saying that allowing a team to shoot 43.2 percent in the second half is not acceptable. Barnes was more complimentary of his team as it held off a tough opponent.
“Overall, defensively we were pretty good,” Barnes said. “They are very efficient on the offensive end. A year ago, they scored 58 points on us in the first half. It was because of what we normally do, they burned us. Our players were having to do some things mentally that we haven't done all year.
“Overall, the defense was okay.”
CLOSE Tennessee football coach Jeremy Pruitt was introduced during a timeout at the Vols basketball game on Saturday Mike Wilson/News Sentinel
Prui-itt! Pru-itt!
Tennessee football head coach Jeremy Pruitt walks on the court during a game against Lipscomb at Thompson-Boling Arena in Knoxville, Tenn. Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (Photo: Caitie McMekin/News Sentinel)
Tennessee introduced football coach Jeremy Pruitt at a timeout in the first half, which brought chants of "Pru-itt" from the crowd at Thompson-Boling Arena.
“I'm excited, I'm humbled and I'm honored to be the head football coach at the University of Tennessee,” Pruitt said. “I chose Tennessee because of the passion of the fans and the rich tradition that represents the University of Tennessee. We are going to have one goal and that's to win every one.”
Up next
Tennessee does not return to action until Sunday, Dec. 17. The Vols host defending national champion North Carolina at 3 p.m. ET.
Mario Batali Steps Aside At His Restaurants Amid Sexual Misconduct Allegations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping aside from directing his restaurants and taking leave from his TV cooking show following reports of sexual misconduct over a 20-year period.
The move was apparently spurred by a report published Monday morning on the dining and food website Eater, in which four women allege that Batali touched them inappropriately:
"Three of the women worked for Batali in some capacity during their careers. One former employee alleges that over the course of two years, he repeatedly grabbed her from behind and held her tightly against his body. Another former employee alleges that he groped her and that, in a separate incident, he compelled her to straddle him; another alleges that he grabbed her breasts at a party, though she no longer worked for him at the time."
The fourth accuser is a chef who says she met Batali at a party 10 years ago:
"Minutes into their conversation, she recalls, he told her, 'Come work for me, I'll pay you double what you're making.' Moments later, someone bumped her glass, spilling wine all over her chest and down her scooped-neck shirt. She alleges that Batali began rubbing her breasts with his bare hands while saying something like, 'Let me help you with that,' as he groped her chest. 'He just went to town, and I was so shocked,' the chef says. 'Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from him in utter disgust and walked away.' "
In the article, a number of other current and former employees at Batali's restaurants described bullying and lewd behavior. Some said they had complicated feelings about Batali, who has also championed a number of women's careers and started a children's education and empowerment foundation.
Batali did not deny the allegations, and admitted they comport with his past conduct.
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt," Batali said in a statement to Eater. "Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
Batali will remain an owner at his restaurants, but he said he would hand over day-to-day oversight of his businesses while he works to regain the trust of those he has hurt and disappointed.
A spokesperson for Batali's restaurant group, Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, told Eater that it had received its first formal complaint of inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. It said Batali was reprimanded and required to attend training.
"We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination," the group said in a statement. "Mr. Batali and we have agreed that he will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and has already done so."
Batali hosts a cooking show on ABC called The Chew. On Monday, the network said it has asked Batali to take leave from the program while it reviews the allegations. "While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct," the network said in a statement to NPR.
The allegations against Batali join a cascade of sexual harassment complaints against powerful men, including senior news managers at NPR.
Batali rose to prominence in the mid-1990s with the launch of his Food Network show Molto Mario, which ran for 10 seasons as the host sported his signature outfit: fleece vest, cargo shorts and orange Crocs. He and Joe Bastianich opened the restaurant Babbo in New York's Greenwich Village in 1998. He now has 10 restaurants in New York, as well as eateries in Las Vegas, California and Singapore. He is a partner in Eataly, the Italian food emporium with locations around the world.
In 2012, Batali and Bastianich agreed to a $5.25 million class-action settlement with employees who claimed the partners' restaurants had illegally confiscated part of their tips.
AFC Wimbledon and Millwall served up a fine advert for League One football as they battled out a 2-2 draw at Kingsmeadow.
The Lions, who had won their last three matches, twice took the lead through Aiden O'Brien and Steve Morison.
But the Dons, coming into the derby off the back of two successive losses, fought back to level through Lyle Taylor and Tom Elliott.
Millwall were unchanged for a fourth successive match. Wimbledon boss Neal Ardley made four changes to his misfiring side with Sean Kelly, Darius Charles, Dean Parrett and Taylor drafted into the starting line-up.
The home side had a good chance early on when Jake Reeves' ball over an advancing Lions defence found Taylor onside, but his first-time flick header was straight at Jordan Archer.
Millwall moved ahead in the fifth minute. Ardley will have been unhappy with the way in which O'Brien danced through a couple of half-hearted challenges but you could not argue with the execution from the winger as he slammed a right-footed shot in off the underside of the bar. Shea perhaps got the faintest of touches, but not enough to prevent its destination to the back of the net.
Wimbledon found an almost instant response. And if you could make a criticism of Taylor that he took his first chance too early with the amount of space afforded him, he levelled matters with a poacher's finish.
Charles met Parrett's corner to head the ball goalwards and the former Lions striker got a flick to take it beyond Archer.
Wimbledon had more fluency to their passing but it was Millwall who created the better chances. Shea just about kept out Lee Gregory's shot and then Morison glanced wide when picked out by O'Brien. With his high standards, it had to go down as a bad miss.
Reeves slammed well over from a tight angle before Morison showed those predatory instincts once again.
The veteran frontman calmly lobbed over Shea in the 40th minute to give the Lions a second lead of the afternoon.
Wimbledon made a fast start to the second half and Charles planted a Parrett free-kick powerfully over before they did make it 2-2.
Taylor was central to it – even if it was his hold-up play and then run down the right before a pinpoint near-post cross was headed home by the diving Elliott.
George Francomb was the next to go close. Taylor swung over a deep cross which Elliott headed into the path of the onrushing Francomb but his effort cleared the bar.
The frantic nature of the match was highlighted by a 61st-minute scramble. Millwall wanted a penalty as the ball was swung in and it needed Shea to make a last-ditch dive to his left to prevent Paul Robinson netting an own goal.
Archer had been pressured on his kicking throughout and a poor clearance fell to substitute Dominic Poleon, sparking an instant Dons attack. He redeemed himself with a brilliant save to turn Reeves' full-blooded strike around his post.
Substitutions were made by both teams and while the intensity did not drop in the closing stages, the amount of chances did.
David Worrall, introduced by the Lions in the closing stages, had an effort from 20 yards drift wide as he took on the shot with his weaker left foot.
© Erik Mcgregor/Global Look Press via ZUMA Press / www.globallookpress.com
A former Oklahoma City mayor has drawn the ire of the LGBTQ community after controversial comments made on a political talk show.During a heated discussion on Sunday about the slew of sexual harassment and assault allegations within the world of US politics, Co-Chairman of Oklahoma University's Board of Regents Kirk Humphreys challenged guest co-host, and Democratic representative, Emily Virgin.While discussing the case of disgraced Democratic Senator Al Franken, Virgin said she didn't think homosexuality was wrong, to which Humphreys replied: "Well I do." He then muddied the waters with a non sequitur by alluding to former US representative Barney Frank, an openly gay politician.Humphreys said on NBC affiliate KFOR Visibly taken aback, Virgin replied: "I'm unclear on what Barney Frank did other than being a homosexual. Are you saying there was some inappropriate conduct on his part? Because I'm not aware of that."Humphreys went on:Humphreys is chairman of the board for Oklahoma Gas & Electric Company and the CEO and chairman of the Humphreys Company, a real estate development firm. He was also the mayor of Oklahoma City from 1998 to 2003. He was appointed to the board of regents of Oklahoma University, of which he is an alumnus, in 2012."Mr. Humphreys expressed his personal views on Flashpoint," OU's press secretary Matt Epting said in an email, as cited by OU Daily . "He was not speaking on behalf of the University of Oklahoma." When asked for clarification after the show, Humphreys said he had no additional comment at the time."Flashpoint has been on the air for more than 20 years. Every possible subject has been discussed over the course of those decades. What has remained consistent is the policy regarding that political affairs program... Neither the host, nor the analysts nor the guests speak for KFOR," the station wrote in an online statement , distancing itself from the controversy.Troy Stevenson, executive director of Freedom Oklahoma, an LGBTQ advocacy group, said in a statement : "Mayor Humphreys statements on Flashpoint this morning were completely shocking. To compare gay men - and specifically Congressman Barney Frank - to pedophiles and sexual predators is a step way too far."The Dean of Oklahoma University denounced Humphreys remarks saying, "Regent Humphreys' comments are not only disrespectful, they are entirely unacceptable."During his time as mayor, Humphreys had at least one high-profile battle with the LGBTQ community."We are not talking about free speech here. We are talking about paid advertising," Humphreys said in 2001 regarding a proposed city ordinance preventing banners being hung from city utility poles and bus benches by the gay rights advocacy group The Cimarron Alliance, reported WTVA In 2002, the Cimarron Alliance, which would later become part of Freedom Oklahoma, won a lawsuit against the city with banners reading: "For a Fair and Just Oklahoma," hung along the city's main boulevard's shortly after the victory."We cannot have leaders who have small-minded, inconsiderate ideas," Student Government President J.D. Baker said in the statement. "Instead, we must have thoughtful, deliberate and respectful leaders who understand the value that each person brings to our institution. Right now, is the time we must ask, will the university be able to 'Live On' with a leader who possesses such insolent ideas?"
Houston: It's the best summer for jet setting in more than a decade.
As jet fuel costs have sustained near 12-year lows after a global crude market crash in late 2014, airlines are cutting ticket prices and travellers have noticed. Global passenger data show that air travel demand started the second quarter at growth rates unseen in six years, and US carriers hauled more passengers than ever before last year.
Worldwide, first quarter air travel costs dropped about 10% compared with the same period a year ago, according to the International Air Transport Association. About one-third of those costs can be linked to cheaper fuel, according to Savanthi Syth, senior vice-president of airlines global research Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
“Airline fares are set based on demand. But when fuel is low, and when a third of your cost drops by 50%, when it drops that much you do tend to grow,” she said by phone from St. Petersburg, Fla. “You can offer lower fares and stimulate traffic.”
Wholesale jet fuel prices in the US Gulf Coast now stand at $1.27 a gallon compared with $2.80 in June 2014, according to spot market pricing gathered by Bloomberg Wednesday.
Stimulating traffic
The best way to generate more air traffic is to put more planes in the sky.
“The big driver for jet demand is not so much the rise in passengers. But you need to get more planes flying,” Robert Campbell, head of oil products research for Energy Aspects Ltd said by phone from New York.
This doesn't necessarily mean making fresh fleet orders. Instead, airlines are increasing use of aircraft they already own by adding extra flights like discounted red-eyes, according to Syth.
“At high fuel prices that red-eye flight didn't make sense,” she said.
Rising demand spurred by lower prices has helped reduce nationwide supplies after they neared a seasonal 15-year high in the first quarter. Airlines hauled a record 822 million travellers last year, government data show, but jet fuel consumption didn't increase at the same pace. That's because fuel efficiency is improving, much like it has in newer cars. But cheaper jet fuel is giving carriers less concern for efficiency these days.
“When jet fuel prices are relatively low, companies that are following the strategies of using older planes for longer can ignore the lower efficiency of the aircraft,” according to Campbell.
Zero hedge
Lower fuel prices have become a built-in hedge for US airlines, who've been able to run their fleets at lower costs and pass the savings down, said Brian Pearce, IATA's chief economist.
“Air travel is cheaper, and couple that with the fact that you're seeing a rise in consumer confidence and economic upturn. We've seen really strong growth,” he said by phone from Cancun, Mexico.
Three of the six largest US airlines have dropped their hedging positions, or guards against price spikes, since the beginning of 2014. American Airlines Group Inc. unraveled its hedges in 2014, while Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc. closed hedges last year. Other airlines still have hedges in place, but haven't added new positions since mid-2015.
“Jet fuel prices have been under a fair bit of pressure from oversupply,” said Campbell. “There's not a lot of upsides right now, given the crude price.”
The forward price curve is showing there's no real incentive to hedge in the future—fuel will be lower for longer. The smaller costs coupled with industry consolidation have given US carriers a stronger footing to handle any shocks collectively. And even the airlines that do still hedge, such as Southwest Airlines Co., have changed their strategy, according to Raymond James' Syth.
“There's a lot more rationality,” she said. “If fuel spikes, the industry will counteract it without having any players that are off in the wilderness.” Bloomberg
What does pro-life, pro-family really mean?
The idea behind that phrase has long been an important organizing principle for pro-life groups like Focus on the Family and the Family Research Council.
For many who work for these organizations — or who vote for candidates endorsed by them — being “pro-life, pro-family” is not a euphemism for opposing abortion and same-sex marriage.
It acknowledges that protecting children, including ones not yet born, often requires protecting and supporting their mothers and families too.
We are in the midst of a serious crisis for vulnerable children and families, though, and these “pro-life, pro-family” organizations have been largely silent.
The crisis is the Trump administration's practice of separating children from undocumented parents, even when the families are asking for asylum. In one particularly horrific case, a mother said that her baby was taken from her while she was breast-feeding.
The number of children being taken is so large that the administration, using the fear these children must feel as a means of deterring undocumented immigration, is apparently building “tent cities” around military bases to house them.
Given their support of the administration, and an unwillingness to speak critically about immigration policy, “pro-life, pro-family” organizations now risk being tied to these and other horrific practices.
Some church groups and leaders have followed their broad pro-life commitments in condemning these practices. Evangelical leaders like Russell Moore and Samuel Rodriguez have signed a public letter of protest to the administration.
“The traumatic effects of this separation on these young children, which could be devastating and long-lasting, are of utmost concern,” they wrote.
On Wednesday, Cardinal Daniel DiNardo, president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, denounced the Trump administration's immigration policy.
“We urge courts and policymakers to respect and enhance, not erode, the potential of our asylum system to preserve and protect the right to life,” he said. Continue reading
News category: Opinion.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young Premier League football star from Bristol, his mum and his friends from the city, have all admitted affray after a melee erupted with a separate group in a nightclub's VIP area.
Bottles were thrown and weapons used when Newcastle United winger Rolando Aarons and members of his family and friends clashed with at least five men in the trendy Livello bar on Newcastle's Quayside.
The England under-20 player, his mother Joan Jacob, 46, and four others were originally charged with violent disorder but the prosecution accepted their guilty pleas to the lesser charge of affray.
Judge Edward Bindloss, sitting at Newcastle Crown Court, warned jail was a possibility and said the 90-second brawl at 2am in October 2016 was 'a serious incident with personal violence being used and items being thrown'.
One man in the other group suffered a 'nasty' head injury, Judge Bindloss said, though this was caused indirectly after door staff intervened.
The judge said: “Rolando Aarons and family and friends were celebrating a birthday and they were in Livello. There was no indication of any trouble or problems hitherto.
“CCTV shows this incident blew up out of nowhere and suddenly there is a large melee involving numerous people.”
Judge Bindloss said the injured man was hurt when door staff tried to escort him away from trouble – though he stressed there was no criticism of the doormen working that night.
The venue has been compensated for damage caused, the judge said. Only the injured man from the other group had made a witness statement and his friends had not helped police, the court was told.
The judge added: “Some of them were clearly involved in using violence against Mr Aarons and his family and friends.”
A member of the other group was the first to throw anything, the judge said.
“It can be said he escalated the incident.”
Aarons, who was born in Jamaica and raised in Bristol, made an immediate impact when he broke into the Newcastle United first team.
He grew up as part of the Bristol City youth set-up that saw Bobby Reid and Joe Bryan come through, but he made the switch up to Newcastle United while still a 15-year-old, and joined their youth set-up on Tyneside.
He moved to the city with his family and made an impressive impact in 2014, when still an 18-year-old, when he began playing in the first team and scored in the Premiership.
But the 22-year-old suffered injury set-backs and has now been loaned out to Hellas Verona in Italy.
The defendants were Aarons and his mother, both of Montagu Avenue, Gosforth, Newcastle; his cousin Garfield White, 23, a serving prisoner formerly of Wordsworth Road, Horfield, and his friends Kallum Phillips, 23, of Kensington Park, Easton, and Jamar Collins, 22, of Walker Close, Easton.
Charges were dropped against White's sister Sabrina, 24, after it was accepted she acted as a peace-maker on the night.
The judge granted all defendants bail, except for Garfield White, ahead of sentencing on May 22.
The judge said: “All options remain open, including an immediate custodial sentence.”
Police chase a man, first by car then on foot, who didn't want to be breath-tested.
WHILE most people were having a glass of champagne or beer at the stroke of midnight on New Years Eve, two Richmond LAC Highway Patrol Officers were busy chasing down an unwilling breath test candidate.
Just before midnight on December 31 police were carrying out stationary breath testing on River Street Ballina.
A car pulled up short of police then drove down Bagot street, Tamar street, Canal road then into Saunders Oval.
Police followed in a highway vehicle.
The driver, a 24 year old Ballina man, ran across the oval then entered the front yard of a private residence on Kerr street.
He jumped a fence, then was detained by police.
He was taken to Ballina Police station where he was charged with High Range PCA and trespassing.
He was also given an infringement notice for a traffic offence and had his licence suspended.
He will appear in Ballina Court later this month.
WATERLOO — Waterloo may build up to three more neighbourhood skateboard parks plus one or more dirt bike circuits as the City revives a dormant plan to expand action sports for kids.
"Our kids need less screen time and more outdoor time," Mayor Dave Jaworsky said.
Children using skateboard parks don't have to be tied to programmed sports and the City doesn't have to hire staff to oversee them, City officials said.
"It's very important that young people have a place where they can just drop in. We have a strong need for that in the community," said Karen Anderson, a landscape architect at City Hall who's leading the project.
Waterloo opened a central skateboard and bicycle motocross (BMX) facility on Father David Bauer Drive in 2012. A year later, council directed staff to move forward on a plan for a network of smaller, neighbourhood venues.
That process stalled for five years while the city worked on bigger plans for parks and neighbourhoods. It resumed this week when council voted to hire a consultant.
The central skateboard park is popular, but few kids live nearby. The proposal calls for neighbourhood skateboard/BMX venues at three sites: the Harper library branch and YMCA in the west end, the Albert McCormick Community Centre and library in the north, and RIM Park in the northeast.
"Each would be similar but unique," Anderson said.
Sites were chosen because children living nearby could walk, ride or skateboard to them. They have shelter, washrooms, access to food, and other activities.
New skateboard parks could be slightly smaller than the central skateboard park or much smaller, depending on funding and site constraints. The City may also consider installing a mountain bike circuit with a dirt surface at RIM Park.
Last week, we were met with the sad news of all Toys R Us stores closing soon. In honor of their passing, YouTuber Chase Holfeder took the “I Don't Wanna Grow Up” song and put it in a different key. WOW! It is sad!!! RIP Toys R Us!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the shockingly explicit moment two contestants on a controversial Serbian reality show boldly strip off and romp in a communal bedroom while the cameras are rolling.
Nikola Lakic and Zerina Heco, who are starring on the Big Brother-style TV series Parovi, which translates to Couples, put on a very public and very passionate display while getting cosy on a double bed in full view of their castmates.
In the explicit scenes, the TV couple got hot ‘n' heavy on top of the sheets and made so much noise during their sexy session that the other contestants woke up and had to ask them to stop.
(Photo: CEN/Happy TV)
(Photo: CEN/Happy TV)
According to local news reports , they romped for an hour before stopping.
Video footage shows the couple moving around on the bed, while the night vision camera catches all the action. At one stage, a fellow contestant is seen being roused from his sleep and sits up, moving to a sitting position at the side of his bed, while the couple continue to romp in the bed next to him.
It's said the shocking scenes occurred after the contestants were challenged earlier in the night to stage a mass mock wedding ceremony, complete with booze, which led to the saucy encounter.
(Photo: CEN/Happy TV)
(Photo: CEN/Happy TV)
The reality show is no stranger to controversy and has made headlines several times over the years.
In May this year, a man alleged his girlfriend was drugged before a sexual encounter on the series with a male contestant, whom the man believed could also have been drugged. At the time, there was no comment from the team behind Couples.
Scenes shown last year appeared to show a man attacking his wife.
In 2015, the watchdog behind Serbian TV revealed plans to move controversial reality shows to late night television slots because of their content, but a rep for the company behind Couples called the idea "excessive" and said the show did no harm, according to BBC News .
WASHINGTON (AP) — Don't expect designer babies any time soon — but a major new ethics report leaves open the possibility of one day altering human heredity to fight genetic diseases, with stringent oversight, using new tools that precisely edit genes inside living cells.
What's called genome editing already is transforming biological research, and being used to develop treatments for patients struggling with a range of diseases.
The science is nowhere near ready for a huge next step that raises ethical questions — altering sperm, eggs or embryos so that babies don't inherit a disease that runs in the family, says a report Tuesday from the National Academy of Sciences and National Academy of Medicine.
But if scientists learn how to safely pass alterations of the genetic code to future generations, the panel said “germline” editing could be attempted under strict criteria, including that it targets a serious disease with no reasonable alternative and is conducted under rigorous oversight.
Advertisement
“Caution is absolutely needed, but being cautious does not mean prohibition,” said bioethicist R. Alta Charo of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
“This committee is not saying we will or should do germline — heritable — editing. What we are saying is that we can identify a set of strict conditions under which it would be permissible to do it,” Charo added. “But we are far, far away from being ready to try.”
Genome editing should not go beyond healing the sick and enhance traits such as physical strength, what's commonly called “designer babies,” the panel stressed.
But the public should get involved in these debates now, to say what might one day be acceptable.
The long-awaited report offers advice — the prestigious academies cannot set policy. But it is considered a step toward creating international norms for responsible development of this powerful technology. The U.S. National Academies and its counterparts in Britain and China have been holding international meetings with the hope of doing just that.
“Genome editing is a new tool for gene therapy and it has tremendous promise,” Charo said. But, she added, it has to be pursued in a way that promotes well-being and is responsible, respectful and fair.
Genome editing is essentially a biological version of cut-and-paste software, allowing scientists to turn genes on or off, repair or modify them inside living cells. There are a few older methods but one with the wonky name CRISPR-Cas9 is so much faster, cheaper and simpler to use that it has spurred an explosion of research.
Under development are ways to treat a range of diseases from sickle cell and hemophilia to cancer. In lab experiments using human cells or animals engineered with humanlike
e disorders, scientists are unraveling how gene defects fuel disease — and are even trying to grow transplantable human organs inside pigs.
That kind of research is very promising, is adequately regulated today and should continue at full speed, the National Academies panel concluded.
When it comes to the more sci fi-sounding uses, it's quite possible scientists will learn how to perform germline editing in five to 10 years, said panel co-chair Richard Hynes of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Safety is one reason for caution, he said, as scientists will have to learn whether editing one gene has unwanted downstream effects.
Some critics argue that families plagued by inherited diseases already have other alternatives — adopt, use donated eggs, or undergo in vitro fertilization and discard resulting embryos that inherit the bad gene. But Charo noted that sometimes parents carry two copies of a lethal gene, guaranteeing any children inherit it. Others oppose the discarding of embryos for religious reasons.
For some families, “you can see there would be strong arguments for doing it” if the other criteria are met, said Robin Lovell-Badge of Britain's Francis Crick Institute.
Some countries prohibit any germline editing research. Others, such as Britain, allow laboratory research with genome editing in embryos, not for pregnancy but to understand human development.
In the U.S., scientists can perform laboratory embryo research only with private, not government, funding. Any attempt at pregnancy would require permission from the Food and Drug Administration, which is currently prohibited from using federal funds to review any such request.
“The bottom line is there is no planetary government with enforcement power,” Charo noted Tuesday.
(CNN) — American Girl‘s newest doll is a boy.
The beloved toy maker known for its 18-inch female figurines that hailc from different eras in American history is about to release its first male doll.
His name is Logan Everett, and he's part of a “new series of contemporary” characters that will be up for sale starting Thursday. Logan's character plays drums for Tenney Grant, a girl trying to make it big in Nashville's music scene.
Logan has a couple of looks including a leather jacket over gray T-shirt or a T-shirt that says “Play Loud” under an unbuttoned plaid shirt.
“A boy character has been a top request from our fans for decades,” American Girl spokesperson Julie Parks said in a statement Tuesday.
“We do an enormous amount of research with girls and their parents, and the one thing we've heard loud and clear is a desire for more—specifically more characters and stories from today—with more experiences, more diversity, and more interests,” Parks said.
Thursday will also mark the return of one of the classic American Girl dolls — Felicity Merriman, a young colonial girl who was archived in 2011.
In addition, American Girl will begin offering two new dolls later in 2017. A contemporary doll named Z Yang, who's a filmmaker, will be released in the Spring. And Nanea, a historical doll who lives in Hawaii during World War II, will be released this fall.
The 18-inch figures sell for $115 each, or about $140 for the doll, a collection of accessories and the doll's book.
With unconstrained, free high-speed Wi-Fi connectivity, an average user consumes over 300MB in an average 30-minute data session.
Public Wi-Fi will connect 40 million new users to the internet by 2019 and contribute $20 billion to India's GDP by 2019, according to a new report by global consultancy firm Analysys Mason. The report, launched on Wednesday, claims that around 100 million people would be willing to spend an additional $2-3 billion per year on handsets and a similar amount on cellular mobile broadband services, as a result of experiencing fast broadband on public Wi-Fi.
The report, commissioned by Google, further outlines an opportunity to develop a wider connectivity ecosystem with public Wi-Fi as a key component, which can not only benefit users and wireless internet service providers (ISPs) but also telecom service providers (TSPs), handset manufacturers and venue owners. TSPs in particular can benefit by monetising demand for faster mobile broadband and higher data volumes on their networks, as people get used to fast speeds and ubiquitous connectivity, the report says.
Public Wi-Fi will also drive productivity improvements from high speed Wi-Fi for the overall economy, and can also translate into tangible benefits to the GDP—by around $20 billion between 2017-19 and at least $10 billion per annum thereafter. The report further highlights that the investment in public Wi-Fi can further unlock an opportunity for mobile operators to offload excess data traffic from cellular networks, and deploy advanced technologies such as Hotspot 2.0 for ensuring interoperable roaming between cellular and Wi-Fi.
The Railtel project also shows significant pent up demand for connectivity, among train commuters in stations covered by the Railtel/Google project who have used the service. With unconstrained, free high-speed Wi-Fi connectivity, an average user consumes over 300MB in an average 30-minute data session. This is much higher when compared with an average 3G connection in the country currently, that consumes around 100MB per user per day, whereas an average active Reliance Jio user consumed 560MB of data per day. This heavy usage is clear testimony of the significant demand potential that lies dormant in India, and which can be activated through deployment of ubiquitous Wi-Fi networks in the country, according to the report. The report points out that the usage of over 300MB using the Railtel/Google high-speed Wi-Fi is just for a 30-minute session, compared to the usage of 560MB for a Reliance Jio user for an entire day.
GALLIPOLIS — Memorial Day park visitors have once again come and gone, but Gallipolis City Park — and the rest of the city — still await a variety of events to punctuate the summer season.
The longstanding tradition of Christian music ringing through City Park called “Gospel in the Park” can be heard most Fridays throughout the summer. The event has long been free and open to the public.
The Ohio Chautauqua will be returning to Gallipolis City Park between June 12 and 16 to feature scholars in costume and character, while engaging the crowd in what has commonly been referred to as “living history.”
Hot Summer Nights also returns to the French Art Colony with opening act HURL and FRIENDS, June 7. Following, Devin Henry will take the stage, June 14, New Jasper Station, June 21, Cee Cee Miller, June 28, Deep Creatures July 5, Paul Doefinger, July 12, Brent Patterson, July 19, Same Stephens, July 26, Ben Davis Jr., Aug. 9, Stringbenders, Aug. 16, Micah Kesselring, Aug. 23, and Paul Doefinger, Aug. 30. The events open at 6 p.m. and music beginning at 6:30 p.m. Admittance is $5 a person.
River Recreation Festival returns to celebrate America's birthday on the third and fourth of July. Pageants, music and food have long been associated with the event.
The Hoop Project returns to City Park July 21 and 22 as the premier 3-on-3 basketball tournament of the region with slots available for all ages to compete. More information can be found at thehoopproject.com.
The Old Car Show returns to City Park Aug. 11 and the City Park Yard Sale makes its appearance Aug 18. For more information about the yard sale, contact the Gallipolis Municipal Building.
The Harvest Moon Pow Wow and its traditional drum circles return Sept. 1-3 and the Gallia County BBQ Festival lights up Sept. 8. Vinton Baptist Church's Rock the Block will be held Sept. 29.
Dean Wright can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2103.
The Hoop Project, alongside the River Recreation Festival, has served as one of the largest events in Gallipolis City Park. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_DSCN2603-1.jpg The Hoop Project, alongside the River Recreation Festival, has served as one of the largest events in Gallipolis City Park. Dean Wright | OVP
According to a news release from the EPA, all results from water samples taken the last three days have shown hexavalent chromium below EPA's method detection limit of 1 part per billion.The EPA said it will post preliminary data on its website and will provide more results as they become available.U.S. Steel has resumed full operations after a Chrome release the previous week. The EPA will continue to monitor and sample water.The National Park Service has reopened its neighboring beaches and Indiana American Water is working with IDEM to reopen their Ogden Dunes drinking water intake.The NPS plans to oversee a long term sampling and monitoring plan. EPA and NPS will work together on this effort.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British beauty brand Liz Earle has a cult following among skincare fans, and now they can get the brand's best selling cleanser at a discount.
The brand has launched 15% discounts across all full sized items for a limited time on their website, and it includes the holy grail of face wash - the hot cloth cleanser (£14 for 100ml).
The fuss-free wash has won over 125 beauty awards, and comes enriched with cocoa butter, rosemary, eucalyptus and chamomile to gently remove grime when used with the accompanying cotton cloth.
It's no wonder it is loved by Editors and industry insiders alike.
But that's not the only item featured in the brand's surprise sale, there are also a number of other best selling products and collections shoppers can get for less - and if you spend £50 or more you'll also bag free delivery too.
Shoppers looking to combat under eye wrinkles, bags and dark circles should give the brand's Superskin eye cream (£33) a whirl.
Made with active botanical ingredients like pomegranate, green tea and rhubarb this velvety smooth cream is perfect for the delicate eye area.
Fans of face masks should give the Deep Cleansing Mask (£15) a go, made with green clay it draws our impurities and is great if you suffer from oily or problem skin.
If fragrance is more your thing there's also Liz Earle's 87% naturally derived Eau de Parfum, the most recent of the range is Botanical Essence No.9 - a fresh and woody blend of Damask Rose, patchouli, Haitan vetiver and vanilla.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephanie Davis might have had the week from hell but she still has her baby son to make her smile.
The 24-year-old actress was left "devastated" when her abusive ex Jeremy McConnell wasn't put behind bars.
But now it seems she's looking on the bright side - and concentrating on their seven-month-old son.
Sharing a photo of herself holding a smiling baby Caben in her arms, Steph looked every inch the doting mother.
(Image: Instagram)
"Had an absolute lovely day with the family taking Caben to the zoo to see the animals," she commented on Instagram.
"How beautiful is my boy, so lucky, just a dream."
Steph was said to be aghast that Jeremy, 27, wasn't locked up on Friday when he appeared in court for assaulting her earlier this year, reported The Sun .
Just hours after Jeremy walked out of court with a smile on his face, having received a 20 week sentence suspended over 12 months, the former Hollyoaks star was left in turmoil at the judge's decision.
Speaking to the newspaper's website a friend of Stephanie's said the verdict had left her "low", prompting pals and family members to worry about her.
(Image: PA)
Stephanie Davis releases statement as ex Jeremy McConnell is in court awaiting sentencing for assaulting her
"Steph's absolutely devastated. No one has ever seen her as low as she is now and everyone is worried about her," the insider explained. "She's trying to stay strong for Caben-Albi but it's been so hard for her to cope recently. Right now she is [at] rock bottom.”
“She wanted Jeremy to serve time behind bars and can't work out why it didn't happen.
“Her family and friends are surrounding her and trying to help her keep her chin up but it's tough.”
Mirror Online has contacted representatives for both Stephanie and Jeremy for comment.
(Image: PA)
Earlier on the day Jeremy had appeared at Liverpool Crown Court to be sentenced, with the 27-year-old model later looking the picture of relief as he left the court that afternoon.
Strolling outside with a slight spring in his step, the former Celebrity Big Brother star - who had his troubled past laid bare in court - couldn't help but flash a triumphant grim at having escaped a spell inside.
Strolling out of the court and into the streets a free man for all intents and purposes, Jeremy looked delighted with the decision made by Judge Lloyd.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
Stephanie Davis releases statement as ex Jeremy McConnell is in court awaiting sentencing for assaulting her
Having done away with his black tie which he sported earlier on, the tattooed model cut a more relaxed and at ease figure.
Wearing his window pane check suit jacket and trousers, Jeremy looked to have also removed his waistcoat.
Striding out of the court beside a number of people, the shamed reality star couldn't help but smile - presumably through relief at having escaped prison.
(Image: PA)
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
Jeremy, who was convicted of assaulting his ex and the mother of his son, Stephanie, had his troubled past laid bare before the judge handed down his sentence.
Speaking in court, Jeremy's legal team revealed the better nature of the star as well as his troubled past - something they claimed he is trying to conquer and move forward from.
Referring to his family life, Jeremy's lawyer described how his father had died in June this year, and how it was only three days after he attended the funeral that the offences occurred.
(Image: PA)
"He was in a very low frame of mind in the days up to this incident,” his lawyer explained, as he reminded the court that his client had no previous convictions before this.
They went on to describe how Jeremy stays with his cousin in Dublin; who had written a letter describing how the reality star helps care for a relative with autism, and “teaches him football”.
Describing how the tattooed model "clearly had a number of demons in his past that need to be addressed” the star's legal team revealed that he was in fact “clean” from cocaine use.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
Attesting to Jeremy's drug-free stat, his lawyer read a letter from a private clinic in Ireland confirming that he'd sought treatment for drug misuse.
“Jeremy was admitted to the clinic on April 3 this year for treatment for chemical dependency, and completed his treatment on April 23,” the letter read.
Following these revelations, the judge returned a verdict for Jeremy's assault on his ex-girlfriend, handing him 20 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
The star must also comply with the terms of a three-year restraining order banning him from contacting her, while he must also complete 200 hours of unpaid community service and pay £1,000 in costs and £1,000 to Steph in compensation.
Jeremy will also pay a victim surcharge of £115, all of which must be paid within 28 days.
Addressing the case and sentencing, Detective Inspector John Williams, of Knowsley Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit said: "This conviction should send a message to perpetrators of any form of domestic violence that we will do everything we can to put them before the courts, whatever their status, and will support all victims who report domestic abuse.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
"We have a team of dedicated officers who are specially trained to deal with victims and we also work with independent advisers and advocates to make sure they are supported through every step of the criminal justice process.
"I know how hard it can be for people who are suffering abuse to come forward, but I would urge them not to suffer in silence. If people can find the courage to speak out we will do everything we can to get them the help, support and justice they so desperately need and deserve."
*Anyone affected by the issues raised in this article can call the Women's Aid freephone 24-hour national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Arizona Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo says Zack Greinke won't be the team's opening-day starter.
Lovullo, speaking before Monday's spring training game against the Chicago White Sox, said the tightness that Greinke experienced in his groin in his latest start last Wednesday led him to rule out his ace for his usual opening-day role.
If there had been no health issue, Lovullo said, Greinke would be Arizona's opening-day starter for the third straight season. He was a 17-game winner last season.
Lovullo said he's not ready to name the starter for the March 29 opener at home against Colorado, although Robbie Ray would seem to be a logical alternative.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Kabul: The Islamic State group is claiming its fighters have captured Osama bin Laden's infamous Tora Bora mountain hideout in eastern Afghanistan.
IS released an audio recording saying its signature black flag is flying over the hulking mountain range. The message was broadcast on the militants' Radio Khilafat station in the Pashto language late on Wednesday.
It also says IS has taken over several districts and urged villagers who fled the fighting to return to their homes and stay indoors.
The Tora Bora mountains hide a warren of caves in which al-Qaeda militants led by bin Laden hid from US coalition forces in 2001, after the Taliban fled Kabul.
Afghan officials earlier said fighting between IS and the Taliban, who controlled Tora Bora, began on Tuesday but couldn't confirm its capture.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A key extension on the Metrobus route to join up the new bus network with Bristol Parkway station has been left off the map – because the buses can't reach the station itself.
Bristol Live revealed the buses could not physically access the Metrobus stops which were constructed at the back of Parkway station on Hunts Ground Road, and that the council, Network Rail, GWR and Metrobus were trying to sort out the mess.
Now, the new map for the three Metrobus routes which should all be up and running by the end of 2018 despite ongoing delays, has been produced – and the little spur off to Bristol Parkway is not on the map at all.
That is because work isn't even expected to start on sorting out the widening of the road to ‘update the station access' until the end of 2018, so it won't be ready for when the M3 Metrobus route which connects Emersons Green to the city centre.
And nor will it be ready for when the longest Metrobus route, the M1, connects Cribbs Causeway to Hengrove in South Bristol, with a planned stop on the way at Bristol Parkway.
This week, a spokesperson for Metrobus explained that the problems first revealed by Bristol Live in early December still had not been sorted.
“Parkway Station is constrained site,” she said.
“MetroBus will be a new user of the site, alongside existing bus services, taxis and minicabs, private cars, cyclists and pedestrians.
“Currently, the Parkway site can only accommodate buses arriving and departing through the front entrance.
“GWR and Network Rail are developing plans to update the station access and the bus terminal to allow MetroBus vehicles to use both the front and rear access to the station.
“This work is expected to start in late 2018,” she added.
The M3 Emersons Green to the city centre route is the only Metrobus route to have a confirmed start date – it will begin at the end of May.
The M2 route from Long Ashton park and ride to Temple Meads and the city centre was due to begin in spring, but Bristol Live revealed earlier this month that problems with the guided busway section of the route around Ashton Vale and Ashton Gate were causing delays and although Metrobus said it ‘expected' the M2 route to open by the end of 2018, they would not confirm this would happen.
The M1 route, which includes a spur to Bristol Parkway, is due to open at some point in 2018, and that is still on track to happen – apart from the Parkway spur.
Looking At The Politics Of Guns After The Massacre In Las Vegas NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with David Brooks of The New York Times, and EJ Dionne, of The Washington Post and co-author of One Nation After Trump about guns in the U.S.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is tonight going to be your lucky night?
With no winners of the EuroMillions AGAIN on Tuesday, tonight's jackpot is another rollover, with an even bigger prize at stake.
Anyone who matches all five main draw numbers and both Lucky Stars tonight stands to win £94 million, which would make a very good start to this chilly February.
As well as the main draw there will also be two guaranteed Millionaire Maker winners, each scooping £1 million.
(Image: SIphotography)
But remember, you've got to be in it to win it. If you would like to enter Friday's draw head over to the National Lottery site, pick 5 numbers from 1 to 50 and 2 Lucky Stars from 1 to 12. Then you're good to go.
Sales close at 7.30pm and we will have the results here for you just after the numbers are drawn.
The winning numbers are: 14 - 34 - 36 - 39 - 48
The lucky stars numbers are: 02 - 03
Millionaire Maker codes are JDQQ05088 and VDQW29418
Tuesday's winning Euromillions numbers were 11, 15, 21, 27 and 35, Lucky Stars 4 and 5.
For every Lotto ticket sold, a hefty slice of the money received goes to a huge variety of projects, both big and small.
Less than 1 per cent of the Lotto's total revenue is kept as profit after tax and four per cent goes on operating costs.
Total ticket sales in the year ending March 31, 2015 were worth £7,277.8 million.
The UK National Lottery was first drawn on November 19, 1994. Half all money spent by players goes to the prize fund, with 28 per cent to good causes, 12 per cent to the Government as duty, five per cent to retailers and five per cent to Camelot, which has operated the lottery throughout its history.
NEW YORK (AP) — Dozens of debutantes from around the world made their bows to society as 2016 came to a close.
The families of the 46 women who gathered Thursday night at The Pierre hotel on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue had paid about $20,000 for a table and a chance to dine and waltz through an evening filled with air kisses and haute couture.
This year's International Debutante Ball featured young women from countries including Canada, China, England, France, Scotland and the United States.
Chairwoman Margaret Hedberg said the gala is no longer “a marriage mart.”
“The girls today are savvy about networking, and their parents want to celebrate their coming of age,” Hedberg said. “We have had daughters of presidents — Eisenhower, Nixon and Bush. We've invited Ivanka Trump, who decided not to attend. And I would like to invite the Obama daughters, now that the president is leaving office.”
The 2016 group included Caroline Jones, the granddaughter of Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones; Lady Louisa Murray, daughter of the Earl of Mansfield, whose home is Scone Palace in Perth, Scotland; and Wendy Yu, of London, the director of an investment firm and daughter of a Chinese billionaire.
“The perception of the debutante ball is quite antiquated,” said debutante Kittsie Klaes, from Houston, who is a film major at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland and plans on becoming a screenwriter in Hollywood. “Now it really is an opportunity for young ladies to show what they've accomplished and what they hope to become.”
Here's a gallery of images from the International Debutante Ball.
___
Follow AP photographers and photo editors on Twitter: http://apne.ws/15Oo6jo
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
July 4 (UPI) -- International soccer stars have scored a record 10 goals at the 2018 World Cup.
Nine teams have scored an own goal at the tournament, led by host Russia, who is the only team with multiple own goals -- two. Morocco, Australia, Nigeria, Poland, Egypt, Mexico, Switzerland and Tunisia have the other own goals.
Only the Russians have advanced to the World Cup quarterfinals out of the field of own goal-scoring teams.
The previous record for own goals at the tournament came at the 1998 World Cup, when teams scored against themselves six times.
Iran vs. Morocco
Heartbreak for Morocco!
Bouhaddouz heads it into his own net in stoppage time to give Iran the lead. pic.twitter.com/f9781h4ujt — FOX Sports (@FOXSports) June 15, 2018
The first own goal of the 2018 World Cup also was the latest own goal scored in World Cup history. Moroccan forward Aziz Bouhaddouz supplied the score in the fifth minute of stoppage time of a 1-0 loss to Iran in the group stage on June 15 in St. Petersburg. Iran was taking a free kick on the play. Bouhaddouz was back defending. The Moroccan ran back and attempted to head a ball out of bounds, but headed it into his own goal instead, scoring for Iran.
France vs. Australia
POGBAAAAAAAAA!
What a run by Paul Pogba to finish off a pretty team goal! pic.twitter.com/zFRRYgjXal — FOX Sports (@FOXSports) June 16, 2018
Australia's Aziz Behich scored a goal for France in a 2-1 loss in the group stage on June 16 in Kazan, Russia. That goal came in the 80th minute. France and Australia were tied at 1-1 when Behich deflected a Paul Pogba shot over goalkeeper Mathew Ryan and off of the crossbar for the decisive score.
Nigeria vs. Croatia
Mandzukic gets there first, but Nigeria's Etebo gets the final touch to put the Croatians ahead! pic.twitter.com/cwwm7MgUPN — FOX Sports (@FOXSports) June 16, 2018
Oghenekaro Etebo was the only Nigerian to score in a group stage game against Croatia; unfortunately it was for the wrong team. Etebo netted the first goal of the game in the 2-0 loss on June 16 in Kaliningrad. He was standing in the wrong place at the wrong time for Nigeria during a corner kick during the sequence. Croatia sent in a bender, which deflected toward Etebo before hitting him and beating keeper Francis Uzoho. Luka Modric added another score in the 71st minute to secure the win for Croatia, who later advanced to the quarterfinals.
Poland vs. Senegal
Senegal takes the lead after Idrissa Gana's shot gets deflected into the back of the net! pic.twitter.com/GkEjWiunqT — FOX Sports (@FOXSports) June 19, 2018
Poland's Thiago Cionek pocketed the first goal for Senegal in a 2-1 loss in the group stage on June 19 in Moscow. Idrissa Gueye took a shot on that play, which Cionek deflected past keeper Wojciech Szczesny in the 37th minute. M'Baye Niang later earned a 2-0 lead for Senegal. Grzegorz Krychowiak scored the only goal against Senegal in the loss.
Egypt vs. Russia
Own goal strikes again! ... This time by Fathi. Russia takes the lead. #RUSEGY pic.twitter.com/gd5udXP8i1 — FOX Sports (@FOXSports) June 19, 2018
Egypt's Ahmed Fathy scored the first goal of the match in a 3-1 loss to Russia in a group stage match on June 19 in St. Petersburg. Russia midfielder Roman Zobnin sent in a shot from outside the box on that play. Fathy came running in to clear the ball. Instead, the shot deflected off of the defender and rolled past Mohamed El-Shenawy.
Uruguay vs. Russia
Uruguay gets another!
A long distance shot deflects into the back of the net to put Uruguay up 2-0. pic.twitter.com/RvwB8oKOcy — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 25, 2018
The Russians were involved in another own goal game during a 3-0 loss to Uruguay during the group stage on June 25 in Samara. That score came in the 23rd minute off the boot of Denis Cheryshev. FC Barcelona star Luis Suarez gave Uruguay a 1-0 lead in the 10th minute before Uruguay got some help from the Russian midfielder. Uruguayan defender Diego Laxalt attempted a long distance shot on the play. Cheryshev deflected the attempt past goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev in the 23rd minute. Edinson Cavani added the clincher in the 90th minute for Uruguay, who battles France in the quarterfinals.
Sweden vs. Mexico
Mexican defender Edson Alvarez contributed to his squad's undoing in a 3-0 loss to Sweden in the group stage on June 27 in Yekaterinburg. Sweden led 2-0 after goals from Ludwig Augustinsson in the 50th minute and Andreas Granqvist in the 62nd minute.
ANOTHER own goal! Sweden goes up 3-0! pic.twitter.com/4nGGxZUJr5 — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 27, 2018
Alvarez added a third goal for Sweden in the 74th minute. Sweden made a throw in on the play, which ended up in the box. Alvarez was standing just a few yards from the goal while trying to defend Ola Toivonen on the play. He got the ball caught up between his boots on the play, before accidentally deflecting it into the far post netting, past Guillermo Ochoa.
Switzerland vs. Costa Rica
Off the post, off the keeper's head and in the net.
Just how Costa Rica drew up their equalizer 😂 pic.twitter.com/MkeJ3tpfaJ — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 27, 2018
Switzerland's Yann Sommer prevented his team from beating Costa Rica, scoring the game-tying goal for the wrong side in a group stage match on June 27 in Nizhny Novgorod. Switzerland led the match 2-1 after getting scores from Blerim Dzemaili and Josip Drmic. Kendall Waston scored for Costa Rica in the 56th minute. It looked as though Switzerland had won its final match of the group stage, before the Swiss goalkeeper got very unlucky on a penalty kick. Bryan Ruiz stepped up for the try in extra time. His shot drilled the crossbar, before bouncing back and hitting Sommer in the back of the head and going back in the goal for a 2-2 draw.
Panama vs. Tunisia
Panama takes the lead!
Los Canaleros get a goal from José Luis Rodriguez to go up 1-0 on Tunisia. pic.twitter.com/2Nag8BVe7l — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 28, 2018
Panama got its only goal from its opponent in a 2-1 group stage loss to Tunisia on June 28 in Saransk. Yassine Meriah had the miscue in the 33rd minute, giving Panama a 1-0 lead early on. The defender was standing in the middle of the box before being hit by a shot from Jose Luis Rodriguez. The ball the deflected past Tunisian goalkeeper Aymen Mathlouthi. Tunisia made up for the miscue in the second half, getting goals from Fakhereedine Ben Youssef and Wahbi Khazri for the victory.
Russia vs. Spain
Spain takes the lead early!
The free kick comes to Sergio Ramos at the far post but it's Ignashevich who gets the last touch to put Spain up 1-0. pic.twitter.com/9j0mlZaMrE — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) July 1, 2018
Russia added its tournament-leading second own goal during a penalty kick victory against Spain in the round of 16 on July 1 in Moscow. That miscue gave Spain a 1-0 lead in the 11th minute. Russian defender Sergei Ignashevich was marking Real Madrid star Sergio Ramos at the back post during a free kick during the sequence. The two players wrestled for position, before the kick hit Ignashevich's leg and went past Akinfeev. Russia's Artem Dzyuba tied the game in the 41st minute on a penalty kick. Russia earned the victory by beating Spain 4-3 on penalty kicks after two scoreless overtime periods.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Bristol Rugby now back at the top table of European rugby next season, playing in the Aviva Premiership and European Challenge Cup, having won promotion out of the Championship, we take a look at all the transfer news and rumours at the clubs they will be playing next season.
Sale Sharks reported to be interested in signing Paddy Jackson, Stuart Olding and Israel Folau
Rumours are building that Aviva Premiership side Sale Sharks are interested in signing sacked Ulster pair Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding.
Fly-half Jackson, 26, and fellow Ireland international Olding, 25, who plays at centre, are on the hunt for new clubs.
The pair were found not guilty of raping a woman in Jackson's home in the early hours of June 28, 2016.
But the eight-week trial led to widespread criticism of their behaviour towards women and they were sacked by their PRO14 club and the IRFU - who said they failed to uphold the core values of the game.
Previously Top 14 big spenders Montpellier and defending Aviva Premiership Champions Exeter Chiefs were both reported as showing interest in Jackson.
However today, several well placed sources have reported Sale are interested in the pair.
Sale are rumoured to be on the hunt for a top class fly half and had been linked with Danny Cipriani who is leaving Wasps for an unknown club at the end of the season.
The latest reports come just days after The Rugby Paper reported the Premiership side have launched a £750,000 per season bid for Wallabies fullback Israel Folau who has hit the headlines for all the wrong reasons recently for his remarks about gay people.
Ospreys appoint new head coach
The former Ireland hooker Allen Clarke, who joined the Ospreys last summer as forwards coach, has been in interim control of the senior team since January.
Today the PRO14 club announced he has been handed a three year deal to lead the club.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
Most attacking scrum half in the Premiership signs new deal at Wasps
Wasps scrum half Dan Robson has signed a new long-term contract.
The 26-year-old No.9 joined Dai Young's squad from Gloucester ahead of the 2015/16 campaign and has since made 81 appearances.
During this time he has claimed 27 tries, ten of which have arrived during a prolific 2017/18 campaign which began with a four-timer against Sale Sharks.
Since joining Wasps, former England under 20 Robson has started a Premiership semi-final and final and also been part of the squad which reached a European Cup quarter-final then semi-final in consecutive seasons.
Falcons strengthen their front row with a second Tigers signing
Less than a week after announcing the signing of Samoan prop Logo Mulipola from Leicester Tigers, Newcastle Falcons have announced the return of England Saxons international George McGuigan.
The Leicester Tigers hooker will re-join Newcastle from next season, returning to the club he left two years ago.
McGuigan, 25, became the first graduate of the Falcons' AASE programme to play for Newcastle's first team, making 69 appearances over three years, of which 53 came in the Aviva Premiership.
Playing for England Saxons in 2016, McGuigan made 28 appearances in his first season at Leicester Tigers and is preparing to re-join the Falcons after overcoming the neck injury which has ruled him out of much of the current campaign.
Saints Lock to retire
Northampton Saints have announced veteran lock Christian Day will retire from professional rugby at the end of the 2017/18 season.
The 34-year-old second row has been a part of the furniture at Franklin's Gardens since 2008, winning a plethora of silverware in his time at the Club – including an Anglo-Welsh Cup, two European Challenge Cups, and the Aviva Premiership title.
Day, an immense set-piece operator, also starred in Saints' run to the Heineken Cup final in 2011 and was rewarded for his contribution to the 2013/14 double-winning squad with the Players' Player of the Season accolade.
Away from the pitch Day served as Chairman of the Rugby Players' Association from 2014 to 2017, becoming Vice Chairman for the 2017/18 season, and he will now take on a full-time position as Player Liaison Officer with the organisation from July.
Last week it was announced poor Rob Horne - the Australian international centre - has had to retire at just 28 after suffering life-changing nerve damage to his right arm in a tackle just 13 seconds into Northampton Saints game against Leicester Tigers on April 14.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A £168 million lottery jackpot was up for grabs tonight - the biggest ever on offer in the UK.
Tuesday's Euromillions prize was £167 million but remained unclaimed and so it rolled over again.
If you bought one, you can check your numbers below. Good luck!
Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are:
01 - 09 - 15 - 19 - 25
And the Lucky Stars are:
01 - 07
2 Millionaire Maker codes are:
THVG82566
TLZM98884
The draw was supposed to be made at 9pm but there was a long delay in releasing the numbers.
The National Lottery did not give a reason for the delay when contacted by Mirror Online but did say: "It takes longer to sort out the bigger draws."
The draw finally took place at around 9.46pm.
Disgruntled Euromillions players were furious at the delay and took to Twitter to complain.
One waiting player wrote: "Any chance of this Euromillions draw happening soon? Lad needs some kip."
Another added: "The euromillions draw is 50 minutes late. glad I voted out in brexit tbh."
A third said: "I'm here waiting for the euromillions draw, knowing i won't win but the suspense is killing me."
The EuroMillions jackpot has now reached its maximum jackpot of €190m​ilion​ Euros (£168​ million).
(Image: PA)
If it isn't won tonight, it will stay at €190 m​illion​ Euros for a further four draws until it has to be won in the fifth draw.
Any money which would have gone into boosting the jackpot will now be shared among players in the next prize tier with winners – most likely players matching five main numbers plus one Lucky Star.
In the past, this has created many multi-millionaires.
The current record holders are Colin and Chris Weir, from Largs in North Ayrshire, Scotland who won £161 million in 2011.
They have earned £5million a year in interest alone since their win and joked at the time about becoming as rich as David and Victoria Beckham overnight.
Gillian and Adrian Bayford from Haverhill, Suffolk, are the UK's second-biggest winners, trousering £148million in 2012.
And an anonymous ticket-holder won £113million in 2010.
Friday's National Lottery Thunderball numbers are: 6, 7, 20, 24, 39 with the special number 5.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kerry Katona has put together a new Atomic Kitten line-up – featuring two zombies.
The 37-year-old singer, who left the girl group last year following their brief reunion, posed with her new ‘bandmates' for an Instagram pic at Thorpe Park after it opened its gates at midnight for the first time in its 38-year history.
Hundreds of ‘zombies' descended on the Surrey theme park during the night as part of it's Mid-Fright event, where anyone dressed as the horror characters got to ride the new rollercoaster, The Walking Dead: The Ride, for free.
The rollercoaster is the world's first to be themed around the global TV phenomenon of the same name and featured state-of-the-art special effects and a replica of the iconic watch tower.
Thorpe Park spokesman Dominic Jones said: “We're delighted with the reaction to our first ever Mid-Fright experience for our valued guests centred around our new attraction The Walking Dead: The Ride.”
The singer, who was part of the band's original line-up but got replaced by Jenny Frost in 2001, was accused of being asked to leave the band after a "drunken incident at a personal appearance."
It was reported she drunkenly called bandmate Natasha Hamilton a "toxic c***" while out at a personal appearance in Manchester.
But Kerry has denied all the allegations, including that she was kicked out of the band.
“I'm very proud to be a part of Atomic Kitten,” Kerry said in a video to "set the record straight" on Instagram.
“No-one will ever take that away from me. I was never, ever kicked out of the band.
“The three of us all decided to knock it on the head as we have so much more lined up separately and as individuals next year which we all want to concentrate on.”
But now it looks like Kerry has found some new bandmates.
"New atomic kitten line up!!" she captioned a snap of herself stood between two zombies.
But as she shared it to Instagram, she insisted: "IM JOKING!!!" before any criticism was thrown her way.
Sleeping drug Ambien can cause a host of side effects, but it's unlikely racism could be categorized as one, as Roseanne Barr claims.
Tuesday, the comedian wrote in a since-deleted tweet that "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj." The "vj" stood for Valerie Jarrett, an Obama White House aide. This led to the cancellation of her hit ABC show Roseanne, and an apology from the comedian, who said at one point she was "Ambien tweeting," in another social media post that has since been removed.
Sanofi, who makes Ambien, tweeted a response Wednesday morning: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Why do people take Ambien?
Ambien, also known as Zolpidem, is a sleep medication. People use it to treat insomnia.
What are some problems associated with the drug?
Barr isn't the first to blame the drug for disturbing behavior. Years ago, Sen. Robert F. Kennedy's daughter Kerry Kennedy blamed Ambien for a drugged-driving incident. Ambien was also one of the drugs found in Tiger Woods' system after police found him asleep in his car in the middle of a highway.
What are the FDA's recommendations?
The Food and Drug Administration has expressed concern over how Ambien can impair activities (driving including), especially into the morning hours. For that reason, it has recommended the dose be lowered from 10 mg to 5 mg. "Patients with high levels of zolpidem can be impaired even if they feel fully awake," the FDA wrote in fact sheet about the medication.
Side effects of Ambien include:
Nausea, vomiting, muscle cramps and/or diarrhea.
Abnormal thinking and changes in behavior: "Some of these changes may be characterized by decreased inhibition, similar to effects produced by alcohol," according to its FDA-approved labeling.
Hallucinations: "Visual and auditory hallucinations have been reported as well as behavioral changes such as bizarre behavior, agitation and depersonalization." Confusion, disorientation and aggression are also listed side effects, the label states.
The label also warns against a possible worsening of depression or suicidal thinking; impaired alertness and motor coordination and impaired vision also have been reported, according to the manufacturer.
Blackouts, where the person drove, had sex or ate while they thought they were asleep, can be associated with the drug, American Addiction Centers reports. The drug has been linked to amnesia in some case reports.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Implementation of MediShield Life (National Health Insurance System) by the government, expansion of service and product portfolio by major public and private hospital chains, rising focus on geriatric care services and increased adoption of healthcare IT were the key factors driving growth in Singapore hospital Market.
The report titled “Singapore Hospital Market Outlook to 2022 – by Public, Private Hospital & Not-for-Profit Hospital, by Inpatient & Outpatient, by Acute, Community & Psychiatry Hospitals” by Ken Research suggested a growth at a CAGR of 3.9% in revenue in Singapore Hospital Market by 2022.
Singapore hospital market inclined at a positive CAGR during 2012-2017. The market is dominated by the public sector which offers specialized and integrated services at affordable rates. The private sector majorly focuses on elite class which prioritizes speed, comfort, assurance of the best medical care and privacy.
Macro trends positively affecting the hospital market include ageing population, rising chronic disease prevalence, escalating healthcare needs and increasing complexity of care needs. The market witnessed higher inpatient admissions, improvement in average revenue per inpatient admission due to higher complexity of medical conditions and increased preference for day procedures and outpatient services. Due to increasing ageing population, both public and private hospitals have invested in offering specialized services for the geriatric population. For instance, SingHealth introduced Steps to avoid falls in Elderly (SAFE) Programme and Singapore General Hospital introduced Community Care Programme in 2016 to aid the old age medical conditions.
Backed by greater demand, major hospitals have invested in expansion strategies. For instance, IHH Healthcare witnessed positive growth in revenue due to ramp up of Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital as the hospital added 30 beds. Most of the hospitals in Singapore have undertaken organic methods of expansion. Public hospitals have extended their capabilities to provide higher grade services at affordable prices. For instance, SingHealth established SingHealth Duke-NUS Disease Centres (SDDC) for diabetes, blood cancer, breast, head & neck, lung and liver transplant in 2017. Raffles Hospital extended its service portfolio to include skin, aesthetics and women related services.
The market faces certain challenges in terms of slowdown of medical tourism, retention of quality doctors, rising healthcare inflation and growing competition which has led major hospitals to shift their focus on expansion into neighboring countries such as China and Malaysia.
The market is expected to witness an increase in number of outpatients in public and private hospitals due to rising focus on preventive care services and growing awareness about various medical diseases and prevention.
For more information on the research report, refer to below link:
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/singapore-hospital-market/149669-91.html
Related Reports by Ken Research:
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/saudi-arabia-healthcare-market-research-report/1106-91.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/uae-healthcare-market-report/37505-91.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/qatar-healthcare-market-report/99730-91.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
Sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
© Lee Jae-Won / Reuters
North Korea's state-owned airline Air Koryo delayed its flights from Pyongyang to Russia and China without explanation. Foreign journalists were among those stranded in the airport, NK News reported.Flights to Vladivostok, Beijing, and Shenyang were delayed on Monday, with airline authorities failing to provide a reason.The Russian embassy posted an announcement on Facebook that Air Koryo had delayed the flights while providing "no rational basis for the delays.""Over 30 Russian nationals are waiting at [the] departure lounge," the announcement states, adding that diplomats are monitoring the situation."We strive to get an update from the DPRK [North Korean] Foreign Ministry and air service and demand that Russian citizens take their flights on designated routes," the Facebook post continues.Meanwhile, NK News reported that some of its journalists, along with other foreign reporters, are among those who are scheduled to travel on Air Koryo Flight JS 151 to Beijing. Other affected journalists include those from CBC, CBS, the LA Times, and Russia 24."This delay is not being explained at all, with no end in sight," NK News managing director Chad O'Carroll said. "DPRK airspace may be closed."O'Carroll went on to state that around 10 to 15 percent of the passengers for the Beijing flight had already checked in and gone through security, but others were told that check-in was closed before they could proceed."So, we are now in airside of the terminal, with the majority of the passengers still on the landside," O'Carroll said.In addition, a domestic North Korean flight from Uiju to Pyongyang was also delayed.The airline official in Beijing initially said the flight "should be rescheduled sometime before 12pm" local time, but that time came and went. The official later said the delay would "last until 4pm" local time.NK News later reported that "visitors" were boarding the Beijing flight, almost 12 hours after it was originally scheduled to depart. It remained unclear whether the journalists were also entering the aircraft.The flight to Vladivostok also eventually took off, a source from the city's airport told RIA Novosti, adding that it landed at 11:57am GMT on Monday.Air Koryo, headquartered at Pyongyang Sunan International Airport, operates flights to 23 destinations in Asia.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO (KPLR) - Missouri's new governor and members of the St. Louis County NAACP met Tuesday to find common ground. It happened at the capitol where there is some controversy revolving around what happened to the president of the state NAACP Monday. The controversy involves a house bill that some believe would legalize discrimination and prevent victims from suing the person or business responsible.
Nimrod Chapel, Jr. is President of Missouri's NAACP. He said, “It was embarrassing it was humiliating to be prevented from talking when everybody else is allowed to.”
Chapel was referring to what he said happened Monday night in a committee hearing concerning House Bill 550. Chapel said the bill permits discrimination. He said just after he compared the proposed legislation to the discriminatory Jim Crow laws of last century his microphone was cut and he was asked to leave. Chapel added, “As president of the NAACP I take great umbrage I speak for tens of thousands of people”. He wants and apology and the state rep. From southwestern Missouri removed from his chairmanship.
The controversy did not stop the annual St. Louis County NAACP legislative day in which a choir from Normandy High School performed. Members said they are willing work with all lawmakers to improve the lives of African-Americans. John Gaskin is a member of the St. Louis County NAACP and a national board member. Gaskin said, “Civil rights is a bipartisan political agenda and we should work with people on both sides of the aisle now whether they're willing to work with us is another story.”
The governor said he too would like to come together to achieve similar goals. Governor Eric Greitens said, “We still have a common mission and that mission is simple, its jobs, its justice, its public safety, its education, this is a common mission that can bring us together.”
As for the controversy, the lawmaker who folks said cut the microphone told our partners at the St. Louis Post Dispatch that he will hold another hearing
NEW HAVEN, Conn (WTNH) — They call it “Make a Splash with Summer Reading”. The idea is to make sure New Haven students have the books they need to keep their minds sharp of vacation.
That's why the courtyard of King-Robinson Magnet School had a dunk tank in it Wednesday morning, with teachers taking turns inside, and students paying a dollar for a chance to throw a baseball at the target. While the chance to dunk a teacher is the draw, there is another reason for all the fun. At a safe distance from the splashing are tables of books, because as much as these kids love dunking teachers, they love reading more.
“No matter what book, it's always a page turner, it always makes you want to read more of it, or there's a twist,” said 4th grader Nina Peterson.
“You imagine the story in your head,” explained Alaia Aquino, another 4th grader. “If you don't understand, you can just imagine it.”
The idea of splashing into summer is to keep that enthusiasm going.
“The research shows the more access kids have to books, the more likely they are to pick one up to read them, so we wanted to make sure on our end that we provided those books with the hope of picking one up,” said King-Robinson Magnet School literacy specialist Lisa Herb.
New Haven schools got publishers to donate books for kids in all the city's schools. Younger readers get little backpacks with books to keep them interested.
“I like to see stuff that I never saw before,” is why Pre-K student Jesse Schwartz says he likes reading.
King-Robinson is taking the summer reading challenge a step further. For the younger kids, once they read the books in their backpacks, they can fill out “reading bingo” cards that prove they have read everything. That makes them eligible for a raffle at the end of the summer for a free bike. It's all to keep these young brains from forgetting what they've learned.
“We call that the summer slide and we're trying to prevent some of that summer slide by providing these books,” said Herb.
“You have to learn in your brain,” said Trevon Williams. He is in Kindergarten, and has plans to read lots of books this summer. That way he can make a splash when he comes back to school in the fall.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Riyad Mahrez will be missing again when Leicester host Swansea in the Premier League.
The 2016 PFA Player of the Year went AWOL on Tuesday, after the Foxes ­refused to sell him to Manchester City.
The club insist they would have let the 26-year-old go if the league leaders had coughed up £80million cash.
But the King Power Stadium owners dug their heels in as Man City refused to meet their terms, which has left Mahrez claiming to be “depressed”.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Plumb Images/Leicester City FC via Getty)
Manager Claude Puel admits it is a “difficult situation” and could not confirm when Mahrez would be ­returning to the club — with Leicester ironically away to Man City next ­Saturday.
Puel was even unable to say if he had spoken with Mahrez after four days absent as medics, HR and lawyers are now set to get involved over the star's state of mind.
Before Saturday's visit from the Swans, he confirmed: “Riyad will not be available for this game.
“We will assess him when he has cleared his head.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“It is a tough situation for us to manage. I ­understand the ­disappointment when it was a good ­opportunity for him.
“I think Riyad after some time will come back with us. It is a situation ­between the club, myself and the player to manage calmly. The first priority is for him to find the good feeling again and enjoy his football.”
Mahrez first failed to report for ­training on Tuesday with no ­explanation which stunned team-mates and officials.
It plunged Leicester's preparations for their 2-1 loss at Everton on ­Wednesday into chaos as Mahrez was in Puel's line-up and the training ground was said to be “madness”.
But Puel insists he and City's stars are willing to welcome Mahrez back into the fold in due course.
The Frenchman added: “Riyad is a good player, but he is good man as well and I respect him. We will meet with his side and the club, and keep it between ­ourselves.
“His team-mates wait for Riyad to come back in the squad because he is a valuable player for us, a decisive, clinical player and is ­always their friend.
“I hope he can come back happy and find a smile with his team-mates.”
Mahrez, who has eight Premier League goals and seven assists this season, could face a club fine of two weeks' wages worth £200,000 if found guilty of going AWOL.
Leicester insist their £80m valuation of the player, who has two-and-a-half years left on his contract, was fair in a window that saw Liverpool pay £75m for Virgil van Dijk and Barcelona splash £145m on Philippe Coutinho.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Kids are exploring music this summer through a special camp.
Scroll for more content...
Tuesday's Art Sampler class was called 'Movin and Groovin.'
The Community School of the Arts at Indiana State University holds camps like these throughout the summer.
They allow students to get a new view through several kinds of art.
Instructors hope the students take away important lessons.
"We've been doing a lot of folk dances that go from different countries. So we're just teaching dances and trying to incorporate a little culture and stuff they can take back with them and know for the rest of their lives," Instructor Brooke Meadows said.
A black rhino is recovering from a CT scan that happened at Brookfield Zoo.The goal is to help her breathe. It was a major undertaking, moving 7-year-old Layla for the procedure.She weighs 2,300 pounds, so she's too big for treatment at the zoo hospital.A portable CT scanner was brought into a habitat for the rhino, and it's believed to be the first time that's been done to an animal of her species."The CT scan provided diagnostic results that we could not have otherwise obtained," said Dr. Michael Adkesson, vice president of clinical medicine for CZS, which manages Brookfield Zoo. "This procedure is an example of our commitment to providing the animals in our care with the most advanced medical treatment available. More importantly, though, the CT scan on Layla has provided us an unparalleled look inside of her skull. The images we obtained will guide our future treatment plan. We are extremely grateful to NeuroLogica and Sound Technologies for their support in this critical undertaking to help Layla."Layla was born on October 18, 2010 at Kansas City Zoo and arrived at Brookfield Zoo in 2012."Not only is Layla valuable to the rhinoceros population in professional care, she also plays an important role at Brookfield Zoo by raising awareness about the species and why conservation efforts are so critical," said Amy Roberts, senior curator of mammals for CZS. "When our guests come to see Layla and our other black rhinos, we hope they will be inspired to care about these amazing animals so that future generations will be able to also appreciate them.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City could make a swoop for Andres Iniesta this summer as Pep Guardiola ponders a reunion with the legendary midfielder.
That is according to Spanish outlet AS, who say Arsenal could also make a move for the playmaker should Luis Enrique succeed Arsene Wenger in the Emirates dugout.
The other option for Iniesta, if he leaves the Nou Camp, is a money-spinning transfer to the Chinese Super League, while PSG could also offer the Spaniard a lucrative swansong.
Barça will allow Iniesta to leave the club when he wants and on his own terms given his iconic career with the Blaugrana.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Top stories from the Daily Mirror
Arsenal believe Barcelona connection has them in place to land Luis Enrique
Pep Guardiola eyeing defensive starlet to add to Man City's Brazilian connection
Tottenham strike starlet Reo Griffiths targeted by RB Leipzig as contract impasse continues - all after four-goal haul against Arsenal
David de Gea says Manchester United must be more consistent if they are to challenge for the title next season
(Image: PA)
Gareth Southgate to consider Wolves captain Conor Coady for England spot - if he impresses in Premier League
Everton's £25million defender Michael Keane credits under-fire Sam Allardyce with his Goodison revival
Top stories form other papers and websites
Manchester United have stepped up their interest in Danny Rose (Guardian)
Arsenal join race for RB Leipzig winger Emil Forsberg (Bild)
Liverpool are chasing Championship duo James Maddison and Ryan Sessegnon (Express)
After Mastectomy, Young Woman's Tattoo Helps Her Feel Whole Again
Nicole was only 23 when she had a double mastectomy following a breast cancer diagnosis. After she recovered, Nicole got a chest tattoo that symbolizes how she wants to live life after cancer.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Our bodies change over our lifetimes. Those changes can be dramatic and unsettling after an illness. NPR's Rebecca Davis introduces us to a woman whose cancer diagnosis forced her to think differently about her body and how she could feel whole again.
REBECCA DAVIS, BYLINE: It's just a few minutes before 1 o'clock when the door to Lisa Doll's studio swings open.
LISA DOLL: Hey. What's up?
NICOLE HITE: Hi (laughter).
DAVIS: And in walks her next appointment. It's a young woman and her boyfriend.
HITE: Hello, how are you?
DOLL: How are you guys doing?
HITE: Good, nervous (laughter).
DAVIS: Nicole Hite (ph) is 25. And she's nervous because she's about to do something she's never done before - get a tattoo. And it's going to be a big tattoo that will cover much of her chest. Artist Lisa Doll goes over the final drawing.
DOLL: This is - be kind of the basic of the design. And what I'll do is I'll put it on and then...
DAVIS: Lisa takes the couple to a private room. It's an inviting space, tastefully decorated. Nicole takes off her shirt and lies down on a reclining chair.
DOLL: All right, so we're just going to start in, like, a small, little line. Do you feel that?
HITE: Don't really feel anything but your pressure from your hand.
DOLL: Good.
DAVIS: You wouldn't know it at first glance, but Nicole Hite has had a double mastectomy. And if you look closer, you'll see the scars and the fact that her breasts are smooth. There are no nipples.
DOLL: Do you feel that you have - that you're more sensitive or less sensitive due to the surgery?
HITE: Less sensitive. I've lost a lot of my nerve sensation.
DOLL: OK.
DAVIS: Getting this tattoo, Nicole says, is the final chapter in a story that started three years ago. That's when Nicole noticed some worrying changes in her breast. Her doctor ordered a biopsy. And then late one afternoon, she got a phone call from the radiologist telling her she had cancer in one breast - a very early stage but cancer nonetheless.
HITE: And he said, I know this sucks, but it is what it is. And obviously I was shocked. And I started crying because how the hell do you call me on the phone and tell me I have cancer? Like, in the TV shows, they call you in for an appointment, and they break the news in person. And it all happened on the phone within five minutes.
DAVIS: The news was all the more shocking because Nicole was only 22 at the time. She had no family history of cancer. Yet the cancer had spread throughout the breast.
HITE: And so to them, because it was so expansive in my mammary glands, they needed to do a mastectomy.
DAVIS: Nicole started thinking long and hard about the idea of having a breast removed and then reconstructed. And the thing she kept worrying about was the idea that her breasts would be so different from each other. They would be asymmetrical.
HITE: It's weird. It's kind of - I don't know how to explain it. Society has set women up to live by certain beauty standards. And so in my head, being a uni-boob (ph) - having one boob scared me (laughter).
DAVIS: Nicole's solution - to have both breasts removed and both breasts reconstructed. She says that way her body would look and feel more natural to her, except for her nipples. Those could not be salvaged.
HITE: I remember when I first saw my chest without the bandages after my mastectomy, I cried. And I didn't cry because I didn't have boobs. I cried because I didn't have nipples. It was heartbreaking because I at least wanted those. There's so much that goes into that - sexuality, just looking normal.
DAVIS: Now, Nicole could have chosen nipple reconstruction, but she'd heard the new nipples don't look very realistic. And then she noticed that some women were replacing their nipples with what's called a restorative tattoo. Artist Lisa Doll says this kind of tattoo makes use of a classic painting technique called trompe l'oeil, which is French for optical illusion.
DOLL: Meaning using light and shadow to create a 3-D image where there is no 3-D image - so a flat surface.
DAVIS: So that flat surface at least looks like a three-dimensional nipple. Now, Doll says some cancer survivors take the tattooing even further and go for an elaborate design that covers scars and fills in the chest with something new and meaningful.
DOLL: It's physically scrapbooking that moment in time. So cancer took something away from them, put a mark on their body. But they're leaving that lasting mark.
DAVIS: And that's what Nicole Hite decided she wanted not the illusion of a nipple but a statement and big enough to mask the thing that was bothering her the most - her scars.
HITE: Because I would look down and be sad about my scars.
DAVIS: Nicole imagined a dramatic, symbolic work. She pictured objects coming apart into the pieces of a puzzle and then coming back together again.
HITE: You always hear about people breaking down and shattering into pieces and then picking themselves back up. I feel like I had done that.
DAVIS: And she wanted a pocket watch tattooed over one breast because...
HITE: Time was a huge part of my recovery not just physically but emotionally and mentally.
DAVIS: Nicole took her design ideas to Lisa Doll. She sketched it out, and Nicole was thrilled. But as the months passed, Nicole noticed she was changing, that she wasn't as sad as before, that time, just like that pocket watch indicated, was working its magic. And the tattoo she was so convinced she wanted - well, that is not the tattoo she's getting inked on her chest today.
HITE: (Laughter).
DOLL: You're almost done. We are finishing up her left breast.
HITE: It feels like a bee sting.
(LAUGHTER)
DAVIS: Lisa Doll has been working on Nicole for about three hours. And then, finally, she's finished.
DOLL: OK. Go ahead and check it out.
HITE: Woohoo (ph).
DAVIS: Nicole gets up and goes to a mirror. She's slim. Her long, dark hair is held back by a headband. She stands up very straight and studies the fresh tattoo.
HITE: I love it. I absolutely love it.
DAVIS: Nicole thought she wanted a tattoo to cover her scars, to cover the sadness she felt when she saw them. But the image she sees in the mirror reveals something else - that Nicole Hite has made peace with this body. So instead of a big, expansive tattoo, her smooth breasts are adorned with a weeding branch of cherry blossoms and pinks and reds.
HITE: It's elegant and delicate, and it doesn't cover too much of my scar tissue. I don't think my scar is anything to be ashamed of - perfect.
DAVIS: Rebecca Davis, NPR News.
HITE: Yay. Thank you so much.
DOLL: No problem.
HITE: I'm very happy with this.
DOLL: I like it a lot.
(SOUNDBITE OF LORD HURON SONG, "FOOL FOR LOVE")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through her short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of her songs playing in the background.Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted "(expletive) happens." Her representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard she said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance."She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously," Perna told Billboard. "A shame that production set her up to fail."Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and she flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when she got on stage."However, that was not the case, and they were again told that her earpiece was not working," Perna said. "Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live."In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims "absurd.""As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists," it said. "To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd."It said that in "very rare instances" there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance."We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry," it said.A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for her rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
This week, Virgin Mobile unveiled its latest move as part of an extensive UK relaunch of the iconic brand.
According to a report from the respected brand, a new marketing campaign launched today will see Virgin Mobile back on TV screens for the first time in eight years.
Virgin Mobile also recently launched its 4G service with free WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger and Data Rollover and a new five year full Mobile Virtual Network Operator (MVNO) deal with BT, a media announcement reads.
The new campaign coincides with the tenth anniversary since Virgin Group founder Richard Branson launched parent company Virgin Media in February 2007 to create the UK's first ‘quad play' provider offering ultrafast broadband, mobile, home phone and TV. The multi-million pound campaign includes digital, social, press and out of home advertising, the TV advert will air on Saturday 11 February during ITV's Ninja Warriors.
Directed by Ernest Desumbila, the creative powerhouse behind the highly acclaimed Adidas “There Will Be Haters” advert, the campaign centres on a series of striking phone cases using fast-paced and bold imagery carrying phrases like ‘WhatsApp like a demon', ‘data doggy bags' and ‘be a monthly plan player' to highlight the main benefits of Virgin Mobile's game changing 4G offer.
Peter Kelly, Managing Director of Virgin Mobile, said: “This is a big moment for Virgin Mobile and a fitting tribute to our history as pioneer in the UK mobile market.
Looks like Kendall Jenner has a new man. According to Page Six, the supermodel is in a relationship with NBA star, Philadelphia 76ers player Ben Simmons.
Multiple sources corroborate the Kendall-Simmons romance rumors, with one insider close to the new couple confirming that they've been dating “for a few weeks” now.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nothing official has been confirmed by either the 21-year-old basketball player or the 22-year-old model, but the pair has apparently been spending some covert alone time together as of late.
#OTTNO 💪🏽🤟🏽 A post shared by Ben Simmons (@bensimmons) on Mar 22, 2018 at 7:16pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to Page Six, Jenner and Simmons were spotted on a lunch date at the Beverly Hills Hotel earlier this week. The week prior, the two reportedly enjoyed a night together in New York City and hung out with a group of friends at Manhattan's Vandal bar and lounge.
There was no photo evidence of the recent romantic rendezvous so the new couple could have a chance to hang out away from the cameras. “Security measures seemed to have been taken to ensure Kendall and Ben enjoyed their night hassle free,” explained a witness, adding that Jenner and Simmons definitely appeared couple-y. “They were smiling the night away with their friends."
🌴🌴 A post shared by Ben Simmons (@bensimmons) on May 14, 2018 at 3:37pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The supermodel's newest 6-foot-10 love interest comes on the heels of her previous fling with another big-name basketball star, former LA Clippers player Blake Griffin (who was recently traded to the Detroit Pistons). It was assumed that Jenner and Griffin had broken it off after the supermodel was seen getting flirty with Diplo at Coachella in late April.
Me and Kendall just chillin out at a party A post shared by diplo (@diplo) on Apr 19, 2018 at 9:48am PDT
Simmons has been previously linked to singer/songwriter Tinashe. The two were photographed together in March this year, but reportedly split shortly thereafter.
❤️🔒 A post shared by TINASHE (@tinashenow) on Mar 21, 2018 at 8:21pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jenner typically keeps her love life well under wraps, so we'll just have to wait and see if her new relationship with Simmons makes it to "Instagram official" status.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TOWIE star Jordan Wright has been axed amid a row over him allegedly taking paid sick leave from his job at the London Fire Brigade.
The 25-year-old has been off work since February, but has featured in every episode of the new series on ITVBe, which kicked off on March 12.
London Fire Brigade staff are not allowed to have second jobs without written permission.
Working on sick leave is also banned.
Jordan, from Stanford-le-Hope, Essex, who also describes himself as a personal trainer and regularly posts pictures of his gym workouts, has not cleared his reality TV career with bosses.
(Image: jordanwrights/Instagram)
It has left some of his fire-fighter colleagues fuming. One said: “Why is he still being paid to do a job that he's not doing, while we can all see him on TV?”
Wright stopped filming last week after the Mirror contacted producers.
He is expected to appear only briefly in Sunday's episode.
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
His showbiz manager hung up when asked why his client was claiming sick pay.
A show insider said: “We won't film with him until this is resolved.”
London Fire Brigade is understood to be investigating.
Bahadur Nishad with a photo of his son Deepak, one of the 30 children who died in BRD Hospital at Gorakhpur. Photo: Nikita Doval/Mint
Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh: A black Hero Splendour stands at the entrance of the mud house. The number plate proudly bears the legend Bahadur, the name of its owner. Bahadur Nishad, a 28 year-old house painter, purchased the motorcycle in 2010, three years before his older son Deepak was born. “He used to love bike rides. And then I had to bring his dead body back on it,” Bahadur says, without a trace of emotion, staring into space as he talks.
Bahadur's four-year-old son, Deepak was one of the 30 children who have died in Gorakhpur this weekend as oxygen supplies failed at the Baba Raghav Das (BRD) Medical College, leading to 63 deaths, 30 of which were of children.
On paper none of the deaths, most of which happened on the intervening night between 10 and 11 August, are due to lack of oxygen, the supply of which was cut off to the hospital by the vendor due to non-payment of dues on 9 August, although at least one death, that of Subhash Prajapati's six-day-old daughter, who is simply identified as NBF (new born female), has been listed as low birth weight respiratory distress syndrome.
Deepak's death in official records is listed as Sepsis but Bahadur says he saw doctors struggle with his son for two hours, working on a “pump” as he calls it before declaring him dead at 10:00 am on the 10th.
Only a proper inquiry will unearth the cause of deaths. The state government is pointing the finger at Japanese Encephalitis, which has traditionally been a problem in Gorakhpur.
“See, 20 children dying in a day in this season in Gorakhpur is not a big deal. It's a harsh statement but it's the truth. This is the season when encephalitis ravages this region and children bear the brunt of it,” says a doctor on condition of anonymity. What is shocking is that the children may have died because the hospital ran out of oxygen.
Prajapati, 32, was woken up at 1:20am on 10 August by an announcement of his name, asking him to come to the intensive care unit. His five-day-old daughter, one half of a twin pair, was born a month premature and was admitted there. The other infant was with the mother in the general ward.
“I was given the pump and asked to keep pumping it. I kept doing it. At one point of time they tried to take blood from her. Finally the doctor told me she's gone.” The mother Jeena Devi who is cradling her other child says she didn't even get to see the child. “I wanted to call her Divya,” she says. Prajapati was in Bengaluru when he was told that the babies were arriving early.
In every corner of the hospital there are stories about patients left scrambling for answers as well as supplies. Bahadur was asked to arrange for syringes for his child.
It was in 1978 that Acute Encephalitis Syndrome was first recorded in Gorakhpur. Over the years it is estimated that more than 25,000 people have lost their lives to it. A mosquito-borne disease it peaks during the monsoon. “Paani ki wajah se, gandagi se, bahut kaaran hai (because of water, dirty surroundings, there are several reasons)”, says 27-year-old Govind Sharma clutching onto his 18-month son Ramesh. His son has been diagnosed with encephalitis too and was in hospital that fateful night but did not face an emergency. “The doctors say recovery will be long but he's in no immediate danger.”
The locals know the disease as mashtishk jwar (brain fever) and while there is enough awareness on ground about it there is little knowledge about how to tackle it.
Patients, even if they are willing to shell out money for private treatment, still have to head to BRD Medical College as it is the only hospital in eastern Uttar Pradesh with the facilities to treat encephalitis. Doctors share tales about being overworked during this season with families camped out in corridors as the children are treated.
In a letter dated 8 August sent by Pushpa Sales, the oxygen suppliers to the medical college, a copy of which has been reviewed by Mint, the vendor clearly states that they only have oxygen supplies for two or three days more and asks the hospital to arrange for jumbo cylinders.
The supply has now been restored but it's too little too late for people like Bahadur and Jeena Devi.
Bahadur had to bring his son's body back on the bike because there were no ambulances and a private vehicle wanted Rs1,500. His younger son, 17-month-old Diwakar too is down with fever but he is scared of taking him to “medical” as he refers to the hospital. “I have one son left. I'd take my chances rather than take him there,” he says, still staring into space.
New Delhi: PV Sindhu will kickstart India's campaign in the Dubai World Superseries, She will face China's He Bingjiao.
Sindhu is currently ranked world number three in the Women's category, meanwhile Bingjiao is ranked world number nine.
Sindhu is right-handed, meanwhile Bingjiao is left-handed.
(Also read: Dubai World Superseries Finals 2017: When, Where, TV Listing and Draw)
In 2017, the Indian has won 40 matches, out of a total 52 matches. Her Chinese counterpart has won 23 matches, out of a total 37 matches.
They have faced each other nine times, with Bingjiao winning five times, and Sindhu coming on top four times.
(Also read: Dubai World Superseries Finals 2017: Kidambi Srikanth and Viktor Axelsen - A Short Analysis)
The last time, they faced each other in the Korea Open in September of this year, where Sindhu beat the Chinese, 21-10, 17-21, 21-16.
They first met in the Yonex Sunrise Indonesian Masters 2015, where Binjiao beat her 23-21, 21-13.
They will be playing each other on the 13th of December.
Broadband customers could find it easier to walk away from a contract without penalty if the speed provided is not up to scratch under plans unveiled by the regulator.
Ofcom said the proposed moves should "strengthen the hand" of broadband customers, giving them more realistic information up front before they sign a contract.
It said there can be a mismatch between what broadband customers believe they are buying and what they actually receive.
It is proposing to enhance codes of practice which commit internet companies who have signed up to them to give customers an estimated range of speeds they are likely to receive - as well as the right to exit their contracts penalty-free if their speed falls below a minimum level.
The proposals would give providers up to one month to improve speeds before they must let customers walk away without penalty.
The right to exit would apply, for the first time, to contracts with phone or pay-TV services bought by households alongside broadband.
Ofcom said it expects to publish a final decision on the improved codes of practice early next year.
Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's consumer group director, said: "We plan to close the gap between what's advertised and what's delivered, giving customers a fuller picture before they commit to a contract.
"We're also making it easier to walk away from a contract, without penalty, when companies fail to provide the speeds they promise."
Gillian Guy, chief executive of Citizens Advice, said: "Many people seek our help each year because their slow and intermittent broadband service falls short of what their contract promised.
"For most people, a reliable broadband connection is a necessity - so when they don't get what they've paid for they should always have a quick and easy way out of their contract.
"These changes are an important step in giving consumers more power to hold their broadband provider to account for poor service."
BUFFALO, N.Y. — The NHL suspended Buffalo Sabres forward Johan Larsson two games for cross-checking Florida Panthers forward Vincent Trocheck in the face.
The league's department of player safety issued the ruling after conducting a hearing with Larsson on Friday, a day after Buffalo's 4-2 loss to the Panthers. Larsson was already facing a one-game suspension after being issued a 10-minute match penalty and 5-minute cross-checking major for his hit to Trocheck with 35 seconds left in the game.
The hit occurred after Trocheck and Sabres defenceman Jake McCabe got their sticks up during a skirmish at the Panthers blue line. Larsson skated toward Trocheck and cross-checked him.
In its ruling, the NHL noted Larsson's stick initially hit Trocheck high on the left shoulder before riding up to connect with the player's cheek. The league, however, noted players are responsible for their sticks.
"When a player attempts to intentionally use his stick to deliver a blow to an opponent, he cannot necessarily be excused of all responsibility when the blow lands in an unintended place," the league ruled.
Following the game, Larsson said he merely "pushed him a little bit and the ref came and grabbed me."
The fifth-year player will lose close to $15,900 in salary and miss Buffalo's home games against St. Louis on Saturday and Anaheim on Tuesday.
Emotions boiled over between the Sabres and Panthers shortly after Florida's Colton Sceviour closed the scoring with 2:24 remaining. Officials issued a total of 56 minutes in penalties to six players, including Larsson, over the final 2:01.
The Associated Press
It will be an emotional week for the family of a Mid-Michigan woman who was killed in her sleep more than two decades ago.
Michael McIntyre, 51, is accused of murdering Diane Ross back in 1991. Ross was beat to death in Midland County's Lee Township.
She was the mother of McIntyre's former girlfriend.
The 43-year-old woman's murder remained a mystery until last year when a review of the case turned up new evidence.
McIntyre was arrested soon afterward. He pleaded not guilty.
His jury trial begins Monday.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor has admitted he is actively pursuing a fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr and has vowed to knock his head "clean off".
UFC star McGregor and the former world champion boxer have both hinted at a fight, which would take place in a ring, not the Octagon.
Reports emerged earlier this week suggesting an agreement had been reached between the two men. Mayweather has since denied this is the case, claiming he is "happily retired".
McGregor, though, is not so coy.
“I'm pursuing that [fight],” McGregor told GQ , “and no one can stop me from pursuing that.”
When asked if he stood a chance against Mayweather with a pair of boxing gloves on, he said: "He's got a little head on him. Honestly, my fist is bigger than his head.
He added: "I sleep people. I put people unconscious. I'm stating facts. If I hit that man, his head is gonna go into the bleachers. You understand that? If I crack that little head of his, it's gonna go clean off his shoulders and up into the bleachers."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Years ago I made a film about a Frenchman who had frozen his wife after her death in the belief that she could be revived at some point in the future when medical science allowed.
I made the film in a spirit of deep scepticism. When you freeze the human body for any length of time outside a lab the body tissues become solid in much the same way as the runny white of an egg solidifies when you boil it.
Imagine trying to get back the runny white of egg after boiling.
But we're now in the throes of a ­cryogenic renaissance. Last month a London teenager with terminal cancer became the first British child to be ­cryopreserved after her grandparents stumped up £37,000 to have her body flown to be stored in the US. The girl had said she didn't want to die.
It was Robert Ettinger in 1964 who set this ridiculous hare running. He ­theorised that you pack the body in ice ­immediately after death. You replace the water in the body's cells with a type of human ­antifreeze. Then you store it head down in a tank full of liquid nitrogen at a temperature of -196C.
When the cure for the cause of death has been found, the person can be defrosted and brought back to life. Since Ettinger came up with this theory, 2,000 people have paid to be frozen and stored. But would you go for whole body freezing or take the cheaper option of preserving just your head?
People have already been known to ­cryopreserve their pets. Several ­celebrities including Simon Cowell, PayPal founder Peter Thiel and US TV host Larry King, want to get frozen when they die. Oh, do come off it!
No scientist thinks a brain can be revived after freezing or a body can be brought back to life. The ghoulish people offering this crazy service are playing on the fear of death – I always thought they should be exposed for the morbid ­confidence tricksters they undoubtedly are.
And I'm not the first to say by ­promising immortality these cryonic firms are robbing death of its dignity.
When I made the film in France I knew the man was a fantasist. But I understood him. As the husband of the woman he loved he wished to preserve his wife so that he could continue to love her.
But what we have with cryogenics is deceit and ­extortion. End it.
New York City first proposed building a subway line under 2nd Ave. on Manhattan's far East Side in 1929, a plan derailed by the stock market crash, and the city broke ground on the project in 1972 (for the first time), but the Second Avenue line remained mostly just on paper until tunneling began in earnest in 2007. On Sunday, the new line opened to the public, with the promise of eased congestion and lightened traffic on the 4, 5, and 6 trains. "I was very choked up," Betsy Morris, 70, told The New Times as she rode the first train to leave the 96th Street station. "How do you explain something that you never thought would happen?"
The new subway line, serve by the Q train, is only three stops — 96th, 86th and 72nd Streets — spanning nearly two miles, with a connection to an existing line at 68th Street. It cost $4.4 billion and is expected to carry some 200,000 passengers a day, with plans to extend the line north into East Harlem. The entire New York City subway system serves an average of 5.6 million riders a day, and with the three new stops, has 472 stations, the most of any subway in the world. Peter Weber
× Russian plane shot down in Syria
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to Russian state-run news agencies.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Idlib province in northwest Syria, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al-Nusra Front fighters, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for a de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
The ministry said more than 30 militants in the area were killed in a retaliatory strike, according to RIA Novosti, citing “radio intercepts.”
The defense ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the aircraft before it crashed, according to state-run news agency TASS, but died while fighting al-Nusra fighters.
TASS reported that “according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system.”
But a witness who spoke to CNN via Skype on condition of anonymity said the jet was shot down by Free Syrian Army fighters with a group called Jaish al-Naser as two jets were “striking the village of Massaran on the southern side of Saraqib.”
The witness said that a pilot parachuted. A Free Syrian Army fighter in the area told the source that the pilot “engaged with FSA fighters with a pistol but they killed him eventually.”
The source left the area after the second jet fired more missiles.
Other witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, he said
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
Idlib has long been the region where civilians and fighters have gone as they fled rebel-friendly areas under siege by the Syrian regime.
With the help of Russian forces, the Syrian government has managed to take back much of the country held by rebels. The regime has launched an offensive to retake Idlib, the only province that has come under full rebel control in the nearly 7-year-old conflict.
By Dakin Andone and Bijan Hosseini, CNN
Wind power can be explained as the use of air flow through wind turbines to mechanically power generators to produce electricity. Wind power has many advantages, some of the major ones happen to be it is an environment friendly alternative to burning fossil fuels, it is readily available, it is clean and also it does not emit any harmful gases into the atmosphere.
Recently, the largest growth in the renewable energy sector has been in the production and the use of wind power. As traditional global onshore markets are challenged by policy transitions and saturation of developable resources, the offshore sector represents an important area of growth particularly in carbon-intensive markets.
The global wind power market has been largely benefiting from the changing paradigms in government regulations and end-users perspective towards reducing global dependence on coal and other fossil fuels. With several driving trends such as, increasing share of renewable energy, rising investment towards development of clean energy dramatic cost declines and capacity additions, Wind Power has remained more reliable resource.
Wind Power Market – Competitive Analysis
Wind Power market appears to be competitive with the presence of several large and small players operating in the Wind Power Market. These Key players compete based upon pricing, quality, technology and reputation. Wind Power market demonstrates a high growth potential which is likely to attract many entrants to the market resulting in to intensified competition further. Manufacturers operating in the Wind Power market strive to respond to the growing demand for larger wind capacity Moreover, manufacturers mainly ensure to deliver the best quality products based on innovative technologies, and best practices.
Trump Claims Voter Fraud, FEC Wants Administration's Evidence
Audio will be available later today.
Morning Edition's Rachel Martin talks to Ellen Weintraub — commissioner of the Federal Election Commission — about the Trump administration's claims of voter fraud.
In his book on dancing star and rebel hero, Shammi Kapoor: The Game Changer, journalist and film critic Rauf Ahmed gives readers a view of Kapoor's ascent into stardom. He has Kapoor detail the secrets of his incredible dancing ability, with Kapoor being quoted as saying, “The sound of any music evoked in me a strong urge to dance. The rhythm didn't take time to seep into me and seek expression in dance. I always envisioned dance as a visual expression of music. The urge to dance was dormant in me for long.”
Shammi Kapoor, who would have turned 86 later this year had it not been for his demise on August 14, 2011, went on to carve his own niche, distinct from the on-screen personas enjoyed by Dilip Kumar, Dev Anand and Raj Kapoor. Kumar was the tragic lover, the tortured soul, the male Meena Kumari before Meena Kumari came along. Dev Anand was rakish, confident, the ultimate city slicker and it was that persona that set him apart from his peers. Raj Kapoor, the eldest of Prithviraj Kapoor's children, went on to be defined by his roles in films like Awaara, Shree 420, Jagte Raho and Anari.
Shammi Kapoor didn't set the Hindi film industry ablaze with his sense of style and dancing rhythm from the very beginning. He had about 18 failures against his illustrious surname before writer-director Nasir Husain's Tumsa Nahin Dekha (1957) catapulted him into fame and stardom. With Husain casting Shammi Kapoor as a flamboyant, debonair, Western-styled character in that film and then in Dil Deke Dekho thereafter, Kapoor went on to become the rage of the 1960s, starring in several hit films like Junglee, Professor, Kashmir Ki Kali, Teesri Manzil and An Evening In Paris.
Kapoor was irresistible in these roles. His theatrics were unique. He was a bon vivant, the very antithesis to Dilip Kumar's tragic persona. Nasreen Munni Kabir summarised his appeal best in Bollywood's Top 20 Superstars of Indian Cinema: “Most importantly, he exuded an unabashed and irresistible sexuality that was far from the heroes of the time, who projected romanticism but rarely sexuality. With his dreamy eyes, soft voice, charming dialogue delivery and arresting personality, Shammi Kapoor radiated the raw appeal of an Elvis Presley – especially evident when performing songs.”
Play Baar Baar Dekho, China Town (1962).
Many have suggested that Shammi Kapoor was an extension of the Dev Anand character. Both men essentially played urban characters and exuded a certain comfort with Western modernity. There are also a handful of roles initially scripted for Anand and eventually performed by Kapoor. Nasir Husain's directorial debut Tumsa Nahin Dekha was written keeping Anand in mind, but with the actor turning the film down, it was Kapoor who benefitted by playing the lead protagonist.
Kapoor also replaced Dev Anand in Subodh Mukerji's tentatively titled film Mr Hitler, which was eventually released as Junglee (1961). He then walked into Teesri Manzil (1966) after Anand and Husain had a fallout.
This is not the best way to understand the Shammi Kapoor phenomenon. For one, he portrayed a certain manic energy, an aggressive physicality in his acting and dancing routines that Anand never had. This physicality signified what Kaushik Bhaumik, associate professor, School of Arts and Aesthetics at JNU in Delhi, called élan vital, the term coined by French philosopher Henri Bergson to explain the vital force or impulse of life.
When Kapoor danced, he danced in the true sense of the word. While there was no formal style that he adhered to, there was grace and rhythm in his movements and a distinct abandon that went beyond Dev Anand's baltering movements or the rhythmic one-two, one-two choreographed routines used in song sequences in the name of dance.
Play O Haseena, Teesri Manzil (1966).
But dancing is just one aspect of the Shammi Kapoor package. His flamboyance went well beyond city limits and played out in the countryside and hill stations. In many of his films, Kapoor wooed local women, be it Junglee, Rajkumar or Kashmir Ki Kali. While the open landscape in these films suited his overpowering physicality, Kapoor didn't need a character makeover to establish the distinction between urban Indian and its mofussil centres. His urbanity was all encompassing.
Play Yeh Chand Sa Roshan Chehra, Kashmir Ki Kali (1964).
The other interesting difference between Dev Anand and Shammi Kapoor is that the former's films always emphasised his profession, which gave his characters a fair degree of seriousness. Films like CID, Kaala Bazaar, Taxi Driver, Jewel Thief and Guide integrated the trade of Anand's characters into the storyline. Even in a frothy entertainer like Paying Guest, Anand's struggling advocate ultimately displays ingenuity in the courtroom at the climax to save his lover from the gallows.
Shammi Kapoor was quite the opposite. In most of his films, his occupational pursuits were frivolous or on the margins of what was deemed respectable at the time. Even his characters in Junglee and Kashmir Ki Kali are misleading. In Junglee , he breaks out of his dictatorial, authoritarian style halfway through the film to turn into a wild, spirited young man. In Kashmir Ki Kali (1964), he realises halfway through that he is not the heir apparent to a mill owner's fortune. His lack of a serious profession allows him to function in an unbridled way, without the “Log kya kahenge” baggage that handicapped the on-screen personas of other mainstream heroes.
Play Aasman Se Aaya Farishta, An Evening in Paris (1967).
To enhance the comic element, Kapoor often resorted to disguise. In many of his films, there are extended sequences where he resorts to masquerading an Arab sheikh, a qawwal, or a woman. In Professor (1962), Kapoor plays an aging educationist.
In an industry that puts a premium on young heroes, Kapoor changed shape and form all too willingly. These masquerading characters allowed for comic release through situational comedy, but it also highlighted his dexterity. He could be anything to anyone and in doing so he was perhaps the most cosmopolitan of Hindi film heroes. He could court the beautiful young women of Paris in style even while pulling off a high-energy bhangra song with gusto.
Through his breezy and carefree roles, in which he indulged in all kinds of burlesque antics, Shammi Kapoor participated in the party song (the male item number, if you will) more than any other mainstream hero before or during his time. Some of his most memorable numbers, such as the Dil Deke Dekho title track, Baar Baar Dekho from China Town, Dekho Ab Toh from Janwar, the two Teesri Manzil club songs (O Haseena Zulfonwaali and Aaja Aaja) and Aaj kal Tere Mere take place in the club or hotel space or on the occasion of a celebration.
You would expect the hero in such circumstances to raise a glass to enhance the revelry of the gathering. Not Shammi Kapoor. As opposed to today's heroes or heroines, who celebrate liquor or its consumption as a way of rejoicing, Kapoor rarely sings after consuming alcohol. This adhered to the rule back then that alcohol signalled moral decline for the Hindi film hero, and that he drank only when he was spurned in love or could not cope with existential dilemmas.
Shammi Kapoor didn't need anything to further give him an adrenaline rush. He was already high on life as he himself sang in Suku Suku (Junglee).
“Meri aankhon mein nasha,
Meri baaton mein nasha
Meri saanson mein nasha
Behka main bin peeye.”
Akshay Manwani is the author of Sahir Ludhianvi: The People's Poet and Music, Masti, Modernity: The Cinema of Nasir Husain. He tweets at @AkshayManwani.
Summer has return, as has the season of networks giving shows the axe, and ABC has been one of the busiest of them all, canceling nine of its original series, including long-time fan favorite Last Man Standing, #TimAllen's second family sitcom after the hit Home Improvement in the '90s.
However, fans might be able to breathe a sigh of relief as the series has been eyed for a seventh season revival over at cable network, Country Music Television (CMT), according to The Hollywood Reporter. Though primarily known for their music programming — as if it weren't blatantly obvious — CMT recently reemerged into the spotlight after reviving another cancelled ABC series, #Nashville, to run as an original program on its network.
It is important to remember that, despite this prior revival, that doesn't mean it's guaranteed CMT will revive Last Man Standing. While some networks can support grandiose budgets for large shows, cable channels such as CMT can't always afford to pay for network programs like Last Man Standing, especially with a lot of money going towards funding Nashville's 16-episode sixth season.
The family sitcom's cancellation came as a quite a shock to everyone, including star Tim Allen himself — who tweeted out he was "stunned" and "blindsided" by ABC's axing of the series — and fans responded with petitions, one of which collected over 380,000 signatures. Denying rumors of politics driving the cancellation, ABC stated that there were various other factors influencing the decision, including future decisions to not feature comedy on Friday nights, which was the show's primetime slot.
'Last Man Standing' [Credit: Fox]
Though the show followed the sitcom formula of not featuring any major story arcs per season, the final season featured many character progressions and changes, including the marriage of Mandy and Kyle, as well as Eve struggling to figure out her future after not getting into her dream school and moving between her parents' and Eve's houses.
While no cliffhangers were left in the finale, many fans want to see more of their favorite conservative family and their ever-changing lives, especially lead character Mike Baxter's weekly vlogs, which helped make the show popular early on thanks to Mike's attacks on many millennial and liberal stereotypes. If fans hope to see their favorite sitcom revived in a quality way, they better hope CMT makes a better deal with series producer 20th Century Fox than NAFTA was according to President Donald Trump.
What are your thoughts on a Last Man Standing revival on CMT? What were some of your favorite Tim Allen moments in the series? Let us know in the comments below!
(Source: The Hollywood Reporter)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City bounced back from their defeat at Liverpool with a hard-fought win over Burnley at the Etihad Stadium
But victory for City came at a price, with midfielder Fernandinho shown a straight red – his third dismissal in six weeks – which left Pep Guardiola's side playing with 10 men for 58 minutes.
Goals from Gael Clichy – his first at the Etihad Stadium – and top scorer Sergio Aguero – who started on the bench – proved enough to see City over the line.
Burnley's Ben Mee, a former City youth team graduate, pulled back a goal for the visitors, but City held out for the win to move up to third place.
But the loss of Fernandinho for four games – he receives an extra game on top of his automatic three-match ban for his second red card of the Premier League campaign – took the gloss off the win.
Here are five things we learned...
Man City's disciplinary record is woeful
When Fernandinho was sent off for a reckless two-footed challenge on Joey Gudmundsson, it took City's red card tally to seven for the season. Fernandinho himself has clocked up three reds in six weeks and will now serve a four-match ban, with discipline clearly now a major issue under Pep Guardiola. Six of the seven dismissals have been straight reds and Guardiola needs to address the issue before it derails City's season.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Aguero and Silva dropped
They may be star names for City, but that didn't save Sergio Aguero and David Silva from being dropped to the bench following their poor performances in the New Year's Eve defeat at Liverpool.
Fernandinho's dismissal and City's insipid first-half display saw both called into action for the second-half, but the decision to demote two such high-profile names – particularly Aguero, having only just returned from a four-match ban – means no player is safe under Guardiola. Aguro made up for his omission with an outrageous finish from a tight angle, a timely goal with Brazilian wonderkid Gabriel Jesus arriving today to challenge for his place.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Bravo continues to look a liability
City were in command and leading 2-0 when, in the 69 minute, Claudio Bravo came off his line to deal with a corner and missed the ball completely, with Burnley's Ben Mee – a City youth team graduate – scoring off the underside of the bar in the ensuing goalmouth melee. But the goal was further evidence of Bravo's weakness at dealing with high balls into the box, particularly when there are bodies involved.
(Photo: Reuters)
Heaton grows in stature
In contrast to Bravo, Tom Heaton showed his enduring class. He may have conceded twice in quick succession as Burnley ultimately succumbed to 10-man City, but before then Heaton had provided further proof of his growth in stature, making crucial saves from Kelechi Iheanacho, Raheem Sterling and Yaya Toure. The England keeper is seen as the natural successor to current No.1 Joe Hart and, on the evidence of this display, it's easy to concur with that,
(Photo: PA)
Ref Lee Mason has another tough day
Referee Lee Mason got it wrong at Old Trafford on New Year's Eve, denying Zlatan Ibrahimovic a perfectly legitimate goal in a 2-1 over Middlesbrough for perceived dangerous play. United boss Jose Mourinho also complained Mason denied his side at least two clear-cut penalties. For the second time in three days in Manchester, Mason had a tough game to ref, showing Fernandinho a straight red and having to deal with a succession of robust challenges from both sides. City fans booed him and claimed he wasn't fit to referee, but the Bolton official did a decent job under the circumstances.
In September 2016, Pepperfry raised Rs210 crore in a Series-E round from existing investors including Goldman Sachs, Bertelsmann India Investments, Norwest Venture Partners and Zodius Technology Fund.
Bengaluru: Online furniture marketplace Pepperfry, run by Trendsutra Platform Services Pvt. Ltd, narrowed its losses to Rs128.8 crore in 2016-17, its filings with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) show. In the previous financial year, the company reported Rs154.9 crore losses.
The firm reported a revenue of Rs127.5 crore, up 30% from Rs98.2 crore last year.
Pepperfry's losses almost doubled in FY16 due to higher advertising spends. In FY17, the company recovered after advertising spends dropped 10% to Rs138.4 crore. Pepperfy had incurred Rs154.9 crore in advertising spends in FY16.
Employee costs, however, increased 15% to Rs27.2 crore in FY17 from Rs23.6 crore in the previous year.
In September 2016, the company raised Rs210 crore in a Series-E round from existing investors including Goldman Sachs, Bertelsmann India Investments, Norwest Venture Partners and Zodius Technology Fund. Since inception in 2011, Pepperfry has raised around $160 million from investors.
At the September funding round, Ambareesh Murty, chief executive of Pepperfry, revealed plans to set up furniture shops named Pepperfry Studio in small towns and cities.
In an interview last month, the company's co-founder Ashish Shah said that Pepperfry makes 45% gross margin and claimed to be profitable at the pre-marketing level.
He added that the company is planning on an initial public offering (IPO), as it expects to turn profitable in the next 12-18 months.
Currently, Pepperfry has more than 1 million home furnishing products on its platform, and delivers to more than 500 cities in India. It also has a fleet of 400 trucks, with 18 warehouses across the country.
It claims to have an average order value of Rs18,000—with 80% of its business coming from furniture sales. Rest of its business comes from décor and utility sales.
Rivals in the online furniture marketplace in India include Urban Ladder, Homelane and Livspace. Used furniture marketplaces like Zefo are also making their mark in the vertical; Zefo last month raised Rs40 crore (approximately $6 million) in a funding round led by Sequoia India.
Have your say
Kissing it better really does work... thanks to a protein in human saliva, according to new research.
Injuries in the mouth heal faster and more efficiently than those elsewhere - and now we know why.
A chemical in saliva boosts the formation of blood vessels, a process that is critical in recovering from an injury.
Harnessing its power opens “a wide door” to improving the treatment of wounds, said an expert.
And it shows ‘licking your wounds' is more than just an expression and is based on scientific fact.
Prof Vicente Torres, of the Institute for Research in Dental Sciences at the University of Chile, Santiago, said: “These findings open new alternatives to better understand the biology underlying the differences between oral and skin wound healing.
“We believe the study could help the design of better approaches to improve wound healing in tissues other than the mouth.”
The research published in The FASEB (Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology) Journal revealed the salivary protein histatin-1 aids wound healing.
Prof Torres and colleagues made the breakthrough by delving into the mystifying fact mouth wounds mend better and quicker.
Until now, it was understood saliva played a part in the wound healing process, although the extent of its role was unknown.
The study examined the effects of histatin-1 on new blood vessels, a process known medically as angiogenesis.
It showed the molecule promoted angiogenesis, as well as improving the contact and migration of cells.
Prof Torres' team carried out experiments on chicken embryos and human skin and blood vessel cells.
Using these three models, histatin-1 and saliva samples obtained from healthy donors were found to increase blood vessel formation.
The researchers have already begun using these molecules to generate materials and implants to aid in wound healing.
Prof Torres said: “Saliva is a key factor that contributes to the high efficiency of wound healing in the inside of the mouth.
“This is not only attributed to physical cues but also to the presence of specific peptides in the saliva, such as histatins.
“Histatin-1 is an antimicrobial peptide, highly enriched in human saliva, which has been previously reported promoting the migration of oral skin cells in lab animals.
“However, the participation of histatin-1 in other crucial events required for wound healing, such as angiogenesis, is unknown.
“Specifically, histatin-1 promoted skin cell contact and spreading as well as migration in the wound closure tests.
“Finally, we showed that salivary histatin-1 is required for the promigratory effects of saliva on skin cells.
“In conclusion, we report salivary histatin-1 is a novel proangiogenic factor that may contribute to oral wound healing.”
Journal editor Dr Thoru Pederson, of the University of Massachusetts Medical School, welcomed the exciting discovery.
He added: “The clear results of the present study open a wide door to a therapeutic advance.
“They also bring to mind the possible meaning of animals, and often children, ‘licking their wounds.'”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MODESTO, Calif. - 28-year-old Lisandra Corrales shot and killed her two sons, 6-year-old Pierre and 4-year-old Nathan Hurtado before shooting herself, police say. Neighbors say they are shocked and never noticed any red flags.
"It's so close to home. It's very hurtful and scary at the same time," neighbor Arturo Arias told KTXL.
Arias said Corrales and her boys had lived at the home for about four months.
"I always saw them content, the mother, the father, the first time I met them. The children I only saw them twice but the times that I did see them they looked happy," Arias told KTXL. "We didn't notice anything strange about them. They were all content."
Aria says he didn't hear any commotion Sunday morning around 1:15, when police report a family member arrived at the home and found Corrales and the boys dead.
"Unfortunately not," Arias said. "If I would have I probably would have been more curious as to what's going on and if they needed some help try to get some help for them or anything."
Flowers and candles sit at the front door of the home. Now a quiet neighborhood is left wondering what signs they might have missed from their new neighbors.
"We all have the same questions. Why? What happened? What could we have done to deter that?" Arias said. "More friendly gatherings, something, because it really hit home, especially with the two children. Devastating. Very disturbing and sad."
Family members were at the home Monday loading items into trucks. KTXL spoke with the boys' father who did not want to speak on camera but he did say that he would want the boys to know that he misses them.
With the smell of popcorn floating in the mezzanine and carnival games lining the halls, members of the Revelstoke Skating Club took to the ice to perform their carnival.
Inspired by Cirque du Soleil, the show featured circus animals, clowns, acrobats and more, including skaters of all ages and abilities.
Volunteers transformed the Forum from a community arena into a big top, complete with sparkling lights and a massive silhouetted circus backdrop.
Audience members were transported under the big top for the show.
Karlie Beatty performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Danica Secord performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Figure skaters perform during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Jackie Bracken performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Clowns hit the ice during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Andie Reynolds performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Rhenna Secord performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Karlie Beatty performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Adults perform during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Figure skaters perform during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Samantha Veninsky performs during the Revelstoke Skating Club Carnival at the Revelstoke Forum on March 15. (Marissa Tiel/Revelstoke Review)
Young skaters take a bow. (Marissa Tiel/ Revelstoke Review)
Young skaters take a bow. (Marissa Tiel/ Revelstoke Review)
Having got our hands on the Nintendo Switch this week, we're looking forward to the console's official on-sale date of March 3 even more. However, there has been concern that supplies of the Switch will be limited, with some pre-order configurations selling out.
Panic not, US Nintendo chief Reggie Fils-Aime has told Wired: the company doesn't want any supply issues, and is going to work hard to make sure that anyone who wants to buy a Nintendo Switch in March can do so.
Fils-Aime says around two million Switches are being prepped for the first few weeks, which should be enough to cover demand, especially as we're not in a time of "peak seasonality" (which we're presuming is the run-up to Christmas).
Switching it up
Some of the concern from gamers has been prompted by the NES Classic launch, where demand has far exceeded supply. According to Fils-Aime, Nintendo was surprised by the popularity of the retro gaming box, but that won't be the case with the Switch.
The Nintendo boss also revealed more details about the Switch's online service, confirming that the one free game a month will only be free for that month. He also said there's more information on the way about backwards compatibility with Wii U games.
With just weeks to go, there are still questions to be answered about the Nintendo Switch, but we're slowly getting the full picture of the 2017 and what it can do. Most recently, Nintendo confirmed that the Switch won't support the StreetPass feature and the Miiverse social network.
THREAD: Because through all the "memo" news and headlines, it's critical to remember why this issue is important and why it should matter to everyday Americans.
What this issue is all about: whether the Department of Justice and FBI, under President Obama, abused their surveillance authority against American citizens and political opponents. Put another way: was the Obama DOJ weaponized to spy on the Trump campaign?
Remember, in general, the DOJ and FBI spying on American citizens should automatically be met with MAJOR skepticism. That's what the Fourth Amendment is designed to protect against. When those American citizens are ALSO political opponents? It should raise even more red flags.
So, take that principle, and look at what happened in this case. The DOJ spied on Carter Page, an American citizen. Red flag. Carter Page was also part of the Trump campaign. Double red flag. It should automatically raise questions.
Now, pause: we know about the Peter Strzok/Lisa Page texts, the "missing" texts, the McCabe concerns, etc. But this is about more. Focus on the dossier here - the political opposition research project put together by Christopher Steele, Fusion GPS, and the DNC by extension.
Quite simply: This infamous "Russian Dossier" was unverified political opposition research paid for by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC. If the Department of Justice used information like that as a key part of getting a surveillance warrant, it would be a HUGE problem.
Now, from what we've already known for months, it sure looks like that's exactly what happened: that the FBI used that very dossier to get a warrant. @Jim Jordan asked the FBI about it 2 months ago. I asked too. We asked for the FISA application, and the FBI wouldn't show us. WATCH:
We've asked repeatedly for information from the FBI, both privately and publicly. We've openly told FBI and DOJ officials - if we're wrong, tell us! Tell us what was in the FISA application. Let us see the document. But we've been stonewalled for almost a year.
So the bottom line is this: if, in 2016, the DOJ and FBI used an unverified, Clinton/DNC paid-for dossier to spy on American citizens (and political opponents) in the Trump campaign, that is as wrong as it gets. If that happened, Americans deserve to know about it. Period.
I know we live in a hyper-partisan environment, and I know it can be easy to disregard any inquiry like this as party politics. I understand that. But this is so far above politics, folks. Lady Justice wears a blindfold. Her scale is supposed to be balanced.
If any Department of Justice, Republican or Democrat, put their thumb on the scale for the sake of politics - it would undermine the very fabric of who we are as a nation. Americans deserve the truth, one way or the other.
Last point: If you remember anything from this news cycle, remember: your right as an American to privacy from your government spying on you is critical. It is foundational to who we are as a Republic. Never take that right for granted, no matter the political party you belong to. (link)
There continue to be questions about the substance behind the pending release of the House Intelligence Committee memo. With that release in mind, today it is worthwhile remembering this is the beginning of exposing the corruption within the DOJ not the end.For several years the U.S. justice department has maintained an attitude of non-accountability within its ranks. The Obama years elevated that attitude and provided multiple examples of a DOJ gone rogue.A complicit mediaby engineering a false narrative the U.S. Justice Department was/is an independent fourth branch of government; unaccountable to congress and entirely separate from the executive branch.The House Intelligence Memo is simply using the example of currently known FISA abuse to open the door and show the U.S. electorate how corrupt this unaccountable institution has become. Behind that door are very uncomfortable realities for all of those who constructed the weaponized agency; and also those who have benefited from it.Consider:♦When IRS head Lois Learner unlawfully sent the 21 CD-ROM's containing the "Schedule B" filings of over a million Americans to the Obama administration, the recipient was the DOJ. ( LINK in their " Secret Research Project ".♦When U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Hanen demanded DOJ lawyers attend ethics classes due to their false representations to his court -♦When the case against the Bundy family was recently thrown out of court,highlighted by the judge. ( LINK This is the same DOJ who denied their own Office of Inspector General, Michael Horowitz, the right to conduct oversight on DOJ internal action. ( LINK - pdf ) The expressed Justice Department intent in every action has been. This is the pervasive attitude, an air of ideological unaccountability, found rampant within every corrupt system.So it doesn't come as a surprise when the epicenter of that attitude in Washington DC balks at the concept of having oversight, and thumbs their nose at congress by refusing to turn over the underlying FISA application documents.The House Intelligence Committee, Chairman Devin Nunes, has oversight over the entire intelligence apparatus, including DOJ/FBI counterintelligence and the FISA Courts. The House Judiciary Committee, Chairman Bob Goodlatte, has statutory oversight over the entire Department of Justice. The Senate Judiciary Committee, Chairman Chuck Grassley, has oversight over the federal court processes used by the U.S. Department of Justice. The Office of Inspector General, Michael Horowitz, is the internal DOJ watchdog.Unfortunately the corruption appears systemic within the entire justice system. This is the problem currently being confronted.. The American people became the threat to their system. The American people became their enemy. This outlook sounds stark, but this is exactly the way the DOJ has behaved.We The People are in an abusive relationship with the Department of Justice.Representative Mark Meadows puts it thusly The release of the House Intelligence Memo is only the tip of the iceberg; the crack in the door to see just how corrupt the unaccountable Justice System became.There are going to be many more revelations as the investigations into the FBI and DOJ continue. Combine that understanding with the pending OIG Horowitz report, and we have only just begun to see how bad this is...The key aspect to begin restoring a system when it has fallen into the clutches of corruption, is to remove their internal image of unaccountability. The DOJ and FBI are part of the Executive Branch. We need to constantly remind people of that, and push back against this insufferable media-generated narrative of the DOJ being an independent fourth branch of government.
Kevin Morales
Cayman 27 News Director Kevin Morales is an award-winning journalist with more than 12 years of experience. Kevin is a Milwaukee, Wis., native. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism in 2005 from the University of Minnesota. He's a proud father and a loyal fan of the Green Bay Packers, Milwaukee Brewers, Milwaukee Bucks and U of M Golden Gophers.
Dozens Dead In Multiple ISIS Bombings Across Baghdad
Enlarge this image toggle caption Karim Kadim/AP Karim Kadim/AP
Dozens are dead in Baghdad after bombs were detonated across the city on Monday. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the bombings.
The death toll from the attacks is still climbing.
NPR's Alice Fordham reported on the bombings, telling our Newscast Unit:
The first attack came in Sadr City on the edge of Baghdad, still reeling from a bombing on Saturday. The bomber pretended to be recruiting casual laborers for the day, so those killed were mainly poor manual workers. The next ones came at roughly the same time near two hospitals in the city, followed by three bombs in the poor Shaab area of the city.
The BBC reported that at least 35 people were killed and at least 61 injured by the blast in Sadr City, which is a "predominantly Shia Muslim" neighborhood. The BBC wrote: "The Sunni jihadist group Islamic State said it had carried out the attack, which 'targeted a gathering of Shia.' "
Reuters reported that "nine of the victims were women in a passing minibus." The news service wrote: "Their charred bodies were visible inside the burnt-out remains of the vehicle. Blood stained the ground nearby."
The attacks followed other bombings in the city on Saturday, which killed 28 people, according to the BBC. Reuters wrote also wrote that "an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven policemen dead."
Monday's attacks coincide with an Iraq visit by French President Francois Hollande. Hollande gave a press conference with Iraqi prime minister Haider al Abadi, vowing to defeat ISIS.
"The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life," Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said, according to the BBC.
The ISIS bombings come as Iraqi security forces continue their offensive to push the self-proclaimed caliphate from the country. The U.S.-supported offensive was launched in mid-October, as the Two-Way reported, and has recaptured part of the city of Mosul, the terrorist group's last major stronghold in Iraq.
According to Reuters, "Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April."
INDIANAPOLIS — Kelan Martin scored 26 points and Butler rolled past DePaul 80-57 on Saturday.
Martin, the second-leading scorer in the Big East, had 19 points in the first half when the Bulldogs (17-7, 7-4 Big East) took a 10-point lead with Martin hitting a 3-pointer to cap the first 20 minutes.
Martin added another 3-pointer to open the second half and the lead remained in double figures, reaching a high of 25 with 1:43 left on a 3-pointer by Campbell Donovan.
Paul Jorgensen had three of Butler's 10 3-pointers in scoring 13 points and Kamar Baldwin added 10 points for the Bulldogs, who have a four-game winning streak that started with a 79-67 win over the Blue Demons. Martin made 10 of his 11 free-throw attempts.
NEW YORK (AP) — Shawn Anderson scored 21 points and grabbed 12 rebounds for his first double-double and Navy rallied in the second half on Sunday to edge Columbia 73-68 for its fifth-straight win.
Hasan Abdullah added 16 points and Evan Wieck 14 as the Midshipmen (9-3) erased an 18-point first-half deficit. It was the second largest comeback in school history. Navy defeated Bryant last season after trailing by 25.
Columbia (1-9) led 31-13 with 6:44 to go in the first half as a Myles Hanson 3-pointer capped an 11-0 run. Mike Smith scored the first eight, including back-to-back treys. Abdullah's 3 capped a 9-3 Navy surge in less than 90 seconds that cut the gap to 40-32 at the break.
Wieck scored six straight for Navy, tying the game at 42 less than four minutes into the second half. Bryce Dulin's dunk at 15:03 gave them their first lead, 46-44, but Columbia scored the next 10.
Abdullah's jumper tied it at 64 and Anderson scored the next four to complete an 8-0 run that gave Navy the lead for good, 68-64, with 33 seconds left.
The Midshipmen made 4 of 5 free throws in the last 20 seconds to seal the win.
Smith had 28 points for the Lions on 11-of-15 shooting with four 3s and Hanson had a career-high 14.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Another major General Assembly Committee heard the pros and cons of legalizing recreational marijuana on Monday and again, the majority of those testifying spoke in favor of legalizing pot for those over age 21.
Legal marijuana is expected to be available in about three months just over the border in Massachusetts, but despite all this, head counters at the Capitol say legalization in Connecticut is unlikely.
The highest ranking Democrat in the Assembly, Senate President Pro tem Martin Looney of New Haven, said it's time to regulate and tax marijuana. Massachusetts, Maine and Vermont are doing it, and Rhode Island and New Jersey are seriously considering it.
Advocates say the legal marijuana business in Colorado has created 18,000 jobs and generated $2.4 billion dollars in economic activity. It is also estimated that close to a half million Connecticut residents use marijuana.
Related Content: Connecticut lawmakers taking another look at legalizing pot
William ‘Bo' Huhn of Guilford is marshaling people from around the state in a group called ‘Smart Approach to Marijuana” to speak in opposition to legalization at another hearing next week. He added, “I believe that legalization is going to be about the worst thing we could do for our kids in this state, in terms of more drug use and more addiction.”
Even though all of the bills before the Assembly call for legalization only for those over age 21, Huhn, whose daughter became addicted to crack at age 15, says once it's legal, it will become more available to teenagers and science proves it's very dangerous for them.
Huhn stated, “People don't start using opiates, they start with alcohol in the basement or marijuana in the woods and they take the next step and the next step and the next step.”
But for the second time this month, the majority of people at a public hearing strongly endorsed legalization. “71 percent of Connecticut residents are in support of legalization and I'd say well over 70 percent of the people in that room are so it's good to see people turning out,” said Sam Tracy of “RegulateCT” the Coalition to Regulate Marijuana.
Related Content: Debate over legalized recreational marijuana
But the Republican co-chair of the Judiciary Committee doesn't think things have changed since last year. Sen. John Kissel (R-Enfield) said, “I actually don't think the marijuana bill is going to move forward this session. I don't think the votes have changed from last year. There wasn't even enough support to get it out of the Judiciary Committee last year and I'm not really sure that's changed at all.”
Marijuana legalization bills will come before two more committees over the next two weeks.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE New Castle County police are investigating multiple thefts from motor vehicles reported Friday morning throughout the community of Brandywine Farms, near Bellevue. New Castle County Police Department
New Castle County police are investigating a number of thefts from vehicles that occurred overnight near Bellevue. (Photo: Alex_Schmidt, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
New Castle County police are investigating a number of thefts from vehicles that occurred overnight near Bellevue.
Officers were dispatched to the community of Brandywine Farms on Friday morning for a report of multiple thefts from vehicles that occurred during the overnight hours, said Master Cpl. Heather Carter, a police spokeswoman.
Police were able to obtain surveillance video of a suspect vehicle.
Residents are reminded to park smart by locking car doors and removing valuables and keys, Carter said.
STORY: Video shows special needs student being beaten at Delaware high school
STORY: Delaware shocked heroin took an addiction champion
Anyone with information should contact New Castle County police at (302) 573-2800. People can also submit a tip online via www.nccpd.com. Tipsters may also call Crime Stoppers at (800) TIP-3333 or contact police through the New Castle County Police Department' Facebook page.
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/police-investigate-theft-multiple-vehicles-near-bellevue/741312001/
Ronda Rousey got waxed by Amanda Nunes on Friday night. This opens up a lot of questions about her future, questions which even Rousey does not know the answer to at this juncture.
In the immediate term, UFC is probably out of the question for Rousey. The severity with which she's lost her last two fights mean that she's going to have to spend awhile to regroup.
A logical move in the next year or two is for her to do a program in WWE. Rousey appeared at WrestleMania 31 in 2015. She has long professed admiration for the professional wrestling genre, and within the last two months Stephanie McMahon and Triple H have both expressed interest in her services.
However, former WWE personality and current ESPN'er Jonathan Coachman feels the squash means this interest has expired:
Not now — not ever, he says.
It's hard to know in this instance whether Coach is reporting something he's been told by a WWE higher-up, expressing his own opinion, or some combination of the two.
However, I vehemently disagree with the idea that Ronda Rousey has no value to WWE. She is a massive star and a marketable draw that extends beyond the brand's core viewership. Wrestling is scripted. Within the confines of the genre, it does matter that you are supposed to take the fighters seriously, but even in Rousey's presently diminished stature there she is interesting.
For all of the talk about the women's revolution in WWE, there are about five or six women at the top and there are only so many times they can wrestle each other. A program between Ronda Rousey and someone like Charlotte Flair, Sasha Banks, or Becky Lynch would be entertaining and have crossover appeal. (Charlotte is really where the money would be.)
Will Rousey ever be a fulltime WWE performer? Almost certainly not. But she has enough recognizance that she doesn't need to be. Nonetheless, WWE could absolutely find use for her.
Therefore, I extend a bet to Coach: I wager $100 that Rousey will appear on WWE television between now and July 1st, 2018. Put your money where your mouth is.
Police say an 81-year-old Pennsylvania man who left a phone message threatening to blow up a school says he misdialed and was trying to return a threatening call he'd received from another number.Online court records don't list an attorney for Lawrence Stabler, the Loyalsock Township man arrested Thursday night.Police say Stabler left a message on the answering machine at the Donald E. Schick Elementary School threatening to "blow up" the building near Williamport earlier in the day.Police say Stabler acknowledged making the call, but told them he was trying to call back another number from which he'd received threatening calls.Stabler has been jailed in Lycoming County, after he was unable to immediately post $25,000 bond.
As we are getting prepared to enter the busy period of the 1st quarter 2018, I would like to give some professional advice to help Homeowners before they decide to place their property on the market.
Over the years as a full-time real estate agent, I have prepared a list of recommendations and tips that I am happy to share with readers.
Once on the market, the property must always be ready for a showing. The first impression is often the only impression you will ever get to make! In fact, it often takes only a few seconds for a potential buyer to decide if they are going to place an offer on a property after the first visit. To make sure that impression is positive I always take steps to prepare and advise my clients to listen to the following recommendations:
For the outside areas:
Painting the outside façades are always a plus as it makes the house look new. Sometimes only pressure cleaning the façade and roof is sufficient.
Make sure the front entrance looks inviting. A new mat and a freshly painted front door giving a nice contrasting accent are important. Also, check the condition of the doorknob and hinges and change them if necessary.
The landscaping is also on the to-do list. The lawn needs to be mowed, and potted plants at main entrance door are a plus when placed symmetrically from each other. Fresh grass and new plants should also be on the list. Tree trimming is highly recommended.
Make sure to check all the fences and the gate in case they need repairs or paint.
Pay attention to the driveway and rejuvenate it by resurfacing or painting it. The condition of the driveway says a lot about how well the home's exterior is cared for.
All the windows must be cleaned inside and outside.
For the interior areas:
Air fresheners are increasingly popular in homes and condominiums. There are a variety of professional companies that provide air freshening systems that can be placed easily under your air handler, spraying timed bursts of attractive scents.
Minimize clutter by getting rid of items that are not necessary to have in your living space. The typical buyer appreciates minimal amounts of furniture and accessories, and no space shows like an open space.
Staging is a good idea, however, depending upon the size of the home it can be costly. It is possible to work with existing furniture and rearrange them in some case. If the home has no furniture, I suggest to partially furnish it.
Removing personal pictures from every room make it more comfortable for a potential buyer to imagine themselves living in the home.
A new, fresh coat of neutral paint throughout the house will make potential buyers feel like the amount of work needed is less. Neutral colors also open up spaces, whereas bold colors can make the space feel cramped.
Check and replace lightbulbs. As the saying goes, “bright rooms are happy rooms!”
Cleaning and painting the closets is important as well as clearing all kitchen and bathrooms counters.
If your home has carpets in some areas it is imperative they are cleaned and stain free. If baseboards are damaged replace them or repaint them. Check faucets and take care of any leaks.
Organize kids' room, which is easier said than done, I know!
Fresh flowers in the dining room and kitchen always create a welcoming environment.
A quick and easy fix for kitchen cabinets is to change the pulls and handles. This will give a new appearance while keeping your costs down.
Always keep the stove and oven clean and remove any and all refrigerator magnets.
Make sure to have your air conditioning vents cleaned.
Of course, the best thing to do is get a full home inspection prior to placing the property on the market and make whatever repairs you are able to. This will eliminate any unpleasant findings on future inspection reports and avoid any unexpected price negotiations on the buyer.
The main goal is to present the home in such a way that it looks as clean and open as possible. Boosting the curb appeal will also enhance the exterior presence of the property.
About the strategy:
Hire a professional agent, one you trust and feel comfortable with.
Your agent needs to demonstrate their knowledge about the current market conditions concerning the area, including the competition and market trends.
Pricing it right from the beginning is paramount. Price is what will bring the largest amount of potential buyers and limit considerably the time a property sits on the market.
In a very strong and competitive market, it often pays to price just slightly under the market average to create a bidding war and boost the final selling price.
Finally, it is all about the presentation, which includes the best photography and videos that will be sent to the best websites and social media platforms. Your agent should provide you with a marketing plan tailored to the specific marketing needs of your property.
Selling a property is a multi-step process and you want to make sure you put forth the best possible version of your home when you go on the market!
Nicolas Boucher brings more than 20 years of experience as well as a global and local approach to real estate. Nicolas is aligned with EWM Realty International, a Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate and South Florida's premier brokerage. EWM is a member of Leading Real Estate Companies of the World and Luxury Portfolio International, the world's largest broker-to-broker network, and is the exclusive affiliate of Christie's International Real Estate in Miami. His achievements in sales rank him among the Chairman's Club at EWM, one of the company's most distinguished honors. Nicolas has unparalleled knowledge of the real estate market and offers buyers and sellers meaningful and simple explanations of complex market trends. He specializes in Pinecrest real estate and is well-respected for his on-point pricing strategies; helping his customers approach the market as effectively as possible to minimize market time and maximize the experience.
Contact Nicolas at 305-788-8035 or boucher.n@ewm.com.
www.thepinecrestagent.com.
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, his son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving his house with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of his father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside his bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned his body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that his father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of his death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after he was arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, he flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. He and Burns, who would later become his wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to his ground and didn't give in. He was persistent, passionate and he was dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. He once sued Air Canada because they suspended him for growing his hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about his years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle his father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But he was also a rabble-rouser."
After his father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. He embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. He told others, including his cousin Roberts, that he was doing it so his son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, his son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called his dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," he wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... He believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. He was a good man in a careless world. He was my father."
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
A SERIES of failures by Coles and Woolworths have led to both major supermarkets stuffing up their single-use plastic bag ban campaigns.
That's the collective view of varied Australian experts who are frustrated and fed up with the supermarket chains' handling of an important environmental impact and behavioural issue.
They say the reason shoppers have been outraged at the check-outs is because they don't understand the message.
Customers have been left to see only the negatives of the ban when they want to see the positives, which retailers have failed to communicate, and are being "smacked over the head with a stick" instead of rewarded for buying reusable shopping bags.
Some are now saying the solution to all this is for Coles and Woolies to flip their campaigns and start rewarding customers for their efforts, whether that be through cashback offers, existing rewards systems, two-for-one buys or games.
Experts would also like to see better messaging in terms of showing real environmental impacts in campaigns, be it through photos, in-store mascots, apps or viral social media marketing.
RMIT University's sustainable products and packaging expert Simon Lockrey said there had been no good communication about what the ban was enabling and the protection of our oceans and marine life.
Mr Lockrey said a blanket-ban approach, with only the option of reusing or buying bags as an alternative, was not going to change behaviour.
Experts say showing the public what we're trying to achieve is a better tactic. Picture: Melbourne Zoo
"How is that going to shift decades and decades of social norms people are used to in supermarkets? It's not," he said.
"There are lots of ways we can do this better but unfortunately the retailers don't seem to have their heads around it.
"It's about engaging people about positive things, not smacking them over the head with a stick.
"All these failures contribute to what's happening at check-outs. The people don't understand."
Mr Lockrey said retailers did not seem to be grasping the "whole systems approach" that was needed.
Such an approach requires looking at the flow-on effects of eliminating plastic, like increasing food waste which is a global issue, the award-winning designer in sustainable innovation said.
"I just don't see that kind of thing occurring from Woolworths and Coles, they're shifting the burden and creating more barriers," he said.
Mr Lockrey said a great example of effective social media marketing was Melbourne's Metro Trains "dumb ways to die" campaign which become the fastest-spreading Australian brand hit of all time.
The cartoon notched up 2.3 million views in the first 48 hours and more than eight million in the first week.
The Dumb Ways to Die ad campaign for Metro Trains was one of Australia's most successful social media strategies.
He said Woolworths and Coles should also look at using the "powerful system" they had already spent a decade creating, with rewards points and incentives.
Researchers from the University of Newcastle's Global Centre for Environmental Remediation said reports this week that critics of the ban said most shopping bags in Australia went to landfill and did not end up in the ocean were not helping the cause.
Estimates indicate about 2 per cent of shopping bags in Australia end up in NSW landfill alone.
"The commonly-cited figure is that 80 per cent of marine debris originates on the land," researchers told news.com.au.
"To say that plastic bags are sent to landfill doesn't account for those that are lost to the environment due to improper disposal, during kerbside collection and transport or become airborne, often from landfills themselves.
"If by removing plastic bags from the waste stream we have diverted 2 per cent of waste from landfill then that is a success in itself.
"The 2 per cent may seem negligible but what would the benefit be to threatened marine species including turtles, whales, shorebirds etc who continue to be photographed either entangled in plastic bags or stranding themselves revealing a gut full of plastic during the autopsy.
"By targeting additional single use items we can improve on this percentage."
Confronting images like this could help capture people's attention. Picture: Melbourne Zoo
Queensland University of Technology Future environment researcher Dr Leonie Barner said Australia needed to establish a better waste management system, on top of focusing on the reduction of waste.
"The Queensland ban of single-use plastic bag ban will not have a big impact on the plastic pollution in the pacific," Dr Barner said.
"However, it will have a big impact locally in Australian river systems and oceans.
"In my opinion, the significance of the single-use plastic bag ban is the increased awareness that waste is a fundamental problem for modern societies."
Dr Barner said the ban should only be the beginning.
"We need to reduce the use of any single-use items where possible - plastic bags, cutlery, crockery, straws, bottles - we need a behavioural change," she said.
"Queensland also needs to improve the waste management system in order to produce 'purer' waste in order to obtain waste of higher quality which leads to a higher quality of the recycled product."
For example, paper and cardboard should be collected separately from plastic and glass.
"We should also investigate which types of plastic are easy to recycle in Queensland and reduce the amount of plastic which cannot be recycled - there is not recycling stream for polyfoam in Queensland," she said.
"If people are upset about paying 15c per more durable plastic bag, they should have a look at home what they already have which is suitable for carrying their shopping - green bags, cotton bags, durable plastic bags - even a box will do it."
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 South W L T Pct PF PA Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 North W L T Pct PF PA Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
AP Photo/James Brooks
MALMO, Sweden (AP) — Something high-tech is happening in the produce aisle at some Swedish supermarkets, where laser marks have replaced labels on the organic avocados and sweet potatoes.
Swedish supermarket chain ICA started experimenting in December with “natural branding,” a process that uses low-energy carbon dioxide lasers to remove the pigment from the outer skins of fruits and vegetables.
The laser beams create tattoo-like patterns – in this case the product's name, country of origin and code number – similar to the way hot irons brand cattle. If its test is successful, ICA, which has 1,350 stores across Sweden, hopes to cut down on the stickers and packaging it now uses to identify its organic produce.
“It's a new technique, and we are searching for a smarter way of branding our products due to the fact that we think we have too much unnecessary plastic material or packaging material on our products,” Peter Hagg, the chain's senior manager for fruits and vegetables, said.
ICA decided to start with sweet potatoes and avocados because their peels are not typically eaten and have a tendency to shed the stickers normally used to brand produce. But branded broccoli and engraved eggplants may not be far behind.
Later this year, the chain plans to test laser-marking melons plus some items with consumable skins to gauge consumer reaction. Hagg claims lasering has no negative effects on the fruit and vegetables.
“It's very delicate. Because the mark is not going through the skin in any way, it doesn't affect the quality or taste of the product,” he said.
Jonas Kullendorff, a 29-year-old engineer, says he approves of the method, if it reduces packaging waste.
“It's actually the first time I've seen this branding, but if it's (a) more sustainable alternative, I'm all for it,” Kullendorff said. “No, I wouldn't say it would put me off. If it's less packaging materials, that's a good thing.”
Laser labeling has been used in Australia and New Zealand since 2009 and was approved for use in European Union countries in 2013, according to Eosta, the Netherlands-based produce supplier that is working with ICA to test the technology in Sweden.
Eosta says it sold over 725,000 packs of organically grown avocados to the supermarket chain in 2015. Packing them required about 220 kilometers (135 miles) of plastic wrap. The avocados etched by Eosta now sit in open bins without stickers or packaging.
Laser marking can't be used on all produce. Citrus fruit, for example, has the ability to heal itself, meaning the etchings would disappear after just a few hours. Packaging still is desirable in some cases to extend a product's shelf life, Hagg said.
“The plastic branding – there is of course positive things with it,” he said. “But in some items it's just unnecessary, because it doesn't bring you better shelf life. It just brings you extra costs.”
Central to the trial's success will be consumer response and whether shoppers are happy to eat something that's been zapped by a laser.
“It's really new to me, but I think it's a really good idea (for) the environment,” Emma Jeppsson, a customer in the store, said.
Produce stickers, which are made of paper or plastic along with ink and adhesives, may seem like more of an inconvenience than a source of pollution, but environmentalists say even small bits of waste have an impact on the environment.
“We know there's a huge amount of waste across the supply chain before we get to the packaging we see on our shelves,” Friends of the Earth campaigner Kierra Box said.
Comments
comments
Serena Williams cried every time her daughter did in the early stages of motherhood.
The tennis star - who has 10-month-old Alexis Olympia with her husband Alexis Ohanian - admits she found it really "tough" in the beginning and shed a few tears because she didn't know how to help her little girl.
She told People magazine: "It's tough in the beginning. The baby's crying all the time and you don't know why - you don't know if it's gas, you don't know if she's sick, you don't know if it's just colic. So I just started crying with her because I couldn't help her and I wanted to help her and I couldn't, so I just started crying."
Serena's admission comes after she revealed she prayed and "cried a little bit" when she stopped breastfeeding Alexis.
She admitted: "I literally sat Olympia in my arms, I talked to her, we prayed about it. I told her, 'Look, I'm going to stop. Mommy has to do this.' I cried a little bit not as much as I thought I would ...
"After [I stopped breastfeeding], like literally I lost 10 pounds in a week. It was crazy. I just kept dropping. I was like, that's when I learned that everything was different. Sorry to go on about that. I wanted to say that so women out there know that's not true. Everyone takes things different. I think it's important for us to share that message."
Though she loves being a mother, Serena was shocked when she realised how much she'd missed the pressure of competing out on the court.
She said: "It definitely surprises me. I have this amazing child, all these grand slams... it was all super bonus. I definitely feel a lot less pressure out there but I'm a little bit shocked at how much I almost want that pressure."
Ukraine Intelligence Agents Say They Staged Killing Of Russian Journalist, Who Is Alive Ukraine intelligence agents say they staged the apparent murder of a Russian journalist in Kiev in an attempt to trap a real assassin.
WATERBURY, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut police have charged a man with murder after a fatal weekend shooting in Waterbury.
Police responded to a call Saturday morning from the hospital about a man who was shot in the head. The Republican-American reports that 35-year-old Terry Smith died shortly after arriving at the hospital.
Later that day, police arrested and charged 46-year-old Robert Williams with murder. Williams is currently being held on a $1 million bond. It's not clear if he has a lawyer.
Both men have criminal records.
Williams was shot in the leg, but police wouldn't say if shots were exchanged between the victim and suspect. Both shootings remain under investigation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Palmer Project, a potential hard-rock underground mine was the focus of a water-and-mining forum Wednesday attended by dozens of residents at the Alaska Native Brotherhood Hall, Haines.
Residents hoped to learn more about a how the project, still in the exploration phase, could affect water and salmon in the Chilkat and Klehini rivers, if the mine is developed.
Not all stakeholders believe the forum has the community's best interest in mind.
People packed the ANB Hall, eager to learn more about how the nearby mineral exploration could impact water and salmon.
“Why do we as a company do water quality sampling?” said Liz Cornejo, vice president of community and external affairs for Canadian company Constantine Metal Resources Limited. “One, we have to do it for assisting the permitting process and compliance to ensure that we are maintaining water quality for everyone.”
Cornejo also is co-chair of the recently formed Chilkat Valley Mining Forum Committee, which organized the event.
“The Palmer project is still in the exploration stage,” Cornejo said. “We are getting more advanced and we are doing more in-depth studies. We are hopefully in the next few years, working towards feasibility. And that information will help answer that question of: is it going to be a mine?”
The prospect was discovered in 1969 by local prospector Merrill Palmer, its namesake.
Constantine leases the claim and partners with a Japanese company called, Dowa, which supplies 49 percent of the exploration funds. The partnership has been going on for several years.
The sites are located on steep mountainsides above a glacially fed river. Exploration shows they're rich in copper, zinc, barite, gold and silver.
The economy of the region largely is reliant on fishing and tourism and many are concerned that a large mine could interfere with the existing economies.
Takshanuk Watershed Council executive director Meredith Pochardt organized the event and was a forum guest. She talked about the effect on fish when too much copper gets into the water from mining.
“Fish are much more sensitive than humans are to copper,” Pochardt said. “It impacts a lot of their homing migration, their predator avoidance and their ability to navigate and find food.”
Department of Environmental Conservation architect Allan Nakanishi with talked about the value of public comment in the permitting process.
“When we go out to public notice on a permit, the local community may have fairly in-depth knowledge that wasn't apparent or available on the application,” Nakanishi said.
The forum also included a representative from the Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska, who talked about their water-testing programs.
Two local stakeholder groups decided not to participate in the forum.
One was the Chilkat Indian Village of Klukwan.
“We are a community that literally relies on the return of the salmon,” tribal president Kimberly Strong said. “All five species run through the Chilkat River. That's why our people, the Tlingits, survived and thrived over the past thousand or more years in this valley.”
Strong's community had participated in a forum held last fall, but decided against it this time around.
“There was concern that if it is being chaired by the mining industry, we wanted our name off to make it clear that we were not part of the group at this point,” Strong said.
Lynn Canal Conservation executive director Elsa Sebastian said her group also decided not to participate.
She said the group was undermined by the fact that “two of the voting members on the forum hold a direct interest in the mine and one of these members represents a Canadian company that is in Haines solely for their financial interest in the mine.”
Those two members are the co-chair, Liz Cornejo, who works for Constantine — and a member of the Palmer family.
Donald “J.R.” Churchill, a commercial fisherman who recently organized the Haines Fishermen's Alliance to advocate for salmon and its habitat also stopped working with the forum.
“The original intent was a good one. As things moved on, it was decidedly weighted to the mining side of that,” Churchill said. “I get why they pulled out. They didn't want to be attached to a group that was decidedly pro-mine.”
Cornejo said co-chairing the 10-member group that organized the forum is a lot of work.
But she would be happy to step aside if someone thinks her interest in the mining company is problematic, and also if someone else is elected to the position by other members of the group.
“The chair does not really have a larger say in anything, it is still one voice in the 10-group committee,” Cornejo said. “We just do a lot of the administrative work in the background to help facilitate the committee work.”
For now, Cornejo said they would like feedback about the most recent forum so they can plan future events.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The hit show is on the hunt for single men to take part in the upcoming series.
With Valentine's Day just around the corner, love is well and truly in the air.
If you're fed up of awkward Tinder dates and looking to try something new in your search for love you could be in luck.
Blind Date is currently on the hunt for contestants for the new series and is in need of more single men aged 25 to 50.
(Image: Channel 5/Ray Burmiston)
The iconic programme returned to our screens in 2017, after a 14 year hiatus, with Paul O'Grady as the host.
The original ITV show was broadcast Saturday nights from 1985 to 2003, with the late Cilia Black at the helm.
Blind Date was revived on Channel 5 2017 to great success and is set to return for a second series in 2018.
Blind Date involves one singleton who asks three people questions behind a screen before choose someone to go on a date with.
(Image: Channel 5)
The refreshing reboot also includes same-sex couples.
The deadline for applications is midnight on Sunday, February 4 and all applicants must be 18 or over.
To request an application form email BlindDate@sotelevision.co.uk or call 02071 573328.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stuart Broad has a busy few months ahead as he first puts a knight of the realm in his crosshairs before turning attentions to his favourite target of all - the Aussies.
And Broad is taking inspiration from Sir Ian Botham, the man he wants to usurp, as he tries to get the balance between team and personal success spot on.
It was in 2010-11 when England enjoyed their first series win Down Under since a Beefy influenced 1986-87 tour brought the Ashes home, but Broad was crocked in Adelaide and failed to even launch his sprinkler.
He enjoyed better form with the ball in 2013-14, but the braggy greens won 5-0 and fans bombarded him as a ‘s**t bloke' before he earned their respect.
Now just four wickets away from Botham's tally of 383 Test wickets, Broad has the chance against the Windies this week to put England's No.1 and No.2 all time wicket takers in the same team for the first time in 54 years.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA Wire)
“Anyone who's done what Beefy has against Australia I've got a lot of respect for,” said Broad. “He's been an inspiration to me in how to take on Australia.
“I grew up in our era from 86-87 to 2005 when it was horrible watching the Ashes. That was an influence on me because it made me very determined that if ever I got the chance to play against them we'd have to win.
“I've been fortunate to play with a group of guys who grew up in that era too who were desperate to succeed so Beefy's been a big influence not just with my bowling but also his mentality on the importance of Ashes series.
“There is no disrespect to the West Indies, we want to beat them first up and they will be hungry to show what they can do. It's hugely important but we want to go to Australia with a consistent team because if we get the consistency right we've got the flair to blow any team away.”
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA)
If there is one thing that Broad and new ball partner James Anderson bring it is consistency. The two men have shared 720 wickets in games they have played together and Broad is in no doubt there is fuel in the tank for more.
Anderson might have just turned 35 but Broad is convinced he can finish the summer strongly with all three Tests against the Windies before turning up at the Gabba ready to fire.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
And, should Ottis Gibson get the South Africa job, the suggestion that he might be flying to Oz as a player/coach was scoffed at by Broad who reckons Anderson already coaches enough, but could do without the extra meetings.
“I'd prefer Jimmy to be taking the new ball at the Gabba fully focused on that role,” added the 31-year-old. “He's bowling brilliantly and he's almost a bit of a bowling coach round the group anyway.
“I think you need, assuming Ottis goes, someone to bounce ideas off, as in a coach who's not playing in the Test when you need to do some technical work.”
*Investec is the title sponsor of Test match cricket in England. For Out of the Ordinary thinking visit investec.com/cricket
Where French President Macron Stands On The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Ailsa Chang speaks with Joseph Bahout, a member of French President Macron's delegation. Bahout is a Middle East expert, and talks about Macron's agenda regarding the Iranian nuclear deal and Syria during his visit with President Trump.
It's been terribly sad watching the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, unfold over the weekend and into this week.The clashes left many injured, one person dead, and re-opened fiery discussions around free speech and the open nature of the web.
At the center of the latest controversy sits The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi news and commentary site that's been available to access on the open web since July 2013. It's been accused of fanning the flames of racial division which in part led to the violence.
And it's now been forced underground. Cloud-hosting platform Digital Ocean has ceased to serve The Daily Stormer content, while Cloudflare, a content-delivery and DDoS protection service, has also pulled the plug on the website. Both did so after coming under fire on social media, but the comments of Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince spark an interesting discussion.
Banning hate
“This was my decision. This is not Cloudflare's general policy now, going forward,” he told Gizmodo . “I think we have to have a conversation over what part of the infrastructure stack is right to police content.”
Prince says he made the unprecedented call as he considers those behind The Daily Stormer to be “assholes”, and also because while The Daily Stormer “was bragging on their bulletin boards about how Cloudflare was one of them” (something which “is the opposite of everything we believe”, said Prince), it prevented Cloudflare from being able to meaningfully enter the conversation about who should police what content, and when.
Cloudflare offer multiple protections against online threats.
“I think the people who run The Daily Stormer are abhorrent. But again I don't think my political decisions should determine who should and shouldn't be on the internet,” he concluded.
Digital Ocean and Cloudflare have been joined by other companies in banning or blocking The Daily Stormer and its team, with Facebook and Reddit banning hate groups , Twitter deleting the site's accounts , Apple blocking Apple Pay payments for groups promoting hate-speech , and even Spotify taking ‘hate bands' offline that once streamed freely across its cloud music library.
It's worth noting that The Daily Stormer landed itself with Cloudflare only after being pushed from the Google and GoDaddy hosting platforms.
Going underground
Hate and Nazism, as Prince rightly says, are abhorrent. But is it right to censor those views if we value an open internet? Who, if anyone, should wield the power to silence views that go against the grain? And where does that path ultimately lead?
In the case of The Daily Stormer, all it's achieved is to drive the site underground. Where once its hate was openly viewable and monitorable, it's now retreated to the closed walls of the so-called ‘dark net', where its network of bigotry can grow unchecked, and its visitors can communicate, strengthen ties and plot clandestinely.
And with the precedent set, what's to stop other sites, innocent of bigotry but espousing views not shared by the internet gatekeepers, of being pulled offline too?
WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services have come under attack.
It's a conversation that stretches beyond web hosting, and touches on the ways we all use the internet everyday. Encrypted messaging services like WhatsApp, for instance, are a fantastic way to communicate safely with friends, safe in the knowledge that your messages are protected against the prying eyes of both hackers and the state.
But it's a stance that's come under attack from government officials , with WhatsApp and similar services being linked with the secret formation of terrorist plots. And yet even the former head of the British intelligence service MI5, Jonathan Evans, has downplayed the effectiveness of breaking down encryption services outright, given the cybersecurity concerns it would undermine.
Some form of mediation is needed. Perhaps YouTube is too slow in pulling extremist content from its video player. Perhaps Cloudflare's Prince has been too hasty to cast judgement on The Daily Stormer. But as online abuse spreads, fake news proliferates and tensions ride high, some form of jury for the myriad and diverse voices of the internet needs to be formed before any sentence against its most extreme and divisive antagonists can truly be considered justice.
Nassau County Court jurors on Tuesday acquitted an 18-year-old Freeport woman of all charges stemming from the Nov. 1, 2014 killing of a 17-year-old girl who was stabbed in the back during a bloody brawl among several young women.
Jurors deliberated for about three hours before finding Jasmine Copeland not guilty of manslaughter and other charges including gang assault in the death of Abbigale Thomas, 17, Copeland's attorney said.
“I have all along maintained that my client was innocent,” said Ikiesha Al-Shabazz of Forest Hills, Copeland's attorney. “She had no contact with this girl. We certainly don't want to compound the tragedy by sending the wrong person to prison.”
Prosecutors, who on Tuesday said they “respect the jury's verdict,” had maintained in the weeklong trial that Copeland had stabbed Thomas in the back with a steak knife, causing her to “drown in her own blood.”
The stabbing was the culmination of taunts among two teenagers that continued on social media and escalated into face–to-face confrontation on a residential neighborhood in Freeport – with deadly consequences.
Prosecutors said during opening statements that Copeland and one of Thomas' foster sisters, Nubian Middleton, had traded insults on Facebook and via text messages.
But those adolescent exchanges took a turn for the worse when, prosecutors said, Thomas, her foster sisters, Nubian Middleton and Diamonique Middleton, and the Middletons' cousin, Miracle Nixon, walked to Copeland's house.
Copeland and three friends, all sisters — Janelle Walker, Janae Walker, and Amanda Walker — went outside where words were exchanged, prosecutors said, and blows were traded, resulting in a brawl and the stabbing.
While jurors rejected prosecutors' theory that Copeland stabbed Thomas, Al-Shabazz said during opening statements that her client had carried a knife to the fight, but did not use it. A key contention of the defense was that, if Copeland had used the knife, blood would have splattered on her clothes.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It was terrible, awful and preventable,” Al-Shabazz said of the fatal stabbing.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ashley Williams believes Everton have finally arrived.
The Blues are making a massive push for a European place on the Premier League run-in, and are now targeting fifth place after impressive back to back wins at Goodison.
Fifth spot would not only guarantee a Europa League place but also mean Everton would avoid any qualifying rounds for the competition.
And Williams believes not only is it now possible, but that Everton have earned the right to join battle with the massive clubs who will fight for that spot.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Shaun Botterill / Getty)
“Yeah, I think fifth place is a realistic aim. That's what we're trying to do, obviously whether we achieve it or not depends on what the others do as well,” he explained.
“But all we can do is look after our own games, and we've been doing that. We have to keep going - sometimes it's important to just get the win and grind out a game.”
Under Ronald Koeman Everton have surprised a few critics this season, and they now stand just three points behind Manchester United, who currently occupy fifth place.
For Williams - who proved himself an elite player by taking Wales to the European Championship semi finals - it is proof the Blues can cut it with the very best.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Asked if Everton have shown they can join that elite group of clubs at the summit of English football, he said: “Hopefully we look like one of those teams. We've got a lot of confidence, and obviously we're winning a lot of games.
“That's where we want to be. As the season's gone on and on, I've felt that without it being said, we realise we are a good team, we can beat a lot of teams and we want to push to be in that top group in the league.
“It's a difficult ask, but we feel we can break into that elite group.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EUREKA, Mo. - The deadline for help for flood victims is only hours away. Monday is the last day people affected by flooding this spring can apply for help from FEMA.
In a statement, the federal government indicates the agency has been handing out money, more than $11 million for eligible households in Missouri.
The National Flood Insurance program has paid about $60 million to hundreds of policyholders. FEMA said it has helped more than 1,800 individuals and families in 35 counties in Missouri with things like home repairs, rental assistance, replacement of personal property and even with medical expenses.
The dates for the flooding are from April 28 to May 11 of this year. The FEMA helpline is 1-800-621-3362 or you can go online at disasterassistance.gov.
Many recovery centers opened across the area, in all there were 26 centers that served close to two thousand people in Missouri.
GALLIPOLIS — Maggie Bostic of Gallipolis, and Kevin Malone of Gallipolis, announce their engagement and upcoming wedding.
The Bride-Elect is the daughter of Brett and Tiffini Bostic of Gallipolis and the granddaughter of Late Kenny and Sue Ann Bostic and Jack Swain and Roger and Darlene Garlic all of Gallipolis. The Groom-Elect is the son of Dawn Smith of Waverly and the grandson of Coleman Cass of Lancaster, Calif., and Norma Cass of Waverly.
Bostic graduated from Gallia Academy High School in 2013 and graduated from the University of the Rio Grande in 2018 with a Bachelor's Degree in Middle School Education in Math and Science.
Malone graduated from Waverly High School in 2011 and graduated from the University of the Rio Grande in 2014 with a Bachelor's Degree in Adolescents to Young Adult Mathematics. He currently is employed with Gallipolis City Schools.
Their upcoming wedding will be held on June 2, 2018 at First Baptist Church in Gallipolis.
Maggie Bostic and Kevin Malone https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_0530181752.jpg Maggie Bostic and Kevin Malone Courtesy photo
At the New York City cell phone shop where he does his homework, nine-year-old Ahmed Alhuthaifi says he misses his mom a lot.
"Sometimes, I feel like I am going to cry," he says. "Trump won't let her in."
After a years-long effort, his mother, who is stuck in Saudi Arabia, was denied a visa due to President Trump's restrictions on immigration and travel from certain countries, including Yemen. She and Ahmed's four younger siblings, who live with her, missed Ahmed's birthday celebrations on April 3.
"He expected them to be here, all his brothers and sisters; he's depressed all the time," says Fathi Alhuthaifi, his father. "I need my wife and kids. We are in a bad situation."
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in a case challenging the ban as discriminatory and unconstitutional. Administration lawyers insist the ban, in effect in full since early December, is a national security necessity.
Alhuthaifi is an American citizen. He emigrated from Yemen more than 20 years ago and runs a successful cell phone business on West 145th St. in Harlem. He named his youngest son McCain, after the Arizona Republican senator he admires.
"As soon as you step your feet in this country, you feel you are part of the country," he says. But the administration's travel ban has dashed his dream of uniting his family in New York. All his kids have U.S. passports, but the younger ones, he explains, can't be without their mother, who is not a U.S. citizen.
"We thought we were very lucky. It's a dream country. But the time has changed," he says.
The ban, issued in September, restricts travel from Iran, Libya, North Korea, Syria, Venezuela, Somalia and Yemen. Chad, originally on the list, was removed earlier this month.
Whatever the outcome in the Supreme Court, the Trump ban has already sown "chaos" in affected families across the country, says Muna Jondy, a Michigan immigration lawyer of Syrian descent who counsels families in the U.S. whose relatives are now barred from joining them.
"My clients are freaking out," she says. "This causes chaos with work visas, student visas, bringing families here."
The Yemeni-American Merchants Association of New York mounted a one-hour protest Tuesday, the day before the Supreme Court hearing. Zaid Alnagi, the association's vice president, distributed posters across the city and created hashtags for a social media campaign, #IamAmericanToo and #BodegaStrike.
"The executive order, at its heart, says Yemeni people are bad and they need to stay away. We say no! We are part of the fabric of the country," says Alnagi, an American citizen who has not been able to bring his mother to New York. Her visa was denied this year.
President Trump's campaign pledge for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States" is at the center of the Supreme Court debate. The president's executive orders did not cite religion but rather security concerns that motivated his ban.
"It's not a Muslim ban and it never has been — the whole Muslim ban narrative is little better than a hoax," says Mark Krikorian, executive director of the conservative Center for Immigration Studies and a White House advisor on immigration. He supports stricter limits on the current immigration system.
"The travel ban targets specific, terrorism-infected countries and, as a practical matter, would apply to a relatively small share of the world's Muslims," he says.
Critics of the ban, including a judge in Hawaii who ruled against the ban, charge that the biggest burden is felt in the Muslim-majority nations on the list.
"No national from any of the countries impacted is responsible for a death from terrorists on U.S. soil since 1975," says Joshua Geltzer, one of 52 former national security officials who submitted an amicus brief to the Supreme Court, declaring that the Trump administration has failed the show how the travel ban bolsters national security.
He argues that the countries subjected to the ban "don't seem to have any resemblance to where terrorism threats are emanating from."
"The thing that is frustrating is it's stereotyping," says Dr. Ziad Alnabki, a Syrian-American cardiologist in Jacksonville, Fla. "We can't just label all of them terrorists and close the door for them coming in."
Alnabki first came to the U.S. more than a decade ago for his medical residency in Tennessee, after graduating first in his class from Damascus University. After Syria descended into a brutal civil war, Alnabki applied for immigrant visas for his parents. After years of waiting, they finally got an interview this year at the U.S. embassy in Cairo.
"We were shocked when their application was denied at the beginning of the year. The travel ban came along and we couldn't get them here," he says.
"I love my job, it's the most rewarding thing in my life," says Alnabki, who works in a cardiac unit. "I take care of patients, and the son or the daughter gives me a hug. But at the same time, I can't have my parents next to me here so I can see them and they can see my kids."
While the ban allows for case-by-case waivers, those waivers are rare. According to Reuters, about 100 waivers were granted between December and early March. More than 8,000 had applied for U.S. visas in that period from countries affected by the ban.
The letter informing Alnabki that his parents would not be granted visas also said they were not eligible for a waiver.
"It's totally arbitrary," says Jondy, the Michigan-based immigration lawyer, who handled Alnabki's case. "One client who is a doctor, his parents are stranded in Cairo; but another family in Damascus did get a waiver. They are Christians," she says.
She says the few cases she's handled don't show a pattern yet, but she advises her clients who are Christian to include their religious affiliation in the application. She says those who do so have been granted waivers.
"I am doing things like putting in a baptismal certificate," she says. "That is not normally the evidence that you submit in a waiver application, but it has worked."
Jondy says she fields hundreds of panicked calls and text messages from clients who plead for help. The stress, says this second-generation immigrant and American citizen, has been overwhelming for all concerned.
"You just can't have an arbitrary policy that's based on discrimination against Muslims," she says, which is her view of the travel ban. "It's just basically, 'We don't want them here and so let's find a way to get them not to come here.' "
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City are one of three clubs in talks to sign former Ipswich Town striker David McGoldrick, according to reports.
Football Insider states the Robins , Aston Villa and West Brom have all contacted the Republic of Ireland international, who is a free agent this summer.
McGoldrick was out of contract at Portman Road and new Tractor Boys boss Paul Hurst confirmed McGoldrick had left the club last month.
(Image: Getty)
The 30-year-old is a skillful and tricky striker on his day but has struggled with injuries in recent seasons.
City are still in the market for attackers despite signing Andreas Weimann earlier today having lost Bobby Reid to Cardiff City earlier in the transfer window.
Yet, should the Robins decide to make McGoldrick an offer, they could well face competition.
As a free transfer, McGoldrick is interesting Villa due to their financial problems this summer and they see him as a possible replacement for Lewis Grabban.
West Brom are looking to add Championship experience to their side and have doubts over the long-term futures of Jay Rodriguez and Salomon Rondon.
McGoldrick hit eight goals in the first half of last season but then struggled with a groin problem that prevented him playing after February.
Overall, he scored 45 goals in 159 appearances for Ipswich.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darrell Clarke admitted he was disappointed in the manner his Bristol Rovers side conceded twice against Shrewsbury Town, but repeatedly gave credit to the visiting side.
Rovers saw their six-match unbeaten run come to an end as Aristote Nsiala grabbed an 88 minute winner for the visitors.
It was Shrewsbury's first win away at Rovers since 1969, coming at the 18 attempt. Omar Beckles had given Paul Hurst's side the lead before Joe Partington equalised with a long-range effort just three minutes later.
Speaking after Rovers' first defeat in 2018, Clarke said: “We were definitely nowhere near our best today.”
“It was a very robust second ball game. You've got to give credit to Shrewsbury today, that's why they dig out results. I was disappointed in the goals we conceded from our perspective.
“But we have to dust ourselves down and go again.
“They are very good at what they do, and they ground it out. From our perspective we never got our game going, albeit on a very difficult pitch. That's not an excuse.
“They played, at times, better than us with the ball.
“It's disappointing today, but where we are as a football club at the minute, with the new additions coming into the squad, it takes a little bit of time to evolve and get what we want to do out there.”
The match was a mostly scrappy affair before the three goals in the final 30 minutes, as both sides struggled to carve out any clear-cut chances.
“I don't really like seeing my team not on the front foot,” admitted Clarke.
“It was a scruffy, scrappy game. We got a bit of territory back in the game but it was scruffy and they just edged it.
“We didn't get enough impetus to get the territory and create more chances, that's why Shrewsbury have one of the meanest defences in the league.”
Shrewsbury's winner came as Alex Rodman got in down Rovers' right, beating Bernard Mensah and Ellis Harrison before getting a ball across the goal line.
“Bernard got isolated one-on-one with a wide player, I think we've got to get out there and support Bernard quicker,” said Clarke.
“We should never have allowed it, and the ball should never have come into the box. The most disappointing thing for me is two goals from set plays and second phases.
“In general we've been defending those well of late, so we'll get working on the insufficiencies in training this week.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This January the police are looking for help to solve some of the worst crimes in and around Bristol this year.
Several of the month's most wanted are still at large and incidents unsolved, but with your help the criminals could be brought to justice.
These CCTV images and footage have been released by Police and Crimestoppers teams from around the Bristol region in a bid to solve crimes and catch the city's most wanted.
The images include people detectives would like to identify, including witnesses as well as suspects in crimes carried out across the Bristol area. There are also updated appeals for some of the city's most notorious criminals on the run from the law.
Woman punched in face
(Image: Google)
A woman was punched in the face in an early-hours attack in Fishponds. Police say the woman was assaulted by two other women between 1.30am and 1.50am on January 13.
She was punched in the face following an altercation with women and a man which happened outside Snuffy Jacks.
The assault happened on the opposite side of Fishponds Road, outside the Porto Lounge. The man was not involved in the physical assault but was verbally aggressive.
Elderly woman pushed to the ground and robbed in Fishponds
(Image: Google)
Anyone with information should call 101, quoting reference number 5218009006 and ask to speak with PC 4705 Bellisio.
An elderly woman was pushed to the floor and robbed in Fishponds as she walked to the shops.
The terrifying incident, which has left the woman no longer feeling safe, happened at around 4pm on Wednesday, January 17.
She was walking along Lawn Road when she was pushed from behind, knocked to the ground before a man wrenched her shopping bag from her hand and ran off towards Downend Road.
Elderly woman pushed to the ground and robbed in Fishponds
The suspect is described as being around 5ft 8ins tall and slim and was wearing dark clothing and had his hood up.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset police added: "You can contact us online or by calling 101, quoting reference 5218012440. Alternatively ring the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
Manhunt after Weston-super-Mare assault
(Image: Avon and Somerset police)
A Weston-super-Mare man is wanted by police in connection with an assault. Avon and Somerset police have warned the public not to approach David Purkiss.
The 30-year-old is described as a white male, 6ft, of medium build with short brown hair and brown eyes.
He has a small scar near his right eye and several tattoos including one saying "Zoe" on the back of his neck. If you see him, do not approach him but instead call 999 immediately.
Dangerous man on recall to prison
(Image: Avon and Somerset police)
Members of the public are being warned not to approach a man wanted by police.
Cy Sedgman from Lawrence Weston is wanted on recall to prison after breaching the terms of his licence. Police issued a public appeal to help trace the 25-year-old on Tuesday, January 23.
A force spokesperson said: "Can you help us locate 25-year-old wanted man Cy Sedgman?
"He's white, 6ft and of slim build. If you see him, please don't approach him but call 999 and give the call handler the reference number 5218010751.
"If you know where he may be, or have any other information which could help us find him, please call 101 and give the same reference number."
Heartless burglars steal cameras
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A mum-of-two has been left devastated after burglars stole cameras that had pictures and videos of her children's first birthdays and Christmases.
The 35-year-old is hoping to be reunited with the cameras and hopes anyone with information comes forward.
The burglar broke in through the front door of the house in Colebrooke Road, Kingswood in the early hours of Monday morning, January 29, and also stole two cars from the driveway.
Officers have received CCTV footage, which shows the suspects leaving at around 3am. Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 and give the reference 5218021066.
Wanted man
Officers searching for a wanted man from Bristol are urging the public not to approach him if they see him.
Phillip Barrett, 36, is from Knowle and is wanted by police. Avon and Somerset Constabulary has released an image of Barrett, who is wanted on recall to prison after breaching the terms of his licence.
Barrett is white, 5ft 11ins tall and of stocky build.
Anyone who sees Barrett should call the emergency number and give the call handler reference number 5218011244.
Members of the public with information on his whereabouts should call 101 and give the same reference.
Armed robbery with gun
A masked man threatened shop staff with a suspected gun during an armed robbery in Bristol.
The attacked happened in the Filton Avenue Spar store in Filton at around 9.50pm on Sunday, January 21.
A CCTV image of the offender has been released after the incident, after he threatened a member of staff with what may have been a gun.
The offender is described by police as having “very blue eyes”, is 5ft 8ins tall, around 30-years-old, was wearing green trousers and a black padded jacket which was muddy.
Anyone with information is urged to call 101 and give the reference 5218015530.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Two men attack autistic teenager
Police are searching for two men who jumped out of a van and attacked a teenager with special needs.
The 16-year-old, who is autistic and has ADHD, was on his way to McDonald's in Yate with a friend at around 5.15pm when he was assaulted. The trip was a treat, after hearing the good news that he had got a place at college.
He was standing on Station Road, near Morrisons, when a small white van pulled up and two men jumped out and started punching him in the head and stomach.
Police are looking for anyone who may have witnessed the assault, which took place on Friday, January 12.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call police on 101 and quote crime reference number 5218008801.
Masked robbers out for cash and cigarettes
Police are looking for two men who robbed a convenience store in Filton. The two masked and hooded men went into the newsagent in Filton Avnue and threatened staff before taking cash and cigarettes.
They carried out the raid on the McColls shop on Sunday January 14.
After threatening staff working in the shop, the robbers made off with £200 in cash and cigarettes.
They are asking anyone who recognises the men pictured or has any information that could help their investigations to get in touch.
Witnesses should call police on 101, quoting crime reference number 5218 010 027, and ask to speak to North East investigations.
Vandals smash pensioner's window with large rock
Vandals threw a large stone through a pensioner's window while he was asleep upstairs.
Russ Philbert woke up in shock after hearing a loud noise come from his living room while he slept upstairs.
The 71-year-old came downstairs to find his front room's window smashed by a large rock, which had been taken from a neighbour's garden.
No one tried to enter his house in Salisbury Road, Downend, but the incident has left his badly shaken.
Anyone with information should ring the police on 101, quoting incident number 5218009152.
Woman threatened by robber wielding piece of wood with a nail through it
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A woman was robbed by a man who threatened her with a piece of wood with a nail stuck in it, stealing her bag and mobile phone before running off.
Police have asked members of the public to get in touch if they recognise the man in the video above, who they are trying to trace.
In the video, released by Avon and somerset police on Tuesday, January 16, the man police want to trace can be seen buying cigarettes in a shop using a credit or debit card.
The robbery took place at 7.15am on November 2 last year.
Anyone who recognises the man or believes they may have information about the incident should call the police on 101 and quote the crime reference number 5217 250 347.
Unknown liquid sprayed in face of man during Kingswood jewellery robbery
A man was taken to hospital after being incapacitated by a substance during a robbery in Kingswood.
The 44-year-old man was sprayed with the unknown substance, which then went into his face, when an offender went into Jewellery Market in Regent Street on Saturday, January 13.
The incident happened at around 5pm and the offender, who was wearing a dark hooded top, escaped with a holdall containing a quantity of jewellery.
The victim was taken to Southmead Hospital but has since been discharged and is recovering at home.
Police are continuing their inquiries. A force spokesperson said: "We want to speak to anyone who saw this incident, or a man wearing the clothing described either before or after the robbery.
"If you can help, please call Investigations and give the call handler the reference number 5218009396."
Man knocked unconscious in Bristol bar
Police are looking for these men after another man was knocked out cold outside a Bristol bar in the early hours of Christmas Eve.
At 1.46am on Sunday, December 24, outside the Blue Lagoon Café on Gloucester Road, a man was assaulted, knocked out and injured.
First suspect is a white male (pictured above), late 20s – early 30s, dark hair, short at the sides, messy fringe; at the time of the incident was wearing a body warmer jacket.
Second suspect is a white male (pictured below), late 20s – early 30s, well built, dark hair, very short on sides; at the time of the incident was wearing a tight, light coloured jumper.
If you recognise either of these men, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, quoting 5217293919. You can choose to remain anonymous.
If you would like to speak to the Police directly, call 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5217293919.
Assault and threats to kill
(Image: Avon and Somerset Police)
An urgent police appeal to trace a wanted man from Hartcliffe has been issued.
Jim Darren Hobbs is wanted for an assault and making threats to kill following an incident which happened on New Year's Day.
The 41-year-old is described as white, 5ft 10in tall and of proportionate build, with blue eyes, shaven receding grey hair and a small scar on his upper lip. Anyone who sees Hobbs is being urged not to approach him.
Instead witnesses should call 999 and provide the call handler with the crime reference number 5218 000 265.
Information can also be given anonymously to Crimestoppers, on 08000 555111.
Yatton sex criminal
(Image: Google Maps)
A 14-year-old girl was grabbed and a woman sexually assaulted in a series of crimes being linked by police.
Four sexual offences have been carried out over just two days last month in Yatton, say officers. They all involve a man touching or exposing himself to women and girls.
Police have stepped up patrols in the North Somerset village following the offences.
The first reported incident happened at about 9.20am on Sunday, January 7, when a man exposed himself to a woman in Yatton High Street.
At 6.15pm on Monday, January 8, a 33-year-old woman was sexually assaulted after a man grabbed her in Stowey Road at around 6.15am.
Shortly after 7pm, a man inappropriately grabbed a 14-year-old girl in Henley Park. And just after 7.30pm, a man exposed himself to a group of teenage girls in Derham Park.
Anyone with information should call 101 and quote the crime reference number 5218 005 648.
Sex attacker in Westbury-on-Trym park
Police are searching for a man who walked up behind a 60-year-old woman, lifted up her coat and touched her.
Officers think it may not be the first time he has done this and they want to hear from victims of similar incidents.
Avon and Somerset Constabulary is appealing for witnesses following the incident in a park in Westbury-on-Trym which took place at about 1pm on Thursday, January 4.
In a statement police said a 60-year-old woman was walking with her sister-in-law. A man approached from behind and lifted her coat and touched her inappropriately. Police said he also used abusive or threatening language towards the woman.
The victim, who was distressed by the incident, reported the matter to the police who arrested a man shortly afterwards on suspicion of a public order offence.
The 24-year-old man has since been released under investigation.
Officers are keen to hear from anyone who was in Canford Park at the time the incident took place who may have information to help with their enquiries.
Police also said they were particularly keen to hear from any victims of similar incidents in Westbury-on-Trym, Sea Mills of Shirehampton areas over the past few weeks.
Anyone able to assist is asked to call us on 101, quoting 5218002495.
POINT PLEASANT, W.Va. — You win some, you lose some.
The Point Pleasant baseball team has now done both this season, as non-conference guest Chapmanville handed the Big Blacks their first setback by a 7-1 tally on Monday in Mason County.
Chapmanville (1-0) broke the scoreless tie in the top of the first inning, as Noah Dingess hit a solo home run. Two innings later, Dingess doubled and later scored on an Adam Vance sacrifice fly, giving CHS a 2-0 lead.
Chase Berry drove in Dingess in the fifth inning, stretching Chapmanville's lead to 3-0. The Tigers broke the game open with four runs on three hits, one walk and one error in the top of the sixth inning.
After stranding five runners in scoring position in the first five innings, Point Pleasant (1-1) finally broke through in the bottom of the sixth, as senior Tucker Mayes blasted a solo home run to start the frame.
The Big Blacks had just one more base runner in the game and fell by a 7-1 final.
Conner Mullins was the winning pitcher of record for the Tigers.
Suffering the setback for the Big Blacks was Joe Herdman, who struck out four batters in 3.1 innings and allowed two runs, five hits, and two walks. In relief for PPHS, Sam Pinkerton struck out two batters and gave up three runs, while Brody Jeffers surrendered two runs. Joel Beattie finished the game on the hill for PPHS and struck out one batter.
Mayes went 1-for-3 with a home run to lead the Big Blacks at the plate, while Pinkerton, Miles Williams and Carter Smith each singled once in the contest.
Dingess led the victors with a 4-for-4 day, that included a triple, two doubles and four runs scored. Josh Zigmond and Trenton Short each had two hits, with Short scoring once, while J.D. Ferrell and Conner Mullins both singled once and scored once.
Both teams left eight runners on base and committed four errors in the contest.
The Big Blacks end their three-game homestand on Wednesday, when Ripley visits Mason County.
PPHS will compete at Chapmanville's tournament on April 6 and 7.
PPHS junior Sam Pinkerton (10) throws out a runner on his way to first base, during Chapmanville's 7-1 win on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_3.21-PP-Pinkerton.jpg PPHS junior Sam Pinkerton (10) throws out a runner on his way to first base, during Chapmanville's 7-1 win on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Point Pleasant freshman Kyelar Morrow tags a Chapmanville runner between first and second base, during the Tigers' 7-1 win on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_3.21-wp-PP-Morrow.jpg Point Pleasant freshman Kyelar Morrow tags a Chapmanville runner between first and second base, during the Tigers' 7-1 win on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports PPHS senior Tucker Mayes (15) trots home following his solo home run to center field, during the Big Blacks' six-run setback on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_3.21-wo-PP-Mayes.jpg PPHS senior Tucker Mayes (15) trots home following his solo home run to center field, during the Big Blacks' six-run setback on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports PPHS sophomore Joe Herdman (22) delivers a pitch during the Big Blacks' 7-1 setback on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_3.21wo-PP-Herdman.jpg PPHS sophomore Joe Herdman (22) delivers a pitch during the Big Blacks' 7-1 setback on Monday in Point Pleasant, W.Va. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
4 New Exemptions To The Tax Penalty For Lacking Health Insurance
Enlarge this image toggle caption PeopleImages/Getty Images PeopleImages/Getty Images
There already have been more than a dozen reasons U.S. consumers can use to avoid paying the penalty for not having health insurance. Now the federal government has added four more.
These "hardship exemptions" let people off the hook if they can't find a marketplace plan that meets not only their coverage needs but also reflects their view if they are opposed to abortion.
It's unclear how significant the impact will be, policy analysts say. That's because starting in tax year 2019 the penalty for not having health insurance will be eliminated, so the new exemptions will mostly apply to penalty payments for 2018 taxes and in the previous two years.
"I think the exemptions ... may very marginally increase the number of healthy people who don't buy health insurance on the individual market," says Timothy Jost, emeritus professor of law at Washington and Lee University in Virginia, whose specialty is health law.
Under the new rules, people can apply for a hardship exemption that excuses them from having to have health insurance if they:
Live in an area where there are no marketplace plans.
Live in an area where there is just one insurer selling marketplace plans.
Can't find an affordable marketplace plan that doesn't cover abortion.
Experience "personal circumstances" that make it difficult for them to buy a marketplace plan, including not being able to find a plan in their area that gives them access to specialty care they need.
The first new exemption isn't relevant for consumers in 2018. Since the Affordable Care Act's marketplaces opened, there have been no "bare" counties that lack insurers.
However, in about half of the U.S. counties — in which 26 percent of enrollees live — there is only one marketplace insurer this year, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
As for the abortion exemption, in many places it won't be an issue either. Women in 31 states didn't have access to a marketplace plan that covered abortion in 2016, according to another Kaiser Family Foundation analysis.
Still, a few states — California, New York and Oregon — generally require abortion coverage in their marketplace plans, and women who live there might have trouble finding a plan that excludes that coverage, according to people who have studied the situation.
From its inception, the ACA has allowed several different types of exemptions from the penalty for not having coverage. Among them are exemptions for not being able to find coverage that is considered affordable or being without insurance for less than three consecutive months in a year.
People claim these more common exemptions when they file their tax returns.
In addition, hardship exemptions that were already on the books protected people who faced eviction, had filed for bankruptcy or had racked up medical debt, among other difficulties. Consumers apply for these exemptions by submitting an application to the ACA insurance marketplace.
The new hardship exemptions apply to people in all 50 states, according to an official at the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, which oversees the health law's insurance marketplaces. To apply, people generally need to provide a brief explanation of the circumstances that made it a hardship for them to buy a marketplace plan, along with any available documentation, when they submit their application to marketplace officials. They can apply for the current calendar year or going back two years, to 2016.
It's difficult to gauge how many people will try to take advantage of the changes, says Tara Straw, a senior policy analyst at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.
"People aren't sure how to apply, or if they're eligible, and that discourages them from applying," Straw says.
The penalty for not having health insurance in 2018 is the greatest of $695 or 2.5 percent of household income.
During the 2017 filing season, there were more than 106 million tax returns reporting that all family members had health insurance, and nearly 11 million tax returns that claimed an exemption from the requirement to have it, according to a report from the Treasury Department's inspector general for tax administration.
In addition, more than 4 million returns reported paying penalties totaling nearly $3 billion for not having health insurance.
People often don't realize they may owe a penalty until it's time to do their taxes, says Alison Flores, a principal tax research analyst at H&R Block's Tax Institute. H&R tax preparers first check to see if clients can qualify for an exemption that can be claimed on their tax returns, Flores says. If that doesn't work, they move on to the hardship exemptions.
The preparers help people get the hardship exemption application, but it's up to consumers to send it to the marketplace and get the exemption certificate.
The federal guidance about the new exemptions was released April 9, shortly before the end of the income tax filing season. People who've already filed their taxes and qualify for the new exemptions for tax years 2016 or 2017 and get marketplace approval can file an amended tax return to receive a refund of any penalty they paid, says Katie Keith, a health policy consultant who writes regularly about health reform.
"You have to really be motivated," Keith says.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. Michelle Andrews is on Twitter @mandrews110.
Vice President Pence Sends Warning To North Korea Amid Rising Tensions
In South Korea Monday, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea that U.S. patience was running out with the regime. This came a day after North Korea tried and failed to test a ballistic missile.
After resident concerns, including a petition presented in opposition to Stetson's proposal for street closure on 61st Street South, Gulfport City Attorney Andrew Salzman spoke plainly about the status of the issue at the Gulfport City Council meeting on Tuesday, September 5.
“I have heard nothing for quite a period of time,” Salzman said, explaining that he had told Stetson he would not bring the proposals to council unless they “fix a couple of issues.” The school, he said, has not responded. “We also told them to go out into the community and get support from the community, which, obviously, that has not happened. So that's why you haven't seen it: there's nothing to bring you.”
Salzman also addressed the comments and allegations made at a previous city council meeting that the city was conducting private meetings with Stetson regarding the proposal.
“There's nothing before you, there's nothing being done, and frankly,” he said, “as we sit here today, we don't see anything happening in the future. So I don't want people to think we're hiding something. We're not. There's nothing going on.”
Stetson first approached the city with the idea of the street closure between the law library and the main campus last October.
Councilmember Yolanda Roman was critical of Stetson's handling of the issue regarding community outreach: “It wasn't done until May, June, July where there was really transparency to the community and what was happening, and the stories have changed,” she said. “You have to really understand…how confusing, how frustrating this process has been [for residents], and I think that just adds to the issue. I don't think folks mean to pick on us, but we are their voice.”
Special Events Cost Structure to Save Thousands for City
After extensive analysis of the costs of special events, city staff have created a standard plan for how they handle these events going forward. The solution: organizations will have to pay their share.
“We did meet with the organizations,” said City Manager Jim O'Reilly of the discussions city staff has had with local groups who usually put on special events in the city. “And what we've done is provide a level of equity of service.
“If you have a major event, it's budgeted at $1400 a day. Single smaller community event has a $1000 expense cost. We've asked for organizations to offset costs when we exceed what our appropriation would consist of.”
With regard to free use of the Casino for special events, O'Reilly alluded to a return to an older policy of limiting each organization to one application.
“We've returned to that,” he said of a plan that would also offer a discounted, non-profit rate at 33% off the current resident rate.
“Instead of giving away a $2400 rental,” said O'Reilly, “we're now saying OK here's a cost we can realize. And we can charge you. But you get one free.”
O'Reilly added that the city postponed the approval of the events calendar so that organizations can take this new rate structure into account in their planning. Also in the plan would be a $50 application fee for events to help offset some of the cost of staff reviewing the applications and to stand as a “measure of commitment” from the applicant.
“Also public safety costs, if there's alcohol and such, would be borne by the applicant,” O'Reilly said.
The mayor thanked staff for extending the application deadline for this year, adding, “Next year we'll know August 1st is the time to have all those in.”
Roman said that she “did get positive feedback from the groups you met with, so that is a good thing,” but made an additional point about the fee structure for the volleyball courts.
“When you take the whole beach away, that's a lot more work for staff, is it not?” she said of the occasional events where temporary courts line Gulfport Beach.
Taking up the beach should be priced differently, she maintained, than the current $250 per day fee for the permanent courts.
“I think the fair thing is $250 per day, as it is for the stationary courts, and $500 for an entire beach closure,” she said. “That's my proposal.”
O'Reilly said that he would discuss the issue with the applicants and “bring it back to council.”
Councilmember Michael Fridovich also expressed concern about employee costs during events.
“I do think that we need to find ways to either offset this next year with more volunteers.”
Fridovich had a further, perhaps controversial, suggestion for lowering city events costs.
“I do think, and this is not going to make me very popular with two organizations, that part of our problem in this town is that we have too many organizations,” he said. “I'd love to see one organization – the Chamber of Commerce – and have offshoot committees, such as the GMA and other organizations, work under the chamber. Which would cut down costs as well.”
He added, “But given the histories, personalities and every other issue in the world, I doubt that's going to happen.”
O'Reilly explained that the new equitable costs structure is just one step that has “reduced our cost immensely.”
The city “saved about $22,000 this way,” he said. “We have reduced our subsidies and we've also increased our revenue from organizations.”
He added, “It's a step… it's not far enough…. but we have reduced our level.”
Mayor Henderson weighed in on special events costs saying, “I think that sometimes one of the biggest things we do is try to be too big for a small town … Maybe the big events aren't necessarily what we need to do.”
Applicants can “go for the moon if they want to,” he said, but the smaller events “suit us better.”
In addition to cost savings, O'Reilly stated that a reduced calendar would be a relief for often overworked staff.
“That's a lot of weekends that you're here,” he said.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Red-faced Tory ministers have written to every MP in England urging them to help a little-used fund for small businesses get spent.
The £300m fund was announced by Chancellor Philip Hammond after a Tory outcry over firms that were losing out in a controversial revaluation.
But almost five months later, just two out of 99 councils that replied to Freedom of Information requests had paid out from the fund.
Tandridge, Surrey, allocated £156,000 while Amber Valley, Derbyshire, paid £41,000 - a total of just £197,000.
Now it has emerged local government minister Marcus Jones sent a follow-up letter to MPs urging them to get involved personally.
Dated August 7, it tells them: "I'm sure you will agree it is important this additional financial support reaches eligible businesses as soon as possible.
"You may want to take this up with your local authority."
Lib Dem leader Vince Cable branded plea "an admission of failure".
(Image: WENN)
He added: "A scheme designed to help to struggle businesses is failing to reach the people who need it most.
"The government managed to create an unfair system for small companies when they undertook their revaluation of business rates.
"Now, in trying to fix their original mistakes, many businesses are losing out simply because councils do not have adequate software to make this scheme workable.
“The government failed to properly plan this scheme leaving thousands of small businesses high and dry."
Mark Rigby, Chief Executive of business rent and rates specialists CVS, added: "It took a crescendo of outcry from small firms fearing for their livelihoods to get this relief.
"It's been disheartening to watch those very firms fear for their survival having now made 5 instalment payments without the financial help they were promised."
Andrea Francolini back in the air for the Pittwater to Southport start
Capturing the moment is great, but are you also savouring it? - 2017 Pittwater to Southport © Andrea Francolini https:// Capturing the moment is great, but are you also savouring it? - 2017 Pittwater to Southport © Andrea Francolini https:// www.facebook.com/AndreaFrancoliniPhotography/
by John Curnow today at 5:09 am
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150846
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on a four day tour of Sweden and Norway , where they'll be visiting landmarks, mingling with locals and spending time with the respective royal families of each country.
Kate, who is around six months pregnant with her third child , has been wowing us with maternity outfits old and new over the past few months.
As usual, Kate likes to display sartorial diplomacy, whether that be through her choice in colours or designers, so expect her to add some Scandinavian wears to her wardrobe.
And of course, she'll fly the flag for British fashion and her stylist Natasha Archer is likely to have packed pieces from favourites such as Catherine Walker, Erdem and Alexander McQueen .
Take a look at all of her outfits from the royal tour 2018.
Outfit 9: KJUS orange and white ski jacket to tour Holmenkollen Ski Jump in Oslo
(Image: PA)
For their final engagement of the tour, the Duke and Duchess toured Holmenkollen Ski Jump to watch juniors from Norway's national team and to see a group of local nursery children take part in a lesson.
(Image: PA)
Kate and William looked very cosy in ski jackets and bobble hats. The Duchess wore a white and orange stripe 'Duana' jacket, £650, by Norwegian brand KJUS, while William complemented her in blue - a subtle nod to the host's national colours.
(Image: Rex)
Kate teamed her outerwear with black jeans, gloves and her waterproof 'Torino' snow boots (£120) from Sorel. She topped off her look with a white hand-knitted beanie, £26, by Barts - a Scandi-based brand.
(Image: WireImage)
Prince William also sported another beanie hat by charity brand Gandys.
Outfit 8: Dolce & Gabbana coat and TiMo dress to visit Hartvig Nissen School in Oslo
(Image: Getty)
For the fourth and final day of the tour, Kate and William visited Hartvig Nissen School in Oslo, which was the location for the hugely successful Norwegian TV programme 'Skam.'
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The Duchess looked cosy and chic in a burgundy double-breasted coat by Dolce & Gabbana. It's a new addition to her arsenal of outerwear but perfect for the Nordic conditions.
(Image: Rex)
Her Tod's suede block heels have clearly become a staple for the Duchess and we dare say, are more comfortable than stiletto heels when you're pregnant.
(Image: Rex)
She teamed it with matching black accessories, her trusty Mulberry Bayswater clutch, which she has owned for years.
(Image: Rex)
Kate kept her jewellery simple by choosing her Mappin & Webb 'Empress' earrings.
(Image: Getty)
We also got a glimpse of her dress underneath her coat, believed to be by Oslo brand TiMo, which is also a favourite of Crown Princess Mette-Marit.
Outfit 7: Alexander McQueen dress for dinner at Royal Palace in Oslo
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
For an evening dinner at the Royal Palace in Oslo, Kate wore a blush pink floor-length gown by Alexander McQueen.
(Image: REUTERS)
The flowing dress featured crystal embellishment detailing, a sleeveless bodice and a cape overlay. The empire line flattered Kate's baby bump and made her look very regal.
(Image: REUTERS)
The Duchess borrowed jewels from the royal jewellery box - the Queen's diamond drop pendant earrings.
(Image: REUTERS)
She also wore the Queen's wedding gift bracelet and completed her look with her blush Jimmy Choo 'Celeste' clutch, which has paved rhinstones on the frame.
Outfit 6: Catherine Walker blue coat and Seraphine navy dress to arrive in Norway
(Image: Daily Mirror)
William and Kate arrived to snow in Norway, as they were greeted by Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit. They were forced to abandon their final stop in Sweden, due to the weather.
(Image: Getty)
Kate stepped off the plane in a blue funnel neck coat by Catherine Walker (for the third time on this tour).
(Image: Rex)
She very bravely opted for nude hosiery and her Tod's suede block heels - not exactly snow-friendly, but she did step straight into a car after arriving. She teamed it with a matching clutch - her Mulberry Bayswater bag.
(Image: Rex)
Her hair was styled into an elegant chignon, like previously for her evening engagement in Stockholm and she was once again wearing her sapphire diamond drop earrings to match the blue ensemble.
(Image: Getty)
The couple met the rest of the Norwegian royal family at the Royal Palace. Kate removed her coat to reveal her her £169 Seraphine 'Marlene' dress. The navy-blush frock features a lace bodice, high neck and subtle bell sleeves - a style Kate seems to be fond of on this trip.
(Image: Getty)
Outfit 5: Erdem blue velvet dress for evening reception at at the Fotografiska Gallery in Stockholm
(Image: PA)
The couple spent the day in Oslo, where they explored the Princess Ingrid Alexandra Sculpture Park within the Palace gardens. Kate sensibly changed into brown suede boots and added her Troy London faux fur collar to her coat. There was also the return of the furry brown hat and her Cornelia James 'Clementine' gloves.
Kate attended her second evening reception in Sweden and again opted for a dress by favourite Erdem.
(Image: Getty)
The blue velvet Christina dress features a floral print, a high neckline and bell sleeves. Unsurprisingly the midi-frock, which originally cost £2,690, has already sold out.
(Image: Getty)
The Duchess teamed it with her Gianvito Rossi d'Orsay ankle-strap heels, first seen in Paris last year.
(Image: PA)
She wore her hair in an elegant updo, which showed off a new pair of earrings - Robinson Pelham's 18ct white gold Aspen hoops from their Oxygen collection, which cost £4,900.
(Image: Splash)
Kate arrived at the event wearing a new coat by Ida Sjöstedt - one of the Swedish royals' favourite native designers. She teamed it with her Troy London faux fur collar and cuffs.
Outfit 4: Catherine Walker red and white houndstooth coat and Alexander McQueen boucle dress to visit the Karolinska Institute, Matteusskolan School and the NK exhibition
(Image: WireImage)
On day two, Kate stepped out in a red and white houndstooth coat by Catherine Walker, with double-breasted button detailing, which flattered her baby bump.
(Image: WireImage)
It was another busy day for her and William as they visited the Karolinska Institute and Matteusskolan School to hear about Sweden's approach to managing mental health challenges.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They then opened an interactive exhibition of UK design, fashion and brands within one of Sweden's leading department stores NK, followed by high tea with Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel.
(Image: Getty)
After wearing Princess Diana's earrings to the black-tie dinner, Kate paid another subtle tribute to her late mother-in-law by donning a similar outfit to a striking two-piece Diana wore in 1990.
(Image: WireImage)
Kate appears to have ditched her favourite LK Bennett nude courts of late, opting for another chunky heeled pair of Tod's. The £135 burgundy fringed pumps made their debut on the royal tour of Canada in 2016.
(Image: Getty)
The Duchess also toted her burgundy Chanel quilted calfskin bag with enamel handle, which is believed to have originally retailed for around £3,762. Kate has a penchant for clutch bags, but appears to be taking a leaf out of her future sister-in-law Meghan Markle's book and carrying more practical accessories.
(Image: Splash)
Pearl accessories completed her look, but it's a new pair for the Duchess. The £106 Baroque pearl drop earrings are by Swedish jewellery company in2Design.
(Image: PA)
Later Kate removed her coat to reveal she was wearing a bespoke Alexander McQueen boucle-tweed dress underneath, with an empire line, which was perfect for her growing baby bump.
Outfit 3: Erdem floral dress for black tie dinner at the Residence of the British Ambassador in Stockholm
(Image: REUTERS)
On Tuesday night (day one) Kate and William joined the Swedish royal family for a black tie dinner at the Residence of the British Ambassador in Stockholm.
Kate wowed in a bold floral Erdem dress in mustard gold - a subtle tribute to one of Sweden's national colours - which appears to be a modified version of the brand's silk-crepe de Chine 'Stephanie' gown , from the AW17 collection, and costs £1,945.
(Image: Getty)
She teamed it with a new burgundy-red suede clutch.
(Image: Getty)
Her chic updo showed that she was wearing Princess Diana's Collingwood pearl and diamond earrings and matching bracelet.
Outfit 2: Catherine Walker dress and matching coat to attend lunch and walkabout with Sweden's royal family
(Image: PA)
There was time for a quick change after the bandy hockey game, for a lunch with Sweden's royal family - King Carl XVI Gustaf, Queen Silvia, Prince Daniel and Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Kate wore a bespoke design by tour favourite Catherine Walker, which looked to be a modification of their funnel-neck 'Bea' coatdress . The Duchess teamed it with semi-sheer tights and her trusty Tod's suede block heel pumps.
(Image: PA)
The Swedish royals accompanied the Duke and Duchess on a walk around Stockholm, where Kate decided to swap her heels for her Russell & Bromley/Stuart Weitzman HALFNHALF knee-high boots .
(Image: PA)
She also covered up in a matching forest green coat, also by Catherine Walker, which was midi-length and featured oversized buttons.
(Image: PA)
She donned another piece of headwear - the black furry hat we saw her wearing for the church service at Sandringham on Christmas Day. She added an extra layer of warmth with a faux fur collar, £65, and matching cuffs, £40, by Troy London .
(Image: Getty)
We also saw the Duchess toting a new handbag - Mulberry 's £895 Mini Seaton style, which has a signature Rider's Lock.
(Image: PA)
And finally, Kate completed her look with her her Kiki McDonough 'special edition' drop earrings with green amethyst, green tourmaline and diamond gems, which are believed to have been made for Kate after Princess Charlotte's birth. She first debuted them on the royal tour of India and Bhutan in 2016.
Outfit 1: Burberry coat to watch bandy hockey game at Vasparken public park in Stockholm, Sweden
Kate and William braved Nordic temperatures for their first engagement of the royal tour and watched a bandy hockey game at Vasparken public park, in Stockholm.
(Image: PA)
Kate wrapped up in Burberry's £2,495 'Tolladine' double-breasted coat with plush shearling and black jeans, likely to be one of her trusty Zara skinnies. She championed both British and Swedish fashions on day one, wearing a £139 Ovik Folk Knit Sweater by Fjallraven .
In order not to slip on the ice, Kate opted to wear waterproof 'Torino' snow boots (£120) by Canadian label Sorel and suede faux fur trim thermal gloves, £21, from John Lewis .
(Image: WireImage)
The Duchess looked adorable in a £103 Eugenia Kim pom pom hat , with her hair cascading around her shoulders in loose waves.
(Image: PA)
There was some controversy around this choice, as social media users believed she was wearing a version of the beanie, which contains fox fur. However Kensington Palace stressed that Kate was wearing the faux fur style.
She finished off her look with a £89 cashmere fine cable snood in bordeaux from Brora , which matched Prince William's hat, and her Asprey button earrings .
Bobby Brown wants to "slap" Kanye West for using a photograph of Whitney Houston's bathroom for Pusha-T's album artwork.
The 40-year-old rapper sparked controversy after he paid $85,000 for the image of the for the shocking image - which was secretly taken by Whitney's sister-in-law Tina Brown in 2006 - which shows the room littered with drug paraphernalia.
Now, the late singer's 41-year-old ex husband has fired back at Kanye over his decision, telling Rolling Stone magazine: "Why would he post that on his album cover? That's really disgusting that he would do that.
"That's in really bad taste. Something should happen to Kanye. He's already crazy. I knew that when I first met him.
"Now he's pushing the bar a little bit. He needs somebody to slap him up or something. And I'm just the person to do it."
Bobby's comments on the issue come after Whitney's cousin Damon Elliott, whose mother is Dionne Warwick, said he only heard about the planned use of the image for 'Daytona' when his daughter told him.
He explained to PEOPLE: "She was frantic. She sent me this picture from the album cover and I immediately got sick to my stomach because it took me right back to six years ago.
"I was actually in shock because I'm in the music business.
"I've watched the train wreck happening, but I didn't think he'd go this far in invading someone's family privacy.
"To do something for a publicity stunt to sell records, it's absolutely disgusting. It hurt my family and my daughter. It's petty. It's tacky."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British couple's daring wedding photo shows the bride appearing to carry out a sex act on her new husband - and it seems to have started a cheeky new trend.
The picture was posted moments after Matthew and Carly Lunn tied the knot in Greece - and their pals have branded them 'legends'.
It shows Matthew with his right arm aloft in front of a picturesque lake as the sun sets, with his trousers around his ankles and boxers pulled to his knees.
Carly is on her knees in front of him, her hands on his hips and her head in a very suggestive position.
Matthew, 27, posted the picture on Facebook straight away, much to the delight of his friends and family.
"This is absolutely class" raved one friend after it appeared.
(Image: Carly Lunn)
Former £3,000-a-week escort who became 'love coach' marries HERSELF after string of failed relationships
The bride and groom wanted a picture that was unique and reflected their cheeky sense of humour.
So they were surprised when a similar image circulated of a Dutch couple doing the same thing , although friends of the Lunns say their version is better.
Carly, 34, told Mirror Online she was stunned by the reaction it has received.
She said: "It was something we said we'd do for a joke, we agreed to do it before we got married and followed through with it.
"Everyone's loved it, it was a brilliant wedding photo."
(Image: Carly Lunn)
The image was taken by a family member of Matthew, 27, after their wedding on September 25.
After the picture went online, the couple were soon receiving messages from friends and family in the UK and Greece.
(Image: Carly Lunn)
(Image: Carly Lunn)
"It was just a photo, we did it away from the guests and it was a bit of fun," Carly said.
"We expected a lot of laughs and jokes from people, but didn't expect it to be as popular as it was. People back in England were commenting on it, the whole thing went mad."
Asked if she had any regrets, she replied: "Not at all, it's a bit of fun."
(Image: CEN/Michel Klooster)
But she was surprised when a picture of a Dutch couple went viral today, showing a couple doing exactly the same thing.
The unusual wedding photo was posted alongside the caption: "Some newlyweds cannot wait for the party to be over so they can quietly retreat to their suite for a smashing wedding night.
"Luckily they already exchanged their wedding vows and they were officially married."
Since the pictures emerged, Carly said she has been tagged numerous times on Facebook.
She said: "People were saying they were stealing our thunder, but I think it's funny."
A friend of the couple, Wayne Hodgkins, told Mirror Online: "I think they should be recognised for coming up with the idea.
"They planned to get married abroad. Matthew always said he was going to have a photo taken that no one else has got, so after the official photos were taken he ran round the corners and dropped his kegs, and said Carly, get on your knees."
In Toronto, Tyler Bozak's tip-in put a charge into the Air Canada Centre. Ditto with Nashville when the Predators scored in OT for another win over Chicago.
They had some extra fun in Boston and Calgary, too, before Ottawa and Anaheim finally broke through.
There are few thrills quite like overtime playoff hockey, and the NHL hasn't had a night with this sort of excitement in more than 30 years. All four postseason games Monday went to OT for the first time since April 10, 1985, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. The only other time it happened before that was April 11, 1980.
“Those are the most fun games to play, definitely” Bozak said.
Advertisement
There's been fun to go around in these playoffs.
Eleven of 24 postseason games have gone to overtime in the first round, including all three games between Toronto and Washington and two between Ottawa and Boston. All eight first-round series have included at least one OT finish. The record for an entire postseason is 17 overtime games in 2013.
And with underdogs like Nashville, Toronto and St. Louis threatening early upsets, these playoffs are getting an extra boost.
“It was a 10,” Predators coach Peter Laviolette said of the atmosphere Monday. “I'm not sure there's another place like it.”
Nashville got its win behind a backhand goal from 20-year-old Kevin Fiala 16:44 into OT, the longest game of the night. Fiala and teammates Mike Fisher and James Neal jumped together into the end boards to celebrate a 3-0 series lead over the top-seeded Blackhawks.
The quickest end came in Calgary, where Anaheim stunned the Flames. Perry scored 90 seconds into extra time, helping the Ducks rally from three-goals down to win — a first in the team's postseason history. Around the Saddledome, fans in red sweaters threw up their arms in frustration before quietly making their way to the exits.
Boston's TD Garden crowd didn't disperse so easily. Bobby Ryan's winner came on the power play following a disputed roughing call against the Bruins' Riley Nash, and fans rained boos on the officials and threw items onto the ice in protest.
And then there's the party in Toronto, which hadn't hosted a playoff game since 2013. Bozak's goal 1:37 into overtime, putting the Leafs ahead of Washington 2-1 in their first-round series. Bozak celebrated by jumping on Nazem Kadri, who passed the puck to set up the winner, and then the pair was mobbed by the rest of the squad.
“It's a lot of emotion,” Bozak said. “You just want to be with your teammates and celebrate.”
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/NHLhockey
In this episode of “Past Deadline,” host Grace Elletson sits down with Natalie Shanklin, managing editor of The Ithacan and Zoe Howland, co-president of Active Minds, to discuss the Get CAPS Ready campaign from 2015 and its impact today.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ Nebraska lawmakers have advanced new rules to clarify how they will investigate allegations that members of the Legislature don't live in the districts they represent.
Senators gave the measure first-round approval on Friday with a 38-0 vote. The bill was inspired by a former legislative candidate's claims that state Sen. Ernie Chambers doesn't live in his north Omaha district.
John Sciara of Omaha challenged Chambers' residency after his failed attempt to defeat the longtime senator in the 2016 election. The case against Chambers was dismissed after a legislative committee concluded that Sciara's allegations weren't supported by evidence.
The bill seeks to answer many of the questions that were raised during the Legislature's review of the case.
This week's 4-Star Chicagoan made history by opening the first ever Barber College inside Cook County Jail. Larry Roberts is teaching inmates a trade that will help them build a career once released.Larry started cutting hair at the age of 13 in his parent's basement. After completing Barber College, at the age of 18, he opened the first Larry's Barber Shop. Larry relocated his barber shop to the south side of Chicago to provide a quality location and services in an under-served community. In 2004, Larry opened his first barber college in Chicago, and then went on to open 2 more locations.Larry and his team then made history by opening the first barber college inside Cook County Department of Corrections. This was the first if its kind and many did not believe that it would work. The barber college inside Cook County Jail does not receive any monetary compensation, so Larry decided to start a non-profit foundation that provides resources and finances for the Jail program and this college. He takes his services to Cook County jail for free, where he offers training to inmates, so they have a trade once released.For more information on Larry's Barber College, visit larrysbarbercollege.com.
Kim Kardashian West says her Instagram profile is the biggest insight into her personality.
The 37-year-old reality star - who has four-year-old daughter North, two-year-old son Saint, and three-month-old daughter Chicago with her husband Kanye West - has 110 million followers on the app and it's the place where she most likes to share how she is feeling day-to-day, unlike Snapchat which she uses for their range of filters and Twitter for talking to others and seeking opinions.
Speaking about her use of the three social platforms, she said: "Snapchat has the best filters, so I'm always using their filter, their camera for posting. With Instagram, it's this, like, mood for me.
"I'll post how I'm feeling, what I want to do, what I do. That's my mood.
"If I'm in Japan I'll put in all these inspo pics and I'll just, that's my vibe of what I'm feeling that week. So I think that's a good insight [into] my personality and what I'm feeling. With Twitter I really communicate with people the most. I look at that as the most interactive, but a great focus group too. I really do respect and value their opinions and I'm asking questions and love conversation back and forth. I love to live tweet if our show's on, if something's going on."
While Kim is an avid social media user, the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star has also admitted that she finds it "hard" to deal with trolls.
She told The Business of Fashion magazine: "You have to be a strong person to just handle all the negative comments and the negative energy that comes your way, because if you put yourself out there, [it's] the nature of the internet [that] everyone's going to want to hate. That trolling energy that everyone puts out there, that negative energy, is really hard to deal with. It's really, really tough."
Editor's note: This article was last updated on August 14, 2017, to include info on Apple Music's original video content and to update instructions to reflect changes in iOS 10.
Apple singlehandedly turned the digital music marketplace on its head when it launched the iTunes Store in 2003, and now it's going after the current hottest trend: Streaming media. Apple Music launched in 2015 to take on the likes of Spotify, Tidal, and other streaming subscription services. Now that it's hit it's two-year mark, Apple Music is showing no signs of slowing down—Apple is using the platform to launch original content and television shows, as well as exclusive content from artists.
Still, whether you're new to Apple Music or have been a subscriber since Day One, there's a lot to take in—especially if you're considering jumping ship from Spotify. Our guide to everything Apple Music can help set the record straight.
Antsy for more? Check out some of our other Apple Music content:
Getting started
Apple Apple music's For You section serves up artist and playlist recommendations, based on other things you've listened to and your profile preferences.
What the heck is this thing? Apple Music combines subscription-based music streaming with global radio-like programming and a social feature that connects artists to fans. It's bundled within iOS starting with version 8.4 and iTunes 12.2 (and all versions of iOS and macOS going forward). The service will come pre-installed on all iOS and macOS devices, but users will be able to stream music instead of purchase music. It's an all-you-can-eat service for subscribers: Pay a flat fee, and you unlock all of Apple Music's extensive 30 million-song library. Apple Music is also the new home for your personal music collection on your iOS devices.
Isn't that the same as iTunes? Not at all. iTunes is all about media ownership, functioning as both a virtual record store and an efficient digital library for music and other media (movies, TV shows, etc) that you own personally. The software comes pre-installed on all Apple devices, and is available as a free download for non-Apple PCs and mobile devices. iTunes doesn't require a subscription fee to use it (unless you use iTunes Match—more on that in a moment), since every song, album, movie, or show was purchased individually—either from the iTunes Store, or imported or ripped from another source.
Apple Music is all about streaming. You pay a flat fee to unlock access to Apple Music's entire catalogue, but you don't actually own the music you listen to. The files don't live individually on your devices; you're instead just listening to tracks stored remotely, that are owned by Apple. If you subscribe to any other media streaming subscription service—be it a music-only service like Spotify or Tidal, a TV service like Hulu, or a movie/TV combo service like Netflix or HBO Now—Apple Music functions the same way.
So, iTunes is dead? Not exactly. You can access your entire iTunes library from within Apple Music—just tap the My Music tab—and iTunes will still be a standalone app and media store if you'd prefer to continue to buy music a la carte. However, if you've let purchasing music fall by the wayside, you may never have to open iTunes again if you sign up for an Apple Music subscription.
What makes Apple Music different from Spotify/Tidal/every other music subscription service? Apple is putting a lot of emphasis on Apple Music's three additional features: Beats 1, curated playlists, and Connect.
Apple Beats 1 is Apple Music's 24/7 live radio station, which has a curated collection of songs and artist interviews.
Beats 1 is its radio offering, which features an around-the-clock worldwide live broadcast from DJs based in Los Angeles, New York, and London. It promises to deliver a curated selection of songs, pop culture news, and interviews with artists.
Speaking of curation, Apple Music also offers up recommendations tailored to your tastes, looking at artists you like and serving up other artists and playlists for you to listen to. But instead of being built by algorithms, they are built by real people, according to Apple. You can find these in the “For You” section of the app—but first you'll have to set it up by following the prompts to select genres and artists you like.
Connect is Apple Music's artist-based social networking feature, which lets fan follow artists. Artists can share special content with fans through Connect—for example, hip-hop artists Drake uses the service to post behind-the-scenes photos of his life, share snippets of new songs, and other content. Besides Drake, you'll find Connect profiles for Pharrell Williams, FKA twigs, Chris Cornell, Bastille, Alabama Shakes, Pearl Jam, and more. Apple has also created genre-specific profiles to follow. Apple automatically has you follow artists when you add their songs to your music library, but you can opt out of this (and find other artists to follow) in your account settings.
Apple Pick your favorite genres and artists to get the best recommendations possible.
Besides that, Apple Music's library has 30 million songs—the same number as Spotify, though the exact track listings vary. Oh, and you can also watch music videos without ads—something that no other streaming service currently offers—and watch Apple's exclusive original content and shows.
Apple You can find Apple's original content in the Browse tab.
Original content? As in, TV shows? Yes. Currently, Apple Music has two original series exclusive for subscribers—Carpool Karaoke: The Series, and Planet of the Apps. Carpool Karaoke: The Series is a spinoff of the popular segment regularly featured on The Late Late Show with James Corden, following the same format (celebrities in cars singing along to their favorite jams) and hosted by Corden. Planet of the Apps is a Shark Tank-style game show where developers pitch iOS app ideas to a panel of celebrity judges (Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow, Gary Vaynerchuk, and will.i.am).
Besides shows, Apple Music features other music-related content, from documentaries (like Can't Stop Won't Stop: A Bad Boy Story) to behind-the-scenes artist interviews and exclusive concert footage (including Taylor Swift's 1989 World Tour). To see Apple Music's full video lineup, go to the Browse tab and tap “TV & Movies.”
How much does this cost? Apple Music costs $9.99 per month, or $14.99 per month for a family subscription for up to six people (which requires iCloud Family Sharing). College students can subscribe for only $4.99 per month.
Is there a free, ad-supported version? Sadly, no. Some aspects will be available to anyone who logs in with an Apple ID—namely, Beats 1, the ability to follow artists on Connect, and the ability to listen to Apple Music radio stations with a limited number of skips—but a paid subscription is required to access Apple Music's entire library.
What devices can I use this on? Apple Music is available for all iPhones, iPads, and iPod touch models that are running iOS 8.4 or later. It's also available on the Mac and PC (via iTunes 12.2 or later), Apple TV (running tvOS 9 and newer), and on Apple Watch. Android users can join in on the fun, too, if their device is running Android 4.3 (Jelly Bean) or newer.
Wait, did you say Android? Yes! Android users can sign up and have access to Apple Music's complete catalogue, but they'll miss out on its full array of features (like voice commands). Music for all!
Can I try before I buy? Yes. Apple offers a three-month free trial for new subscribers.
Does it work with AirPlay? Yes! Each song or music video has an AirPlay button next to it—just tap it and select the device you want to beam to.
Which countries have access to Apple Music? Apple Music is available in more than 100 countries worldwide, including the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Australia, Japan, Brazil, and India. Check out Apple's complete list for more info.
Moving to Apple Music from other streaming services
If I subscribe to Apple Music, do I still need my iTunes Match subscription to keep my complete music collection together? According to Apple, iTunes Match and Apple Music are completely separate services, so it will be up to you to decide if you'd like to keep iTunes Match. If your personal music collection has a lot of rare tracks and content that you can't get through Apple Music, then you may want to consider keeping both subscriptions. Check out our explainer to learn more about how Apple Music and iTunes Match work together.
I spent years perfecting my playlists on Spotify and iTunes. Can I import these into Apple Music? Your iTunes playlists will automatically be pulled into Apple Music when you set up your account, as will the rest of your iTunes library.
However, if you use Spotify, Google Play Music, or any other music subscription service, you're out of luck—there is no easy way to directly import your playlists into Apple Music. Add “automatic playlist bridge between non-Apple streaming services” to our Apple Music wish list. There are some third-party playlist importers out there, like Stamp, but we haven't tried any of them first hand.
All about the music
How's the music quality? Apple Music streams songs at 256kbps, which is the same rate as iTunes Match. That's a bit of a drop from Spotify and the now-defunct Beats Music, which use a 320kbps bitrate. And competitor Tidal boasts more than just major celebrity endorsements: It offers a high-bitrate option (1411kbps lossless FLAC) at a pricier subscription rate, the “HiFi” tier for $19.99 a month.
Does Apple Music link with Sonos? Yes! If you have Sonos speakers set up in your home, getting started with Apple Music streaming is easy: just open the Sonos app and choose “add music services.” Select Apple Music and log in.
Apple You can easily sync music for offline listening, and release those tracks back into the cloud to make more space on your device.
Can I save music to listen to offline? Yep! Apple Music lets you save tracks to listen to offline—you can save as many songs as you'd like, as long as your device has space for them. But remember: You won't own those files and you won't be able to offload them anywhere else. You can't burn them onto a disc, use them in separate video projects, or put them on other devices that aren't linked to your Apple Music account. If you decide to cancel your Apple Music subscription, you'll lose access to those songs. However, the offline listening feature is a great option if you're concerned about data overages, or if you know you'll be in an area without a good wireless connection.
To save items for offline listening, tap the “More” button next to the artist, song, album, or playlist you want to save. Then select “Download” and the songs will start downloading. If you want to only view your offline music, head on over to your Library and select “Downloaded Music,” which you can then browse by Playlist, Artist, Album, or Song.
If I save too much music for offline listening, how can I delete to clear up iPhone/iPad space? The process is similar to adding music: Tap the “More” button next to the artist, song, album, or playlist you want to ditch, then tap “Remove” from the pop-up list.
When I add a playlist or album to my Library, does it auto download to my device when on Wi-Fi? No, it won't automatically download to your device. You'll have to mark that playlist or album for offline listening.
How will Beat 1 differ from iTunes Radio? iTunes Radio takes the Pandora-style approach to radio, where users create their own stations based around songs, artists, albums, or genres, and iTunes serves up songs that flow well around that theme. You can still use a version of iTunes Radio within Apple Music—but it's now called Apple Music radio stations. However, iTunes Radio stations were built by algorithms, and Apple Music's radio stations will mostly be hand-built.
Beats 1, on the other hand, is more like a traditional radio station, with a 24/7 live radio stream anchored by three DJs based in New York, Los Angeles, and London. Former BBC personality Zane Lowe is leading the effort from Los Angeles, with Ebro Darden of Hot 97 in New York, and Julie Adenuga in London. Beats 1 features a combination of songs handpicked by these DJs, plus celebrity interviews, pop culture news, and other music-related content. For now, it is commercial free—but you will hear the occasional sponsorship message—I hear quick sponsorships ads from time to time, like “Beats 1 is made possible by American Express.”
What's really neat is that every user around the world hears the same content at the same time, and these stations take a much more curated approach to radio than iTunes Radio does.
IF YOU'RE a Ben Harper fan, it's time to get excited, because the American blues star wants to come to Tyagarah Tea Tree Farm next year to celebrate 30 years of Bluesfest Byron Bay.
Harper will release his new album, No Mercy in this Land, on March 30, a collaboration with blues iconic artist Charlie Musselwhite.
Speaking to The Northern Star from California, where he lives, Harper initially thought this year was the 30th anniversary of the Bluesfest.
But then he realised the milestone was in fact next year.
"Oh this (year) is the 29th (festival)! Oh my God I have to make it there for the 30th!" Harper said.
"That would be outstanding! Ooooh! You just made my day! The fact that I am not missing the 30th is... oh good."
Harper said he felt a special connection with Byron Bay and Bluesfest.
"It's a festival like none other, it's family-based, it's a communal gathering as much as it is a festival," he said.
"Peter Noble has the most extraordinary taste in music, and he has devoted his life to making that festival something world-class and special.
"That festival and I have grown up together, and I have always considered it a privilege to get there."
The musician said he may be coming to Australia this year to promote No Mercy in this Land.
"It may be a good idea to play smaller venues with Charlie and maybe even going back to finish the tour with him at Bluesfest," he said.
Harper said even if he doesn't play in Byron Bay during his next Australian tour, he may visit.
"We always spend time travelling around Australia and we have visited Byron Bay many times," he said.
There's a bit of folk wisdom offered by and to managers and executives through the ages. To paraphrase, you can do a lot of things to your employees, but one thing you must never do is mess with their payroll.
That nugget of commonsensical wisdom should have been at the very heart of the Harper government's 2009 plan to replace its 40-year-old payroll management system. No doubt Stephen Harper and Tony Clement, who would become the point person for what came to be known as the Phoenix system, would argue that was the case. But it didn't happen that way.
In 2011 the government awarded the contract to IBM. The project checked many Conservative boxes. It promised to save $70 million annually. It promised to allow cutting staff by up to 3,000.
In 2015, Harper awarded the contract for a new Public Service Pay Centre in Miramichi, N.B. In 2015, after critical problems, IBM suggested delaying the rollout.
In February 2016, the system went live across 34 government departments. Protests and problems immediately broke out. Unions urged the government hold off full implementation. The advice was ignored. Thousands of staff were underpaid, overpaid, not paid, had their income tax deductions and T4s messed up.
The price tag now? More than $1 billion. But that doesn't begin to address the hardship and stress on staff. More than 70 per cent have fallen victim in some way to Phoenix problems. Lives have been affected. Families harmed.
The Auditor-General this week released a report calling Phoenix an "incomprehensible failure." Clement immediately claimed the report vindicates the Conservatives, but it doesn't. It is equally hard on the Liberals, who eventually pushed the launch button in spite of many warnings about Phoenix being broken.
An unmitigated, foreseeable disaster, and the best the two governments responsible can do is point fingers at each other. What an insult to all the people harmed, and to Canadians overall.
The most disturbing thing about Michael Ferguson's report isn't the ugly details about who knew what and when, or about the collective failure of two governments to act in the best interest of their public service employees. Rather, it's the damning revelation about the culture of Canada's civil service: "There's something in the culture that makes people believe that they can't bring forward these problems ... It was very evident that this system was not going to work.
"In order to prevent an incomprehensible failure like Phoenix from happening in the future, the government has to understand which parts of its culture are causing that type of action."
Digital Media platform PopSugar is getting in on the live-event frenzy by throwing its own weekend-long festival. PopSugar Play/Ground, which will take place in New York on June 9 and 10, is engineered to create an experience out of the PopSugar brand.
“We know our audience loves events, and we wanted to do an event that has all different elements of our site coming to life,” said PopSugar founder and president Lisa Sugar. “It's a lot of that playful, positive attitude that's very celebrity-based and has a lot of shopping.”
The lineup includes panels on happiness, activism, digital detox and fitness, and features celebrities popular with the PopSugar demographic such as Mindy Kaling, Yara Shahidi and Kate Hudson.
The festival, which is being organized with event partner Reed Exhibitions, will include a retail hall with more than 50 brands with items selected by PopSugar editors, including Solid & Striped, Elizabeth & James, Malin + Goetz, Stony Clover Lane, Westward Leaning and exclusive items made for the event from brands such as Rothy's shoes and Kule.
“We wanted the retail hall to have different things than what you can get in a cute neighborhood or at the mall,” Sugar said.
Play/Ground represents PopSugar's first large-scale foray into the events business. Prior to this, PopSugar has created experiential events as part of larger festivals like Coachella, but has not had a stand-alone festival of its own.
At a time when media companies are looking to expand their business, it's not surprising that this is one part of PopSugar's larger strategy to diversify its revenue stream — an effort that has, thus far, largely centered on beauty.
“Play/Ground is another natural extension for us to have a consumer moment and extend our brand into other places,” Sugar said.
Read more:
Kohl's, With Help From PopSugar, Looks to Reel In More Millennials
PopSugar's Beauty by PopSugar Readies for Rollout
PopSugar Ramps Up Its Beauty Profile
After His Family Fled Persecution, Rohingya Refugee Dreams Of His Homeland
The Rohingya, a Muslim minority in Myanmar, have been fleeing persecution for decades. NPR has the story of one man, who's never even seen his homeland but would like to someday.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Now let's meet a person who is a citizen of no country. He is Rohingya. That's a Muslim group from mostly Buddhist Myanmar. Myanmar has persecuted Rohingya for decades. Many of them fled to neighboring Bangladesh which offers them refuge but not much hope. And that's what Michael Sullivan begins our story of one refugee who's never even seen home but wants to.
MICHAEL SULLIVAN, BYLINE: Myanmar is just a few miles away from the camp where Nur Muhammad was born. It might as well be a thousand. His family - among the first wave of Rohingya to flee persecution by Myanmar's military a long time ago.
NUR MUHAMMAD: They leave in 1991. And I borned (ph) in 1992.
SULLIVAN: Born in a hut in a camp, a stateless person and a refugee.
MUHAMMAD: I have a country. But my country denied me as a Rohingya.
SULLIVAN: The country he lives in now as a guest denies him too, though he is one of the more fortunate. He lives in one of two government-registered camps here. And that's important. Having a card issued by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, recognized by the government, offers a measure of safety denied to hundreds of thousands of other Rohingya who are here illegally in makeshift camps.
MUHAMMAD: There are many peoples, they can't move area because they haven't any document. 'Cause if the police think that he's illegal, then he gets arrested, sent to prison.
SULLIVAN: Nur Muhammad - not his real name, he's asked that we change it to protect his identity - has lived here all his life. And because he has, he can pass as Bangladeshi, enabling him to finish high school. He even has some Bangladeshi friends. But telling them he's Rohingya? That's a problem.
MUHAMMAD: I have hidden my real identity that I'm Rohingya. Otherwise they will hurt me. They will insult me like this. OK? So I - my mind is so, so, so low.
SULLIVAN: But it wears on a person living like that in the shadows, unable to work. You can see it in his eyes, hear it in his voice. There's no future here, he says.
MUHAMMAD: Not at all because I am not a citizen of Bangladesh.
SULLIVAN: And it's killing him, he says. His brain is dying. And his hair, he says, is already turning white. He wants to leave the way many young Rohingya have left Myanmar or Bangladesh - by boat.
MUHAMMAD: One of my friends stay in Thailand. He tells me, come here. I tell him just how I can? I need money. I need a passport.
SULLIVAN: He's thought of leaving before, he says, but...
MUHAMMAD: My parents also didn't allow me. I tried but they didn't allow me. So if you leave us, who looks after us? Please, don't leave us.
SULLIVAN: It's an often dangerous trip, one his 14-year-old brother tried a few years back. They haven't heard from him since and fear the worst. But it's about all Nur Muhammad has left, that and a dream about Myanmar, the home he's never been to.
MUHAMMAD: I wish for one night at that country.
SULLIVAN: Your heart wants to do that.
MUHAMMAD: Yeah.
SULLIVAN: But does your head think that's possible?
MUHAMMAD: Impossible is no word. Nothing impossible in this world. Everything is possible, you know, if you tried.
SULLIVAN: Nur Muhammad went back to his parents a few weeks ago to ask again. Go, they said, you've done enough for us. If you stay, it will be the end of you. For NPR News, I'm Michael Sullivan in Cox's Bazaar, Bangladesh.
(SOUNDBITE OF 9 LAZY 9'S "TUMBLEWEED")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
A solid mix of movie night go-tos are leaving Netflix this June. Royals fanatics will be sad to see the loss of female-lead monarchical dramas like Emily Blunt's The Young Victoria and Grace of Monaco starring Nicole Kidman, which depart the first of the month and the eighth of June, respectively. Those partial to a little action would be advised to catch up on Denzel Washington's LAPD crime thriller Training Day and the old-school intergalactic mystery Men in Black. Ahead, 12 movies you need to catch—or re-watch—before they vanish from Netflix next month.
TORONTO — Scotiabank's 1832 Asset Management LP will pay a fine after improper lavish spending on promotional activities for financial advisers.
Under a settlement agreement with the Ontario Securities Commission, the firm will pay an $800,000 fine and an additional $150,000 for costs related to the regulator's investigation.
Investment fund managers are prohibited from providing "excessive non-monetary benefits" to advisers. Promotional activities and items are supposed to be of minimal value.
According to the settlement, the investment firm, which is the manager of the Dynamic family of mutual funds, failed to meet the minimum standards of conduct from November 2012 to October 2017.
It provided tickets to NHL games, concerts and golf events. Investment conference attendees were also gifted Apple iPad minis, keyboards and sunglasses as well as pricey food, drinks and entertainment.
The settlement noted that 1832 started to make changes last year to its internal practices aimed at improving its compliance.
Glen Gowland, Scotiabank's senior vice-president and head, asset management, said the bank takes its regulatory responsibilities seriously.
"We will continue to work closely with regulators and others to ensure that, as manager of the Dynamic Funds, we meet all requirements with third-party dealers and dealer representatives," Gowland said in a statement.
"We were fully co-operative with the OSC staff during the investigation."
Companies in this story: (TSX:BNS)
TORONTO — American department store Nordstrom is opening the first Canadian location of its discount Rack chain on Thursday.
The 35,000-square-foot store will be situated north of Toronto at Vaughan Mills mall.
It is promising savings of up to 70 per cent on products from 38 of the 50 brands already sold in its Canadian department stores.
Among the brands the Seattle-based retailer says shoppers can expect to find on its Vaughan shelves are Nike, Kate Spade New York, Tory Burch and Sam Edelman.
British bridal designer Phillipa Lepley predicts what Meghan Markle's wedding dress will look like
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City, and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST. Get the absolute latest in celebrity news, real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food.
Want even more? Watch clips from yesterday's People Now.
Gemmill Homes Australian Flying 15 Champs – Stunning racing on Day 1
Day 1 - Gemmill Homes Flying 15 Australian Championship Jonny Fullerton Day 1 - Gemmill Homes Flying 15 Australian Championship Jonny Fullerton
by Jonny Fullerton today at 4:10 pmA windward/leeward, triangle, windward/leeward and one final upwind course proved quite a testing day for the fleet of 40 boats resulting in some wild rides, some collisions and gear breakages. However one of the most disappointed of all was Esperance local David Swan and Matt Elliot who were judged to by a nose over the start line in (Phar Lap) to be recorded OCS.The first upwind was quite an even split with Philippa Packer and Dean McAulley sailing an ‘Absolutely Ffabulous' first lap to head the fleet from a very tight pack including an on fire John Wilson and Matt Summers (Fast Lane four) and previous world champions, Alan Bax and Simon Childs (Fforever Young) from the UK.At the second top mark rounding Wilson and Summers had worked up the beat showing superior boat speed and had a glimpse of an opening but alas too close and fouled the Jerwoods resulting in penalty turns. This dropped them down to the pack downwind but to their credit they battled back into contention on the third lap.
John Wilson explains:
“We had a bit of a bad start, we had to tack away because we were buried, but we took it out to the left and had good boat speed so got up to second place at the first mark.”
Matt fills in the details in his clear Scottish accent:
“On the second lap we tacked inside the Jerwood's at the windward mark and were too close so we had to do our turns on the reach leg which put us down to about eighth place. But we were going well upwind and went a bit left and that seemed to pay so we managed to get back up to second.”
The triangle consisted of two very fast reaches with some incredible surfing down the ever increasing waves. The wing mark became a busy rounding as the Flying Fifteens lived up to their name. The slick boat handling of another previous world champion pair, Nick and Janet Jerwood (Ineffable), saw them climb through the leading pack and hunt down Philippa and Dean to nearly slip inside for the overlap, but a last big wave surge enabled the RFBYC boat to maintain the lead but not for long. Philippa admitted after racing that their gybe was a bit hurried and allowed the Jerwoods a window of opportunity to attack. Behind the lead two boats the places were changing on each leg with Alan Bax and Simon Childs and John Wilson and Matt Summers always in the mix.
One last upwind to the finish and by now the breeze was up to 20+ knots with a seascape of white caps. The Jerwood's once they got in front covered the fleet to the finish but Wilson and Summers chose to separate from the leading pack and go left gaining back lost ground to finish an excellent second. The British pairing of Bax and Childs held on for third with Packer and McAullay slipping to fourth. David Yu and Chris Nelson (Tuffan Up) sailed an excellent third lap to grab fifth.
There were a number of breakages, some ripped sails, a submerged boat and some very tired sailors and with the wind gusts hitting 30 knots and white water, PRO John Taylor (JT) had little choicer than to raise AP over A and send the fleet home early without a second race.
Any disappointment was soon diminished as sailors were treated to a sea-food extravaganza worth the entry fee alone! hosted by local legends Sally and Casper.
Day two of racing has up to three races planned with an earlier start as the forecast is similar than today with a building breeze later in the afternoon. Standby for another high octane day of drama.
Provisional Results day one (top six of 40 boats)
1 AUS3986 Ineffable Nick - Jerwood / Janet Jerwood (SoPYC)
2 AUS3989 Ffast Lane 4 - John Wilson / Matthew Summers (SoPYC)
3 GBR4047 Fforever Young - Alan Bax / Simon Childs (HISC UK)
4 AUS3775 Absolutely Ffabulous - Philippa Packer / Dean McAullay (RFBYC)
5 AUS3859 Tuffan Up - David Yu / Chris Nelson (SoPYC)
6 AUS3743 Spot the Difference - Greg Tonnison / Mark Lovelady (SoPYC)
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150854
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sergio Ramos was very much the villain when Real Madrid beat Liverpool 3-1 in the Champions League final on Saturday night.
The Spaniard crocked Mohamed Salah, causing him to leave the pitch in the first half in tears and with his World Cup chances in doubt.
Ramos was also caught on camera appearing to elbow Loris Karius, however UEFA decided to take no action on this particular incident.
How different could things have been if Liverpool had managed to contain the Real Madrid captain?
It seems the Reds need have only cast their eyes back to November when Spurs took on Los Blancos. They should have studied how Mousa Dembele treated the Spain centre-back.
(Image: http://sport.bt.com/)
(Image: Adrian DENNISADRIAN DENNIS/AFP/Getty Images)
There were two occasions during Tottenham's 3-1 Champions League win at Wembley when the Belgian roughly handled Ramos.
The first incident occurred when Dembele put the palm of his hand in the Spaniard's face as they were both battling for the ball. This resulted in a heated exchange between the pair - although Ramos quickly recoiled.
(Image: http://sport.bt.com/)
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur FC/Tottenham Hotspur FC via Getty Images)
The second was when the Spurs midfielder completely took out the defender. In a loose attempt to get the ball, Dembele swiped at Ramos sending him crashing to the floor.
His Real team-mates were not happy and Spurs' number 19 swiftly received a yellow card.
Say what you like about the Belgian's tactics, Spurs won the game 3-1.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — The wife of a man who killed himself at an Ohio county jail has filed a lawsuit claiming jail staff didn't take sufficient precautions to prevent his death.
Cleveland.com reports ( ) that Wayne Jordan's wife filed the lawsuit last week in federal court in Akron. Jordan died in February 2016 at the Summit County Jail.
At the time, a sheriff's office spokesman said the 63-year-old hadn't shown any signs of being suicidal.
The suit says that Jordan denied considering suicide when initially booked but his mental condition deteriorated before his death four months later.
The suit says there was no suicide monitoring in place when he hanged himself in his cell days before his trial on rape charges was set to start.
A sheriff's spokesman declined to comment.
___
Information from: cleveland.com,
Comments
comments
Google's illustration eloquently captures the essence of the ‘Puffing Billy,' the first vacuum cleaner created by Booth, which was a horse drawn machine, and was fuelled by petrol.
New Delhi: Google on Wednesday paid homage to Hubert Cecil Booth, the man who is credited with the invention of the vacuum cleaner, designing of the Ferris wheel and suspension bridges, with a quirky doodle on the British engineer's 147th birth anniversary.
The illustration eloquently captures the essence of the “Puffing Billy,” the first vacuum cleaner created by Booth, which was a horse drawn machine, and was fuelled by petrol. The innovative suction mechanism of the invention is also highlighted in the doodle. In 1901, cutting-edge floor-cleaning technology involved blowing air and pushing debris.
Booth was intrigued by the inverse idea: cleaning by suction. After seeing a demonstration of the ‘pneumatic carpet renovator' blowing dirt out of railway cars, Booth tried an experiment. Laying his handkerchief on a restaurant chair, he put his mouth on the table cloth and sucked air through it.
Inspired by the results he set to work on his first design—nicknamed ‘Puffing Billy'—which was powered by an engine so big it had to be pulled around by horses and parked outside the house to be cleaned, according to a Google blog.
Booth started the British Vacuum Cleaner Company in 1903, and his flagship product—a somewhat smaller electric device that arrived in a bright red van and was operated by experts in BVCC uniforms—was soon embraced by fashionable households and even the British royal family.
Watching the Puffing Billy suck dust out the window of your home became a fun afternoon activity, lending housework a certain social cachet.
Booth was a man of many talents who built bridges, designed engines for Royal Navy battleships, and ferris wheels in England, France, and Austria. But the Puffing Billy assured that his legacy would live on.
Though it was a far cry from the upright and hand-held vacuums we use today, Booth's invention changed the way we clean our homes, and made sweeping dirt under the rug a thing of the past.
The silhouette of Booth's Ferris wheel is can be seen in the backdrop against which the horse drawn vacuum cleaner is portrayed. Booth designed the Ferris wheels for the quintessential entertainment hubs in cities like Vienna, Paris and London.
Born on 4 July 1871 in Gloucester city of England, Hubert Cecil Booth was a civil engineer whose path breaking invention of the vacuum cleaner, was used to clean the carpets in Westminster Abbey and was also put to use by the Royal Navy to sanitise their naval barracks.
NBC's 'America's Got Talent' dominates television's week
Photo: Trae Patton, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this undated file photo provided by NBC, the Voices of Hope Children's Choir appear onstage during "America's Got Talent," in Pasadena, Calif. "America's Got Talent" continues to dominate the summer television landscape, although not by enough to make NBC the week's top-ranked network. (Trae Patton/NBC via AP, File) less FILE - In this undated file photo provided by NBC, the Voices of Hope Children's Choir appear onstage during "America's Got Talent," in Pasadena, Calif. "America's Got Talent" continues to dominate the summer ... more Photo: Trae Patton, AP NBC's 'America's Got Talent' dominates television's week 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — "America's Got Talent" continues to dominate the summer television landscape, although not by enough to make NBC the week's most popular network.
The talent show was seen by 11.3 million people last week, more than four million more than the next closest show, a repeat version of "60 Minutes," the Nielsen company said Tuesday.
CBS' "Big Brother" has returned to the network's summer schedule, and each episode was in the Nielsen's top 20 for the week. CBS' summer dramas, "Code Black" and "Instinct," are also being watched, although not at the level of traditional in-season shows.
CBS won the week in prime time, averaging 4.3 million viewers. NBC had 4.2 million, ABC had 3.2 million, Fox had 2.2 million, Univision had 1.5 million, ION Television had 1.4 million, Telemundo had 1.2 million and the CW had 820,000.
Fox News Channel was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 2.6 million viewers in prime time. MSNBC had 1.5 million, HGTV had 1.44 million, USA had 1.32 million and ESPN had 1.26 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 7.8 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" had 7.2 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 5.5 million.
For the week of June 25-July 1, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "America's Got Talent," NBC, 11.3 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 7.06 million; "The Big Bang Theory" (Thursday, 8:30 p.m.), CBS, 6.28 million; "World of Dance," NBC, 6.08 million; "Little Big Shots," NBC, 5.96 million; "The Big Bang Theory" (Thursday, 8 p.m.), CBS, 5.92 million; "The Bachelorette," ABC, 5.79 million; "Code Black," CBS, 5.74 million; "NCIS," CBS, 5.69 million; "Blue Bloods," CBS, 5.39 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online: http://www.nielsen.com
Super-middleweight boxer Mark Heffron is confident that he can reach the next level now that former world champion Ricky Hatton is in his corner.
The 25-year-old joined “The Hitman” at his base in Hyde last month with former coach Kevin Maree taking on a managerial role.
Hatton, one of the most beloved and popular British boxers of all time, who was voted Ring magazine's Fighter of the Year in 2005, will be calling the shots for the first time on Saturday when “Kid Dynamite” takes on Polish journeyman Bartlomiej Grafka at Victoria Warehouse in Manchester.
Heffron goes in to the bout with one of the best knockout percentages in the UK with 13 stoppages from 15 professional triumphs.
“I'm enjoying it down here at Ricky Hatton's Gym,” he said. “I've been working on loads of new things that I've not worked on before. I've been here just under a month and I'm learning a lot.
“It's a good feeling because I know he's been there and done it and now he's passing it on to me. I feel that he will take me to the next level which is where I want to be.
“I'm looking forward to it. I can't wait for my next fight. It'll be the first time with Ricky in my corner so I'm buzzing.”
Heffron is already being sounded out as a future world champion at 168lbs but the Oldham-born pugilist is refusing to rush anything.
“I'm definitely going to be a world champion one day,” he said. “I'm just taking it one step at a time now and when Ricky, my manager and my promoter, Frank Warren, say I'm ready to be moving on to titles I'll move up. Ricky knows what it takes and he can take me up the ladder.
“I've got big confidence that I'm going to make it to the top. At British level I can't really see anyone that is going to bother me. I think I'll beat them all.
“When the time is right, in a year or two, I think I'll be ready to fight any of them. When I am ready to fight them I'll beat them, especially with Ricky training me.
“I want to be able to take it to that next level. Ricky is going to bring that out of me.”
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise began his sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. It was in this role where he was able to merge his best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews, episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features. He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director.
From tackling the urban housing crisis and developing affordable medical technology made of paper to creating virtual reality orchestras, the first episode of TED Talks India: Nayi Soch featured an array of ideas on how to make the country a better and more interesting place. The show, hosted by Shah Rukh Khan, was premiered on the Star Plus channel on December 10, with six speakers from diverse fields, including science, music and literature.
TED Talks India: Nayi Soch, a collaboration between Star Plus and TED, is in the form of 45-minute weekly episodes in Hindi, in which Khan hosts visionaries from varied professions. TED is a media organisation that organises talks by opinion leaders in the fields of Technology, Entertainment and Design, which are then made available online for free distribution. This is the first time that TED brings its concept of sharing “ideas worth spreading” to the TV screen and in a language other than English.
Play TED Talks India: Nayi Soch.
The first speaker, researcher and human settlement expert Gautam Bhan, spoke about how reimagining slum clusters as bastis or legitimate settlements could help solve the urban housing crisis. Bhan said that if such settlements, made and lived in predominantly by migrants workers, are nurtured by governments, they can be recognised as affordable housing options instead of encroachments or temporary settlements. The key, according to Bhan, is to give land and property rights to slum dwellers instead of razing their homes. He cited the example of Ahmedabad, where the government, over 10 years, developed amenities like water and electricity in a slum cluster, helping it evolve into a thriving society.
Play Gautam Bhan.
Engineer and environmentalist Shubhendu Sharma spoke about how he adopted a method developed by Japanese naturalist Akira Miyawaki to create fast-growing self-sustainable forests across India. Known as the Miyawaki method, the afforestation technique can be used to generate vegetation on land of any kind or size (even a backyard) in a few years and with little maintenance. Sharma's company, Afforrestt, has created more than 1,000 forests in 35 cities across the globe. “At the price of an iPhone, just using local material, in a parking space for just six cars, you can create a forest of 100 trees,” Sharma said.
Play Shubhendu Sharma.
Music composer Sneha Khanwalkar (known for her work on Gangs of Wasseypur and Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!) introduced a virtual-reality orchestra – which allows a solo performer to recreate the orchestra experience without the use of instruments on stage. Khanwalkar did not delve into details about the technology but showcased it with a performance.
Play Sneha Khanwalkar.
Manu Prakash, a bio-engineer working in California, demonstrated medical research technology made out of folded paper. Prakash got the idea when he saw a medical centrifuge lying unused in Uganda in 2013 because there was no electricity to operate it. He then created a centrifuge by using a yo-yo made of paper, which could separate plasma and other elements from blood to detect anemia. He also showed another invention: the foldscope, a microscope made out of paper.
Prakash's technology has been distributed to more than 100 countries till date, including refugee camps in Lebanon. His foldscopes will soon be deployed in India.
Play Manu Prakash.
Difficult Daughters author Manju Kapoor spoke about how redefining masculinity and raising emotionally mature men in Indian households was an essential step to achieve gender equality. She expressed concern over the fact that Indian men are not taught to learn necessary home-making skills and that their need to express anger physically upon women is legitimised across homes. She upheld the need for Indian men to be compassionate towards their families and share equal responsibilities with women in the household.
Play Manju Kapur.
The final speaker, entrepreneur Anirudh Sharma, spoke about his patented Air-Ink technology which captures pollutants from the air, filters toxins and heavy metals out to produce purified carbon-based pigment which in turn is converted to usable ink.
Play Anirudh Sharma.
While the first episode of Nayi Soch focused on problems that were rooted the Indian context and social realities, it is not known yet if forthcoming episodes will retain the local approach or will go the distance to feature riskier ideas and more cutting-edge technology.
What would help TED in its mission to spread these important ideas far and wide, however, would be to dub and telecast the show in other Indian languages as well – so that a show that is meant to cater to every citizen of the country can reach the entirety of its intended audience.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamaica's first ever bobsled team famously inspired Disney's 1993 movie Cool Runnings.
The family favourite starring John Candy was loosely based on the story of the Jamaican bobsled team who competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Now, 30 years later, another Jamaican is about to make Winter Olympics history, this time by competing in skeleton.
Anthony Watson, 28, will become the first Jamaican to compete in skeleton when he slides down the ice in PyeongChang, South Korea, later this month.
Here's everything you need to know about the history-making athlete...
Who is Anthony Watson?
(Image: Anthony Watson/Instagram)
Watson might be representing Jamaica at the Winter Olympics, but he was actually born and raised in the US - Vineland, New Jersey, to be exact.
A former Junior Olympic national finalist in the 100m, 200m and 4x100m relay, he also played football and basketball while studying.
However, an injury put an end to any track and field ambitions he might have had and he ended up giving bobsled a go, even trying out for US bobsled team, before switching to skeleton in 2016.
(Image: Anthony Watson/Instagram)
Watson, who qualifies for Jamaica through his dad and is ranked 79t in the world, reportedly made it to the Games after nations including Austria, Switzerland and France declined places.
If his sporting career doesn't work out, he can always focus on his other 'jobs' - he's also a singer-songwriter actor and model and has written his own TV show, which he hopes will air.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What is skeleton?
(Image: Bongarts)
Skeleton involves an athlete riding a small sled, headfirst, at high speed down a frozen track while lying face-down.
Riders can hit speeds of 80mph, so it's not for the faint-hearted.
Is Anthony Watson likely to win a medal?
(Image: Anthony Watson/Instagram)
The short answer is no.
Watson, who finished 38th at last year's World Championship, said: "It is an absolute honour to make history.
(Image: Anthony Watson/Instagram)
"This has been a dream of mine since I was six years old and I am excited to do my best for my country on the world's biggest stage."
Having said that, stranger things have happened....
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eugenie Bouchard declared: “Being Genie is great” after winning on her return to the Grand Slams and getting “mobbed”.
The 2014 French Open finalist missed that event last month, and had to come through Wimbledon qualifying after falling down the world rankings to 188th.
But the Canadian showed glimpses of the form which took her to world No.5 as she beat British wildcard Daniella Taylor 6-0 4-6 6-3 on a vocal Court 14.
“I felt great support,” she said. “I saw a lot of Canadian flags. I got mobbed after the match, pretty much. But it's a mob of love, so I liked it.”
(Image: Getty)
Bouchard settled a legal case against the United States Tennis Association earlier this year after slipping and suffering a head injury in the changing rooms at the 2015 US Open.
She dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time since 2013 before suffering another abdominal injury and then failed to qualify for the French Open.
“I have learned that life is great,” she said. “Being Genie is great. Tennis is so fun, and I'm lucky to do it as my job.
“I definitely think I have improved over the past couple months.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“I wasn't able to play tournaments for a little bit, which was super frustrating, but it almost motivated me more as soon as I came back. I feel good right now, and I want to just keep improving.
“I feel a lot more comfortable on the court. I feel a little bit more like myself. I have always deep down had the belief, and it's about, in the tough moments of the match, keeping that belief. I have that more and more now. Just trying to keep progressing.”
British No.6 Taylor, who was making her Wimbledon debut, said: It was incredible experience. It was a tough loss but I'm very happy with the home crowd support of me out there. It was great.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Danniella Westbrook is pregnant with her third child at the age of 44 - just a few weeks after meeting and getting engaged to her new lover Alan Thomason.
The former EastEnders star is said to be expecting again with Alan, 34 - their first child together and a baby sibling to Danniella's children from previous relationships, Kai, 21, and 15-year-old Jody.
While she is yet to publicly confirm the news on her social media, The Sun reports that Danniella is pregnant and photos have emerged of the lovebirds holding her stomach while they relax on holiday in Benidorm.
(Image: danniellawestbrook /Instagram)
It comes after the two confirmed they were engaged when Danniella flashed her diamond ring during their sun-soaked vacation last week.
Danniella then took to Twitter to blast Alan's ex, Charlene Whyment, who claimed that she was still engaged to Alan at the time - and had no idea he was pursuing Danniella until she saw pictures of them together in a newspaper.
Less than 24 hours after the former soap star actress revealed she's set to wed her toy boy lover, the pair found themselves caught up in the major drama.
(Image: Rex Features)
Charlene claimed Alan proposed to her just four weeks ago, and said they had lived together for three years.
She told how she had been left heartbroken after being dumped out of the blue.
She told the Sun Online : “I'm sickened to my stomach – one minute I think I'm getting married to the love of my life and the next I find out he's proposed to a woman with half a nose.”
She added: “I lived with Alan for three years in the UK before he moved to Spain. I split my time between there and the UK.
“I left to visit my family four weeks ago and he proposed to me at Alicante airport.
(Image: Twitter/@westbrookdanni)
“I said yes, of course, I thought we were madly in love and I thought it was forever. I'm in complete shock at what I've seen.”
Charlene said she's desperately been trying to get hold of Alan, 34, but he hasn't been answering her calls.
However, Danniella - who shot to fame playing Samantha Mitchell in the BBC One soap - laughed off Charlene's claims and even mocked her by saying 'her invite is in the post'.
She tweeted: "So heart broken she sold a story enjoy your ££ cos I'm enjoying ur ex Oh & ur invites in the post (sic)."
(Image: danniellawestbrook /Instagram)
(Image: Twitter/@westbrookdanni)
On Friday, 43-year-old Danniella proudly flashed a glittering rock on her ring finger in a Twitter snap.
"Feeling super special 2 proposals and two rings," she wrote.
Danniella first let the cat out of the bag when she and Alan went for a PDA-heavy frolic in the sea in Spain, where he lives.
Wearing a halterneck bikini, the former soap star flaunted her slender figure, while her new tattooed beau showcased his muscular physique by wearing board shorts.
Of course, the ring was also on clear view.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Rex Features)
If the pair do manage to make it down the aisle, it will be Danniella's third marriage. The actress was first married to van driver Ben Morgan in 1998.
Her first marriage, which followed the split from long-term partner Robert Fernandez, came about after a matter of weeks - the couple split after less than a year.
(Image: Rex Features)
In 2001 it looked as though she'd finally found love when she wed millionaire businessman Kevin Jenkins in December of that year - four months after the birth of their daughter Jody.
However, the couple split in 2014. Daniella also has a son, Kai (who took Kevin's surname), from her romance with Robert Fernandez.
The actress famously had a pro-longed battle with cocaine addiction, which she has struggled to control over the year - having endured multiple stints in rehab.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
More than 250 women have come forward accusing disgraced sports doctor Larry Nassar of abuse.
"It's probably unique that this many have come forward," said Jeanne Yonke, counseling services program manager at Bay Area Womens Center.
She said it has more to do with the justice and healing of the survivors than the abuser.
"Sexual assault is a crime of taking the power from someone and using your authority as he did to have power over his victims. It's so important for people to be empowered to have the chance if they want to stand up and tell their story," Yonke said.
She said it can actually be therapeutic for victims who have been through a traumatic event, but said it takes courage.
"Even in therapy some of the things we do is to have them tell their story. It's very much a part of the healing process," Yonke said.
When it comes to the incident involving the survivors' father in court on Friday, Yonke said she sees it as a relatively normal reaction.
"Parents, they just want to make someone pay for the hurt that they have done. The trauma that they have caused to their child," Yonke said.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Welcome to the rolling news live blog - all the latest news and traffic, travel, sport and weather updates for Bristol and the West on Tuesday, April 18.
If it's happening in the city, you'll hear it here first.
If it's happening in the wider world and we think you'll be interested, this is where you will find it.
We will keep you up to date on all you need to know.
We're hoping you can be our eyes and ears in your own communities so if you spot something going on you can tweet our live blogs editor Natasha Davies @natashabdavies, call us on 0117 934 3331 or email bristolpostnews@localworld.co.uk
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
‘Dad, dad, can we have a bubble tea?' came the excited plea from my daughter on Sunday morning as she spotted that Bristol's first Bubbleology had opened on Queen's Road.
Nursing a hangover and with a stomach already like a cement mixer, the last thing I really wanted was to drink bubble tea but a promise is a promise and there was no going back.
The week before, we had seen a few branches of Bubbleology in London - they have nine in the capital including one in Harvey Nichols and one at the Oxford Circus Topshop - and I had promised to buy her one but we ran out of time as we rushed for the train home.
Bubbleology isn't the first place to serve bubble tea in Bristol but it's a significant one as it's a franchise of a fast-growing and successful national company.
What started out as a Taiwanese craze has taken the UK by storm over the past year. People can't seem to get enough of these tea-based drinks with their fruity infusions and tapioca pearls.
Opening on Queens Road might be a brave move considering the endless churn of businesses opening and closing there, but its close proximity to Bristol University with its high number of Asian students may be its trump card.
On Sunday morning, the place was doing a surprisingly brisk trade and we had to queue at the counter as the staff made each tea to order.
Until Sunday, I'd never encountered bubble tea before but the staff explained everything and showed us the different options on offer.
You can choose between milk teas or fruit teas - they are all made with organic Assam and Jasmine tea leaves and served hot or cold. You can also ask for the sweetness to be reduced.
The milk tea flavours include coconut, almond, vanilla and chocolate, with fruit teas ranging from strawberry and white peach to ginger and lychee.
You can customise your drinks, mixing flavours and adding extra tapioca, popping boba (made from seaweed extract) or flavoured jelly (made from nata de coco, a pure extract from coconut water).
Regular drinks cost £3.59, large ones are £3.89 and the biggest ‘supreme' size costs £4.09. More expensive are the specials (from £3.89-£4.49) which include banoffee pie, rainbow ripple and strawberries and cream.
They are all served in clear plastic cups with PVC lids you have to pierce with oversize straws, much as young children do with those cheap cartons of pre-mixed cups of squash.
For anybody unfamiliar with bubble tea, the first thing that strikes you is the disconcerting texture of the tapioca pearls.
Those unfortunate enough to remember tapioca pudding as a child of the 1970s will know the slimy, frog spawn-like texture. It took me right back to my school dinner hall.
I went for the matcha milk tea with tapioca and I have to admit I nearly gagged as the first slimy tapioca pearls shot up through the straw and into my mouth.
Once it's in your mouth, the chewy, gummy texture is a cross between the last bit of a jelly tot (once the crunchy sugar coating has gone) and phlegm.
Pleasant it is not, but I got used to it as more flew up through the straw and into the cold and milky matcha tea.
My daughter's passion fruit and mango fruit tea was far more palatable, although the black tapioca pearls bobbing about in the murky liquid reminded me of a pond during the frog spawn season.
THE VERDICT:
An acquired taste, perhaps, but if you love bubble tea, Bubbleology is as good a place as any to get your fix.
RATINGS:
Overall: Three
Drink: Three
Service: Three
Ambience: Three
Value: Three
Where: Bubbleology, 53 Queens Road, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 1QQ.
'Shape Of Water,' 'Big Little Lies' Snag Most Golden Globe Nominations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hilary Bronwyn Gayle/AP Hilary Bronwyn Gayle/AP
The nominees for the 2018 Golden Globe Awards were announced early Monday morning in Beverly Hills, Calif.
Guillermo del Toro's fantasy The Shape of Water — a dreamy love story between a mute janitor in a government lab and an amphibian man in tank — snagged the most motion picture nominations, with seven. Upcoming Pentagon Papers drama The Post and the darkly comic Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri got six apiece.
In television, the domestic melodrama Big Little Lies led the pack with six nominations, followed by Feud: Bette and Joan, Fargo, The Handmaid's Tale and This Is Us. HBO, Netflix and FX productions got the most TV nominations.
Both Big Little Lies and The Handmaid's Tale took home multiple awards at September's Emmy Awards.
The big winner at the 2017 Globes was La La Land, which took seven, including best motion picture, comedy or musical. But the night's final award went to Barry Jenkins' Moonlight, which won for best motion picture, drama.
Last year's ceremony was notable for other reasons, including a marked increase in diversity among the nominees and Meryl Streep's calling out President Trump for mocking a disabled reporter.
This year's awards — the 75th annual — will be hosted by Seth Myers and broadcast live on NBC on January 7.
Without futher ado, the nominees are:
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Comedy or Musical
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
Lady Bird
I, Tonya
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fox Searchlight Pictures/AP Fox Searchlight Pictures/AP
Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, ESQ
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All The Money In The World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle Of The Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money In The World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, Vanessa Taylor, The Shape of Water
Greta Gerwig, Lady Bird
Liz Hannah, Josh Singer, The Post
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Aaron Sorkin, Molly's Game
Best Animated Feature Film
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Foreign Language Film
Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best TV Comedy Series
black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Drama Series
The Crown
The Handmaid's Tale
This Is Us
Stranger Things
Game of Thrones
Best Limited TV Series or Movie
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anne Marie Fox/AP Anne Marie Fox/AP
Best Actress in a TV Comedy or Musical
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Actor in a TV Comedy or Musical
Anthony Anderson, black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Best Actress in a TV Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Actor in a TV Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Actress in a Limited TV Series or Movie
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Actor in a Limited TV Series or Movie
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Supporting Actress, Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor, Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgård, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Carter Burwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Alexandre Desplat, The Shape of Water
Jonny Greenwood, Phantom Thread
John Williams, The Post
Hans Zimmer, Dunkirk
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
"Home," Ferdinand
"Mighty River," Mudbound
"Remember Me," Coco
"The Star," The Star
"This Is Me," The Greatest Showman
NPR's Bill Chappell contributed to this report.
SUDBURY, Ont. — Jeremy Rainville scored twice and set up three more as the Cantonniers de Magog toppled the Toronto Young Nationals 7-4 on Tuesday for their second straight win to open the 2018 Telus Cup.
Rainville leads all scorers through two games at the national midget championship with seven points.
Simon Pinard also had a pair of goals while Jeremy Lapointe, Karl Vaillancourt and Gabriel Fontaine added singles for the Cantonniers (2-0-0). Olivier Adam made 16 saves for the win.
Nolan Lowe struck twice for the Young Nationals (0-2-0). Yianni Tsiampas and Jack McTiernan also scored as Elliott Tang gave up seven goals on 27 shots.
The world's best female cyclists will be coming to Warwickshire once again this year - and their exact route through the county has now been revealed.
Elite riders racing in the Women's Tour will contest Stage Three in the county on Friday June 9, and their 93-mile route will take them through many nearby towns and villages.
No Caption ABCDE NNL-170417-112148005
After starting in Atherstone, riders will race through Kenilworth, Leek Wootton, Guys Cliffe, Warwick, Moreton Morrell, Wellesbourne, Kineton, Fenny Compton, Ladbroke, Southam and Radford Semele before finishing outside the Town Hall in Leamington.
This is the second year in a row the tour has come to Warwickshire after a successful visit last year.
It is estimated 75,000 people lined the streets to watch the race last year, with many of those visiting from outside the county.
Mick Bennett, race director of the Women's Tour, said: “We're absolutely thrilled to be returning to Warwickshire again in 2017.
No Caption ABCDE NNL-170417-112201005
“The stunning countryside in the county is perfect for lots of exciting racing and we're sure the world's best riders will put on quite a show for all the thousands of spectators that come out to support.”
The riders will set off from Atherstone at 10am, although the first 15 minutes of the race will be ‘neutral' where the race is non-competitive.
Once they reach Birchley Heath Road in Birchley Heath at 10.15am, the race begins properly.
Depending on how fast the cyclists are racing, they will enter Kenilworth between 10.58 and 11.08am via Coventry Road. They will continue along New Street, turn right to head up Fieldgate Lane before turning left and coming down Castle Road past Kenilworth Castle.
They will then turn right down Warwick Road, where the first sprint section of the stage will take place, just like last year.
They will carry along Warwick Road through Leek Wootton, and will join Coventry Road into Guys Cliffe, continuing along Primrose Hill and Wedgnock Lane.
The riders will enter Warwick via the Birmingham Road between 11.18 and 11.32am, and will race down Theatre Street, High Street, and over the bridge by St Nicholas Park before leaving the town via Gallows Hill and Harbury Lane.
The direction of the riders then heads south, with Moreton Morell being reached between 11.38 and 11.56am, and Wellesbourne, which has the second sprint section, between 11.46am and 12.06pm.
After the riders head further south and then east though Oxfordshire, they will reach Kineton between 12.47 and 1.21pm, before taking on two difficult climbs up Edge Hill and Burton Dassett, where extra points are on offer for the best climbers in the ‘Queen of the Mountains' competition.
After that, they will reach Fenny Compton between 1.14 and 1.54pm, and Southam between 1.29 and 2.12pm.
From there, the group will head northwest towards the finish line, heading along Welsh Road, the B4452 and Ufton Hill and Southam Road to reach Radford Semele, before they power along Radford Road, High Street and finally turn right onto Bath Street and the Parade for the finish line between 1.49 and 2.36pm.
This morning in New York City, the streaming giant Spotify -- which began publicly trading earlier this month and has a current valuation of $28 billion -- held a press conference to announce changes to the free version of its mobile app for both iOS and Android. The company hopes that these new features, which will be rolled out in the weeks ahead, will create a sizable increase in its user numbers globally.
The company says that these changes to music fans' experience on its mobile, ad-supported app — which include 15 personalized "music discovery" playlists in which listeners can hear full songs on-demand as well as an optional "data saver" function, which reduces the amount of mobile data the app uses by up to 75 percent — will entice even more users to its free tier. Spotify's in-house playlists, such as Rap Caviar and Viva Latino, are important drivers of exposure (and by extension, revenue) for record labels and artists.
Some 90 million people currently use the free tier worldwide, while 71 million pay for its subscription service. As NPR has previously reported, 90 percent of the company's revenues come from subscriptions, not free listening.
Spotify argues that a large uptick in free-tier users could result in big gains for content creators and rights holders — mostly in terms of potential exposure to new fans. Even so, referring to the recorded music industry's glory days of peak sales, Gustav Söderström, Spotify's chief research and development officer, promised, "This will make the 1990s look like a practice run."
Overall, streaming is continuing to grow quickly: according to the 2017 International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) report, which was issued today, streaming revenue grew 41 percent last year, while download revenues declined by 20.5 percent and physical revenues went down 5 percent.
During Spotify's investor-day presentation last month, Spotify co-founder and CEO Daniel Ek stated that his company was working on launching its platform in some of the world's most populous markets, including India, China and across Africa. The reduced data load that Spotify promised today has the potential to make its streaming services far more friendly to users in those countries.
With these moves, Spotify is continuing to employ the classic tech-company strategy of scale-before-profit in the hopes of holding onto its first place in the music streaming marketplace, while Apple Music has amassed its 38 million subscribers to its service in just less than three years.
During a Q&A session with journalists that followed the presentation, Spotify executives were asked whether or not, with these changes to its mobile offerings and its emphasis on its free, ad-supported tier worldwide, the company would readdress or increase its payments to artists and labels. The answer was no.
Spotify is positioning its free service as a competitor to terrestrial radio worldwide, not to mention more direct competitors such as Apple Music, and that Spotify pays more to artists and rights holders than terrestrial commercial radio does. Söderström noted that radio was once the main vehicle for artist promotion, and that music fans then turned to record stores to buy music. Spotify's global head of creator services, Troy Carter (who formerly managed Lady Gaga and continues to manage Meghan Trainor, Kamasi Washington and Charlie Puth through his company Atom Factory), said that unlike the one-time profit that comes with selling a physical disc or vinyl album, streaming provides an ongoing source of revenue for artists. But, he acknowledged that with its much lower payout rates, streaming is a "paradigm shift" for artists. "We're focusing on scale," Carter added. "The bigger we get, the more we pay out."
Related Coverage What to know when choosing a home heating oil company
MILFORD, Conn. (WTNH) For many families, heating and cooling your homes is one of your biggest expenses but now is a great time of year to save on both.
Heating and cooling makes up a big part of many family budgets and only gets more expensive when that equipment fails. While maintaining and replacing is money no one wants to shell out, experts say if you're ever going to do it, this is the time of the year to get the most bang out of your buck.
“A lot of contractors, ourselves included are offering discounted rates. Not just because it's the end of the heating season but also because we haven't been as busy as typical,” said Russell Dillon, General Manager of Tyler Heating, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration.
Dillon said now is the time of year deals are offered for both the heating and cooling season. After a somewhat mild winter, they're looking to bring business in by sweetening the pot.
“We're offering $100 off of our gas heating maintenance and $100 off of our oil heating maintenance. We're also offering $25 off of our maintenance contracts,” he added.
He said you'll likely find most businesses offering deals this time of year. Last summer their costs increased by 3% – an increase that mostly gets passed onto the consumer when work is done during peak months.
“Anyone who could've gotten it done earlier in the season or the year, a lot of times they don't have to incur those additional product costs as well,” Dillon added.
Depending on where you live and the equipment you get, manufacturers and Energize CT may have rebates available.
The Reina nightclub just hours before the shooting
Huge fire at iconic London pub on New Years Eve
New Years 2017: New York Fireworks In Full
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
Amazon Home Services are set to take over your wo
Can Amazon really deliver your groceries in an ho
Theresa May throws down the gauntlet to Amazon ov
On the road with Clarkson, Hammond and May
Harry Potter fans camp out overnight to be first
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
LG will unveil a new line of domestic robots at CES in Las Vegas this week, including a "Hub Robot" that can be used to control smart devices in your home.
The Hub Robot is described as a "smart home gateway and a personal assistant for consumers". It will be equipped with artificial intelligence technology, and act as the brain of the smart home.
Voice-activated smart home systems are expected to be a big trend at CES 2017 , following Amazon's success with its Echo speaker and Alexa smart assistant.
Amazon Echo is a smart home speaker that is able to understand and respond to voice commands. That means you can turn on the heating, play music, check commute times and even set lighting levels without pressing a button or tapping a screen.
(Photo: LG)
LG's description of its new robots suggests they may offer similar functionality.
The LG robot home won't stop at the back door though as the company will also unveil a new robot for tending to the garden.
LG already has a smart vacuum cleaning robot called HOM-BOT which could potentially pave the way for a lawn-cutting version of the machine.
Beyond the homestead there will be LG robots that are, "designed for commercial use in public spaces such as airports and hotels to help improve the traveler's experience," the company said.
Expect to hear more details on the new smart home robots on 4 January, when they are due to be officially unveiled at CES 2017 in Las Vegas.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans for a third Severn bridge have been unveiled for a spot on the estuary north of Bristol.
A partnership of public sector organisations and business chiefs have suggested the idea for a multi-use bridge, which would potentially include both road and rail. The aspiration is that it would be built by the year 2050.
It was named as one of ‘six big ideas' by the Gloucestershire 2050 organisation, alongside creating a ‘super city' out of Gloucester and Cheltenham.
The third Severn Bridge would connect the two towns of Sharpness, near Thornbury, and Lydney in the Forest of Dean on the western side of the river.
(Image: Google)
It would replace a rail bridge that connected the Forest of Dean with the eastern side of the Severn until the 1960s, when a disaster left it unusable and it was demolished. Two tanker barges carrying oil and petrol hit one of the columns of the old Severn railway bridge on the night of October 25, 1960, causing an explosion and fire. Five people were killed in the accident.
The vision is for the new bridge to link the Forest of Dean to the M5 just north of junction 14 for Thornbury, making connection between Bristol and the Forest much easier than it is at present.
Those behind the idea think it could provide a major economic boost to the Forest of Dean, which is already seeing rising house prices because of an exodus from expensive Bristol and the prospect of zero tolls on the present two Severn bridges making commuting to Bristol much more attractive.
“A new crossing would provide a vital connection between districts and access to the Forest; thereby addressing employment and economic regeneration, education and skills development, housing need and retention of young people,” said a spokesperson for Gloucestershire 2050.
“The new crossing would be designed to be multi-purpose, to provide for multiple transport methods, and potentially provide a leisure facility with walking and cycling trails into the Severn Vale and Forest of Dean Regional Parks. Connection to the M5 would also be logical, transforming the quality of road access to the Forest of Dean.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"The Government will destroy the NHS as a free-at-the point of need service"
Letter to the Bristol Post, February 1, 2018.
We, the undersigned, believe that there is currently an unprecedented winter crisis in the NHS.
This has resulted in the cancellation of much non-emergency surgery for January and may also mean its possible cancellation in February.
This current crisis is the direct result of the continued underfunding and covert privatisation of NHS and social care services.
In addition, there is also the issue of the continuing low pay for many NHS workers.
(Image: (Photo by Matt Cardy/Getty Images))
In response to this situation, the Peoples' Assembly Against Austerity and Health Campaigns Together have called an emergency NHS demonstration on Saturday 3rd February 2018.
It is our belief that this government will destroy the NHS as a free-at-the-point-of-need service unless it is prevented from doing so by mass protest.
Therefore the demonstration on 3rd February has our full support.
Signed:
Dr Kitty Thompson GP
Dr Kieran Gillick, Acute Oncology Senior House Officer, Bristol Haematology and Oncology Centre
Eleanor Bliss, Senior Adult Nurse Lecturer
Darren Jones MP (Bristol North West)
Thangam Debbonaire MP (Bristol West)
(Image: Jon Kent)
Kerry McCarthy MP (Bristol East)
Carla Denyer, Green Councillor for Clifton Down
The family of Becky Romero
Peggy Woodward, retired midwife
Sue Kilroe, retired Psychiatric Nurse
Tom Renhard, Elected Secretary to Bristol Independent Mental Health Network
William Quick, Peri-Operative Ancillary Support Worker and UNISON steward
Bristol People's Assembly
Protect our NHS (Bristol)
Bristol East Labour Party
Bristol South Labour Party
Bristol North West Labour Party
Paul Manafort, Rick Gates Back In Court For Bail Negotiations Donald Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and a former top aide Rick Gates were in court again on Monday to negotiate a bail agreement. The two have been confined to their homes since pleading not guilty to charges stemming from the Russia investigation.
Dutch Fork's Bryce Thompson carries the ball against the Dorman defense during the Class 5A state championship Dec. 1, 2017, at Williams Brice Stadium in Columbia, S.C. Sean Rayford Special to The State
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Kelly Clarkson arrives at the 2018 NBCUniversal Winter Press Tour held at The Langham Huntington Hotel in Pasadena, CA on Tuesday, January 9, 2018. (Photo By Sthanlee B. Mirador/Sipa USA)
This might be the best thing to ever exist on the internet.
Seth Meyers and Kelly Clarkson spent Thursday day drinking and well, things got pretty hilarious.
First, they concocted alcoholic beverages inspired by Simon Cowell, Blake Shelton with a pinch of Gwen Stefani and the French version of The Voice.
Then, they took a cognitive test; the same one President Donald Trump took.
This was followed by Meyers belting out “Since You Been Gone” to Kelly while wearing noise-canceling headphones.
Finally, they went up to the rooftop to “yell s**t” off the roof.
In other words, they did all the things normal drunk people do.
New idea: drunk karaoke every month with different celebrities!
BMX In The Bronx
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
At Mullaly Bikepark in the South Bronx, cheers compete with the clicking of wheels and the thump of tires. Wearing T-shirts and hoodies, bikers pedal fast, then take off from ramps, soaring into the air. Whether they nail the landing or wipe out, the crowd continues to cheer.
"Being here, it's like hearing joy," says photographer Elias Williams, who has been documenting the park near his home for the past few years. "This place is so much more than the tricks."
Williams photographed the bar stands, backflips and grinds, but the images really celebrate 30 years of BMX culture and camaraderie. Created by enterprising kids who started racing their bikes on dirt tracks like the motocross stars in the 1970s, BMX didn't need rules or referees. Williams says the dedication of the bikers inspired him to keep coming back. Their mantra is "DIY PMA": Do It Yourself Positive Mental Attitude.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
toggle caption Elias Williams
In 1988, Victor Ortiz and fellow members of a scrappy BMX crew called the Rad Dogs turned an abandoned ice skating rink into Mullaly, New York City's first bike park. A few years later, biking buddies Lou Perez and Robert Ramos of another crew, Underground Never Dies, organized a group of volunteers to support the park.
"Things were kind of falling apart," says Ramos, who now works for the Parks Department. "We were the next generation coming to fix it so we could have a place to ride."
They doubled the amount of ramps right away, worked on bikes and maintained the space. When money gets tight, they've always found a way to find more.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Everyone pitches in, helping Mullaly become the "mecca of East Coast DIY-style BMX." A diverse fraternity of different races and ages ranging from 5 to 50 years old loves the park, coming to do more than just ride. The older guys often see themselves as mentors.
"I'm one of the OGs, so I have a responsibility to carry myself well," says Tyrone "Skillz" Means, who has been riding there since 1992. "When you're coming out of the 'hood, you need something."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Williams made portraits of the riders not only posing proudly with their bikes but also playing catch, chess and even music together. They pull out electric guitars and plug their phones into a green boombox. Metallica is a favorite.
"With Mullaly, the brotherhood here, the vibe is just so strong," Means says. "Even when people come here from different countries, states or boroughs, the first thing they say is the vibe is just so dope here."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Williams thinks of it more like a community center than a park. It's rare for BMX riders to find a park in New York that welcomes them.
"They're not the characters you see in videos jumping on cars, getting in all sorts of trouble on the streets," says Williams, who often works on projects focusing on underrepresented communities in his own backyard like the St. Albans neighborhood of Queens, where he grew up, after the foreclosure crisis devastated much of the black and middle-class community there.
"I don't see the need in traveling far to contribute to conversations I find important," he says.
Mullaly Bikepark is a home, and seeing it reveals what the men there are really about, what BMX is really about.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elias Williams
Elias Williams is a portrait and fine art documentary photographer based in New York. His Instagram account is @elias.williams.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, IL (KPLR) – Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner will deliver the third budget address of his term Wednesday, hoping to break an almost two-year deadlock with the legislature.
An end to that budget battle is something local school districts like Belleville Township High School District 201 have been waiting for.
Rauner paid a visit to the district on Feb. 7, and while administrators and teachers were excited to have their school recognized, they also spoke out about the budget battles in Springfield.
Social Studies Teacher Cyndi Oberle-Dahm said state leaders need a civics lesson.
"I would tell them that it's their constitutional duty to come up with a balanced budget and it's not something they can put off any longer," Oberle-Dahm said.
Lawmakers sign off on full funding for districts like Belleville Township High 201, but Superintendent Jeff Dosier said he can never count on it.
"The problem comes when the budgets are made and we've been told that we are going to get full funding and we don't get timely payments," Dosier said.
If the state wanted to get current with the district, it would have to write a check for about $5 million. Dating back to 2010, the state owes $1.7 million in back payouts to the district and is behind by $3 million in the current budget year.
Rauner said he will share his thoughts Wednesday on the so-called “grand bargain” the Senate has been working on, a 12-bill package containing fixes like an income tax hike, a property tax freeze and a new school funding formula.
Oberle-Dahm and Dosier said a simple bargain would be nice.
"What we just want to see happen is that the governor and legislature can work together to get a budget for the State of Illinois, we want to see fully funded general state aid," Dosier said.
"Our school district alone, we're three million dollars behind just for this year,” Oberle-Dahm said. “That's not adequate funding for our students."
Rauner is expected to deliver his budget address at noon Wednesday.
Lightning Fill In The Blank
All the news we couldn't fit anywhere else.
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
Now it's time to move on to our final game, Lightning Fill In The Blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many fill-in-the-blank questions as he or she can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores?
BILL KURTIS: Paula and Roy each have two. And Alonzo has three.
SAGAL: Hey.
KURTIS: What a lead.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Well done. We flipped a coin. Paula has elected to go second. So, Roy, you are up first. The clock will start when I begin your first question. Fill in the blank. This week, the FBI revealed that they had raided the home of President Trump's former campaign manager blank.
ROY BLOUNT JR: Paul Manafort.
SAGAL: Right.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: On Monday, the Justice Department said it had no intention of targeting journalists as it cracks down on blanks coming from the White House.
BLOUNT JR: Leaks.
SAGAL: Right.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: On Sunday, Eric Bolling was suspended by blank pending an investigation into a sexting scandal.
BLOUNT JR: Fox.
SAGAL: Yes, Fox News.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: On Wednesday, Tropical Storm Franklin strengthened into the first blank of the Atlantic season.
BLOUNT JR: Hurricane.
SAGAL: Right. This week...
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: ...Bill Murray was spotted blanking two days in a row.
BLOUNT JR: Oh, attending the musical of his movie.
SAGAL: Yeah. Exactly. Going to see "Groundhog Day."
BLOUNT JR: "Groundhog Day."
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Best known for his songs "Rhinestone Cowboy" and "Wichita Lineman," Grammy winner blank passed away at the age of 81.
BLOUNT JR: Glen Campbell.
SAGAL: Glen Campbell. Yes.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: A wedding party taking a helicopter tour in Bangladesh...
(SOUNDBITE OF GONG)
SAGAL: ...Caused a bit of a stir when they mistakenly landed in a blank.
BLOUNT JR: In the middle of someone else's wedding.
SAGAL: No. Even better, they landed in the courtyard of a maximum-security prison.
BLOUNT JR: Oh.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: According to officials, the wedding party accidentally landed their helicopter in the grounds of the Kashimpur Central maximum-security prison causing a lockdown. The chopper was surrounded by armed guards as soon as it landed. And the wedding party was detained. But don't worry. The couple had registered for matching shivs at Bed Bath & Beyond.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Bill, how did Roy do on our quiz?
KURTIS: He had six right giving him 12 more points. And that total of 14 moves into the lead.
SAGAL: All right.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Paula, you're up next. Fill in the blank. This week, President Trump attacked blank for his failure to repeal and replace Obamacare.
PAULA POUNDSTONE: McConnell.
SAGAL: Right. Mitch McConnell.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: In response to Russia's decision to remove 755 people from the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, President Trump blanked.
POUNDSTONE: Thanked him.
SAGAL: Yes, thanked Putin...
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: ...for lowering his payroll. According to USA Today, President Trump privately sent messages of appreciation to special counsel blank.
POUNDSTONE: Mueller.
SAGAL: Right. Robert Mueller.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: This week, an early investor in ride-sharing app blank sued co-founder Travis Kalanick.
POUNDSTONE: Uber.
SAGAL: Right. This week...
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: ...Bill Murray was spotted blanking two days in a row.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Gee, going to the musical "Groundhog Day."
SAGAL: Yes.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: On Thursday, social media network blank introduced a new streaming-video site.
POUNDSTONE: Facebook.
SAGAL: Yes.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: This week, electric carmaker blank announced they developed autonomous semi-trucks that move together as a caravan.
POUNDSTONE: Tesla.
SAGAL: Right. After being...
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: ...Forced to evacuate his house for a week due to wildfires...
(SOUNDBITE OF GONG)
SAGAL: ...A Canadian man was arrested for celebrating his homecoming by blanking.
POUNDSTONE: Setting off firecrackers.
SAGAL: That's exactly what he did.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Emergency officials in British Columbia just lifted the mandatory evacuation order, and residents were thrilled to be finally back home. One guy was so excited, he started lighting off fireworks prompting another mandatory evacuation...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...This time to the police station. The man was released a day later saying that he had learned his lesson and will be celebrating his second homecoming with a simple trash can fire.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Bill, how did Paula do on our quiz? Quite well, I thought.
KURTIS: Quite well.
POUNDSTONE: (Laughter).
KURTIS: Eight right...
SAGAL: Oh, my God.
KURTIS: ...Sixteen more points.
(APPLAUSE)
POUNDSTONE: Yeah, baby.
KURTIS: It gives her the lead with 18.
POUNDSTONE: (Shouting) Look at the size of these hands.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: OK, Bill. How many does Alonzo need to win?
KURTIS: He needs eight.
SAGAL: He needs eight. All right...
UNIDENTIFIED AUDIENCE: Ooh.
SAGAL: Only way you're going to do it.
ALONZO BODDEN: Can I concede?
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: What would Jerry Rice do? Would he give up? No.
BODDEN: No, but he practiced beforehand.
SAGAL: Yeah.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: I just sort of wandered in here.
SAGAL: On Sunday, Vice President Pence dismissed suggestions that he was positioning himself to blank in 2020.
BODDEN: Run for president.
SAGAL: Right. On Wednesday...
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: ...President Trump was sued by five service members over his proposed ban on blanks in the military.
BODDEN: Transgender.
SAGAL: Right.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: This week, Bill Murray was spotted blanking two days in a row.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: What did he do? Did he - I think he went to see a play.
SAGAL: Yes.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: "Groundhog Day."
BODDEN: "Groundhog Day."
SAGAL: On Monday, hackers said that if HBO did not pay them $7.5 million, they would continue leaking episodes of blank.
BODDEN: "Game Of Thrones."
SAGAL: Right.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: Announcing plans to start their own streaming service, blank revealed they would pull all of their movies from Netflix in 2019.
UNIDENTIFIED AUDIENCE MEMBER: Disney.
BODDEN: Disney.
SAGAL: Right.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: This week, a four-hour traffic jam in Alabama...
(SOUNDBITE OF GONG)
SAGAL: ...Was caused by the biggest blank spill on record.
BODDEN: In Alabama?
SAGAL: In Alabama.
BODDEN: There was traffic in Alabama?
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: There was now.
BODDEN: I didn't - was there a NASCAR race going on?
SAGAL: No.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: I don't know. Chickens got loose.
SAGAL: No...
BODDEN: I have no idea.
SAGAL: It was pizza.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: A giant pizza spill happened when a semi-truck carrying frozen pizza brushed up against a highway support railing. The trailer burst open, sending pizzas flying across Interstate 30. The frozen pizzas were spread out all over the hot asphalt in a messy goo of cheese, dough and pepperoni. But it was still better than Domino's.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Bill, did Alonzo do well enough to win?
KURTIS: No.
SAGAL: No.
BODDEN: No.
(LAUGHTER)
KURTIS: He got five right, but he could not catch Paula. She's our big winner this week.
SAGAL: Paula Poundstone.
(APPLAUSE)
POUNDSTONE: Thank you.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol city centre ground to a halt for almost half an hour this afternoon after a bus pulling away from the stop outside Cabot Circus broken down in the middle of the road.
Passengers were asked to leave the bus, which was supposed to be an X48 to Lyde Green, just before 2pm.
Cars, taxis and buses – but not cyclists or moped riders – soon backed up behind the bus, which could not be restarted and was stranded for more than 20 minutes.
The traffic jam began at the point where the Horsefair becomes Penn Street, and snaked back all the way down the Horsefair to Union Street and further back to Castle Park and Bristol Bridge.
Police officers were on the scene to try to help, and other bus drivers waiting to take over buses tried to help restart the bus.
The delays left large crowds of passengers at bus stops, and severely delayed buses from the city centre to Temple Meads and all routes to the east and south east of the city for the rest of the afternoon, as the knock-on effect of the traffic jam continued.
Eventually, the bus was restarted and managed to pull over to the side of the road outside Cabot Circus to allow traffic through.
It was then taken off the road and headed for the depot.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's oldest world champion Terry Downes has died at the age of 81.
Downes excited fans with his aggressive hard-hitting style and claimed the world middleweight title in 1961 before beating a fading Sugar Ray Robinson the following year.
The Londoner, who spent two years in the US Marines, made his professional debut in 1957 and overcame a couple of early defeats to claim the British and Commonwealth middleweight belts.
Downes was much under-rated and the high point of his career came in his trilogy with American Paul Pender in the early 1960s.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Downes lost the first fight after seven rounds on cuts in Pender's native Boston in January 1961 to set up a rematch at Wembley's Empire Pool that July.
He overcame a cut nose on his last day of sparring to force Pender to quit on his stool after nine rounds.
Downes' reign as world champion was shortlived and he lost his third encounter with Pender back in Boston in April 1962 on points.
That September, he beat Robinson on points, although he knew the great man was no longer the force he once was.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“I didn't beat Sugar Ray,” he said. “I beat his ghost.”
Downes challenged for a world title again in 1964 when he was stopped by light-heavyweight king Willie Pastrano in 11 rounds.
He retired after that loss with a record of 35 wins, 28 inside the distance, and nine defeats at the age of 28.
Downes remained popular in boxing circles and was awarded the BEM in 2012.
A Blue Lives Matter rally outside Bloomington City Hall on Monday evening drew about 15 people.
Organizer Regina Noland said she wanted to say thanks to the Bloomington Police Department and intended nothing by having the rally just after an alt-right demonstration in Virginia that resulted in the death of a counterprotestor.
Black Lives Matter supporters have said they believe black lives do matter less than white lives to those in power in America. They tend to view Blue Lives Matter as rejecting their value or as a code phrase asserting white privilege.
"I had no clue. I thought it was just something to use that was catchy for the Bloomington Police Department," said Noland.
Noland said she had no other intention.
"Well, the way I understood it is that you are in support of the police department. That's it, plain and simple," said Noland.
She said her event just happened to fall the Monday after the Charlottesville killing. She said she had seen other rallies coming up as she set hers a couple weeks ago.
Noland called the incidents in Charlottesville horrible and disgusting. She rejected the notion that timing matters and said she never considered cancelling.
Noland also declined to address the presence of two photos of people with Confederate flags on her Facebook feed. She said she doesn't think there is anything she can say to put people's minds at ease about those flags. She declined to say whether she believes the Confederate flag has symbolic meaning today. She said only that the flag photos have nothing to do with the Bloomington Police Department and the rally.
Black Lives Matter and the progressive group Voices of Reason urged their members to stay away from the rally and not engage those who showed up. A few did anyway but stayed to the edge of the area and did not counter demonstrate.
WGLT depends on financial support from users to bring you stories and interviews like this one. As someone who values experienced, knowledgeable, and award-winning journalists covering meaningful stories in central Illinois, please consider making a contribution.
A plane flying into Bristol Airport has made an emergency landing in Portugal tonight after the pilot's windscreen was damaged mid-flight.
The pilot was forced to descend in altitude from 30,000ft to 10,000ft after the damage emerged in the windscreen of the plane, Thomson flight TOM6133, which was flying from Las Palmas, in Gran Canaria.
Passengers are currently being held at Porto Airport, where ‘200 plus' people were made to queue for food vouchers while they waited for another flight, said one passenger.
“Our plane from Gran Canaria has made an emergency landing in Portugal,” said the passenger, Laura, who did not give her surname.
“The cockpit windscreen was cracked so had to descend from 30,000ft to 10,000 before making an emergency landing in Bristol.
“We've been here about two hours now. Everyone is OK but a bit fed up as we are not really being told very much about what is going on other than being shunted from one part of the airport to the other.”
She added: "Nobody we've spoken to knows what is going on and that includes the airport staff."
It is the second Thomson flight between Bristol and Las Palmas to make an emergency landing this bank holiday weekend.
Watch holiday jet from Bristol forced into emergency landing in Manchester Airport after 'technical issue'
The video above shows the emergency landing in Manchester on Saturday
Pilots were forced to carry out an emergency landing at Manchester Airport on Saturday shortly after flight TOM6606 departed from Bristol.
Laura said passengers were only told about a ‘technical fault' during her flight, before they learned after landing that the windscreen had been damaged.
She said: "There were some very nervous looking people but on the whole most people stayed calm. We had realised something was wrong before they announced it due to the sudden descent mid-flight. There was a big clap on landing."
“It was the flight stewards that told us to look at the windscreen when we disembarked,” she added.
Laura said at 8.20pm that they had been given the food vouchers, but ‘that seems like a distant dream as there are no food places in sight yet'.
“Everyone is remarkably upbeat considering,” she said.
Laura said she understands another flight has been arranged for later in the evening, but passengers were still waiting for further details at about 8.30pm.
A tweet from Thomson to Laura said: “We are sorry for the circumstances and hope you can continue your flight home soon.”
About Kameme Tv
KAMEME TV is designed and positioned to be a general variety entertainment station that caters to the wider Kikuyu community by offering an authentic, diverse and varied array of local entertainment, news and studio based talk programs.
TRY NWADG FREE FOR 30 DAYS
We hope you've enjoyed your preview of NWADG.com.
You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription.
Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news.
OFF THE HOOK: Summer on the Vineyard means that “everyone is everywhere,” but that hasn't deterred Sally Taylor from trying to round up supporters for Tuesday's shindig for her Consenses project.
Five years in the making, Consenses has essentially created an artistic version of the game Telephone where one creative builds on the inspiration of another's work and then passes it along through their own creation, resulting in a chain of sorts. To date, 150 artists, musicians, photographers, poets, sculptors and others have joined in. Along with the founder's parents Carly Simon and James Taylor, a slew of others has done their part, including Jimmy Buffett, Natasha Bedingfield, Alison Shaw, BalletBoyz and Michael Nunn, Bjørn Okholm Skaarup (whose hippo ballerina sculptor can be found at Lincoln Center), perfumer Felix Buccellato, jewelry designers Gogo Ferguson and Hannah Sayre-Thomas, poet Honor Moore, fashion designer Carly Hampel and chef Gail Arnold.
Tuesday night participants and supporters will gather for a fund-raiser to help get Consenses' educational curriculum off-the-ground in Martha's Vineyard school this fall. The gathering will also help fund next year's Consenses installation at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art — the Berkshires museum that is better known as MASS MoCA.
Once the pilot program is in place in four school systems, Taylor will be striving to make Consenses a nationwide curriculum, which has been developed with the help of students at the Harvard Graduate School of Education. By the end of 2020, her aim is to reach 4,000 students. “It really is a vehicle of connectivity and for unity because it offers alternative lessons and learning.” A musician and artist, she will be singing for her supper, so to speak with her mother, brother Ben and a few other family members at this week's event for a crowd of 60 or so.
Open as Taylor is to all types of creatives, she draws the line when potential participants ask who else is involved. “If you're asking that question, this isn't for you,” Taylor said. “Artists can't know who else is participating. That would create a prejudice for them to know that it was from a particular artist.”
The way she sees it, there are no right or wrong answers, just different perspectives — including some that are not always sufficiently expressed by spoken words. Recognizing the force and understanding that can happen when people work together, Taylor said, Consenses “helps people understand their own piece of reality. When they see their version, they can let go a little bit.”
The Beach Bum
With the possibility of making this a true immersive experience (ordrama?!), much like the cult status of previous numbers, Harmony Korine's reefer friendly sixth feature film began production began filming in November in sunny Florida.
Featuring Zac Efron, Isla Fisher, Bria Vinaite and Snoop Dogg, this follows the hilarious misadventures of Moondog (Matthew McConaughey), a rebellious and lovable rogue who lives life large,” according to a statement.
Release Date/Prediction: Neon will be looking towards the Croisette for some pre-launch buzz and if I were them be looking to launch this during the summer.
Across Canada, there have been 1,982 assisted deaths since it became legal
In the first half of this year alone there were 312 medically assisted deaths in B.C., according to Health Canada.
Since medically assisted dying became legal in June of last year, there have been 500 assisted deaths in the province. In the previous six months, there were 188 assisted deaths.
A Health Canada interim report released Friday stated the overall numbers nationally are consistent with international experience.
Across Canada, there have been 1,982 assisted deaths since June 2016, counting for about 0.7 per cent of all deaths nationally.
READ MORE: Death is a medical choice, but not for everyone
READ MORE: Panel finds documentation issues plague assisted dying in B.C
In B.C., cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 64 per cent of cases, followed by neuro-degenerative conditions and circulatory or respiratory conditions.
Although the average patient was aged 73 at death, B.C. had some of the youngest patients compared to other provinces, with 24 residents under 55 at the time of death.
Moving forward, provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
“It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models,” the report said.
With files from The Canadian Press
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Medical Assistance Dying Interim Report Sep 2017 by Ashley Wadhwani on Scribd
An alliance with Grab would let Jack Ma market payments affiliate Ant Financial's digital payment service, Alipay, to millions of riders in Southeast Asia. Photo: Bloomberg
Hong Kong: Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma may team up with SoftBank Group Corp.'s Masayoshi Son in a $1.5 billion investment in ride-hailing startup Grab, according to people familiar with the matter.
The investment would be part of Grab's previously reported $1.5 billion fundraising, led by SoftBank and aimed at giving the Singaporean startup cash to battle Uber Technologies Inc. in Southeast Asia, said the people, asking not to be named because the matter is private. Didi Chuxing, the largest ride-hailing company in China and a Grab backer already, is also considering participating in the round, they said.
The Ma investment, which may come from either Alibaba Group Holding Ltd or payments affiliate Ant Financial, would bring his competition with arch rival Tencent Holdings Ltd to Southeast Asia. An alliance with Grab would let Ma market Ant Financial's digital payment service, Alipay, to millions of riders in the region, where Tencent has already partnered with Grab's biggest competitor to promote its own payment service.
Alibaba and Grab declined to comment. Didi didn't respond to a request for comment.
China's two internet giants are shifting their gaze abroad as growth in their home market slows and they seek to justify market valuations that are now among the highest in the world. They've focused particularly on Southeast Asia, a region with twice the population of the US and the largest Chinese diaspora in the world. Tencent and Alibaba are entangled in a battle to lure more people to use their digital wallets both in China and internationally, and ride hailing is an important channel to help them win market share.
The Singapore-based startup already has a partnership with Ant Financial, under which riders can use Alipay through the Grab app.
Tencent is said to be investing in Go-Jek—another local rival to Uber—and it's also a major shareholder in Didi. If Didi decides to put more money into Grab, it would underscore how the Chinese ride-hailing company and Tencent have been driven into rival camps when it comes to investment. The pair back competing Chinese bike-rental companies.
Grab's financing could be a record for Southeast Asia, eclipsing the previous watermark of $750 million it set in September, in a round said to have given it a valuation of more than $3 billion. SoftBank will provide most of the funding in Grab's latest round. It's said to be pledging about $1 billion, though it wasn't clear if the money was coming from the Japanese company itself or its mega SoftBank Vision Fund.
Grab, also backed by Tiger Global Management and GGV Capital, and Go-Jek have locked horns in multiple cities in Indonesia, the region's largest economy. Along with Uber, they've engaged in a cash-burning battle underpinned by their ability to raise funds and expand in one of the fastest growing markets globally. Bloomberg
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger's ­problems are far from over, but finally some relief for the under pressure Arsenal boss.
An away win, their first in the league since January 14, when they demolished Swansea 4-0.
While it was not entirely ­convincing – a dip for 20 minutes after half-time allowed ­a ­ Middlesbrough revival – the rot has been stopped on their ­travels.
A superb free-kick from Alexis Sanchez, and a gritty ­winner, while under the cosh, from Mesut Ozil, claimed the points.
It was not Arsenal at their silky best, but they showed some character in rebuffing a ­ressurgent Boro who equalised through Alvaro Negredo.
It does not totally resurrect the Gunners' top-four chances, but seven points adrift from Manchester City with a game in hand means there is still hope.
(Photo: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Ozil's 71st-minute goal, his 11th of the season, was smashed home from close range after Sanchez's cross was chested into his path by Aaron Ramsey.
Defeat leaves Boro adrift and facing relegation. They are six points behind fourth bottom Hull with a game in hand and have not won in the league since December 17.
Wenger was looking to avoid a host of damning statistics at ­the Riverside, and switched ­formation.
It was three at the back for the first time since 1997 and the era of Adams, Keown and Bould.
Gabriel, Holding, Koscielny does not have the same ring, but they did keep Boro at bay, although most teams have managed to stifle the Teessiders' powder-puff attack this season.
The worst run of away form in Wenger's reign was under little threat of being extended by the worst attack in terms of league goals scored.
(Photo: PA)
Arsenal had not lost five in a row away from home in the top flight since December 1984. ­Another slip here would match that record.
But that was never on the cards. Arsenal were far from sparkling, but showed bursts of pace and skill that frightened their hosts.
They took charge of the game just before half-time through a moment of brilliance from Alexis Sanchez.
Adam Clayton clattered Granit Xhaka 25 yards out and Sanchez whipped a curling free-kick over the wall for his 19th goal in 29 league starts.
Keeper Brad Guzan, in for a rare start because of Victor Valdes rib injury, was rooted to the spot.
The traveling fans were not entirely joyous in their chanting after the goal.
(Photo: Ian MacNicol)
“How s*** must you be, we're winning away,” they sang.
Perhaps experience meant they knew what was coming.
Boro showed they were fighting to the end grabbing a lifeline after 49 minutes when Alvaro Negredo forced home his eighth of the season.
Stewart Downing made the equaliser with a speedy break down the right wing, cut inside and a left footed cross.
Negredo bullied Laurent Koscielny, sneaking in powerfully to poke home.
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
Boro would have taken the lead but for a super save by Petr Cech from Daniel Ayala's header. Boro were on the front foot, and showing spirit.
There has been a subtle change in momentum, and more adventure under Steve Agnew. But when risks are taken attacking, Boro have crumbled at the back.
And so Ozil volleyed home, triggering a clenched fist celebration from Wenger.
“It was not perfect but the commitment and focus was there,” said Wenger.
“This was one of Middlesbrough's last chances to stay in the league. At 1-1 we found a response and managed to win.”
Trump Says He's Not Asking Justice Candidates About Abortion. Why Bother? The president says he won't ask about specific legal cases, including Roe v. Wade. But he doesn't have to, because everyone on his short list is a pre-vetted conservative.
Trump Says He's Not Asking Justice Candidates About Abortion. Why Bother? Trump Says He's Not Asking Justice Candidates About Abortion. Why Bother? Trump Says He's Not Asking Justice Candidates About Abortion. Why Bother? Audio will be available later today. The president says he won't ask about specific legal cases, including Roe v. Wade. But he doesn't have to, because everyone on his short list is a pre-vetted conservative. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Market Scenario:
According to Market Research Future Analysis, incident and emergency management market has been valued at approximately USD 115 Billion by the end of forecast period with approx. 5% of CAGR during forecast period 2017 to 2023.
Mass notification system is expected to account for highest market share owing to increased need of operational awareness among enterprises is driving the need for mass communication system. It offers dynamic service to users by sending thousands of alert messages to employees in seconds along with precautionary measures. By communication tool and device segment, satellite phone accounts for highest market share as it offers excellent service by efficient transfer of data and voice over phone. The increasing number of terror attacks, changing climatic condition and bio-hazard is driving the incident and emergency management market.
The segmentation on the basis of solution includes geospatial technologies solution, hazmat solution, disaster recovery solution and situational awareness solution. Geospatial technologies solution offers dynamic technologies solution such as internet mapping technologies, remote sensing, geographic information system and global positioning system. Mobile mapping technologies is widely adopted by public safety agencies and emergency medical service providers. It offers cost effective regional and nationwide map options.
Key Players:
The prominent players in the incident and emergency management market-Honeywell International Inc. (U.S.), Siemens Ag (U.S.), Motorola Solutions, Inc. (U.S.), Lockheed Martin (U.S.), Rockwell Collins, Inc. (U.S.), Frequentis (Austria), Intergraph Corporation (U.S.), Esri (U.S.), Metricstream (U.S.), Intermedix Corporation (U.S.), among others.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3248
Commenting on the report, an analyst from Market Research Future (MRFR)'s team said:
By simulation segment, incident and emergency management market includes traffic simulation system, hazard propagation simulation tool and incident and evaluation simulation tool. Traffic simulation is widely used for ground transport that includes both passenger and goods movement. It helps users by providing information related to delay, traffic congestion and pollution. Traffic simulation software is becoming more powerful now a days owing to new advancement in computing, engineering, mathematics.
By region, MRFR analysis shows that Europe region accounts for second highest market share in incident and emergency management market owing to increased terror attacks and natural disaster occurrence in the region. In France, government is building special military troops to tackle this problem. There is high adoption of incident and emergency management system by enterprises as precautions as this incident causes severe damage to manpower and assets. Asia-Pacific region is expected to be one of the prominent player in the incident and emergency management market owing to huge investment made by government in advanced technology to tackle terror attacks and natural disaster management. In India, government is building special military troops to tackle this incident and enterprises are providing special trainings to their employees on the procedure to be followed during such incident.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/incident-emergency-management-market-3248
Intended Audience:
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Aviation Industry
Original equipment manufactures
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 MARKET INTRODUCTION
1.1 INTRODUCTION
1.2 SCOPE OF STUDY
1.2.1 RESEARCH OBJECTIVE
1.2.2 ASSUMPTIONS
1.2.3 LIMITATIONS
1.3 MARKET STRUCTURE
2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
2.1 RESEARCH TYPE
2.2 PRIMARY RESEARCH
2.3 SECONDARY RESEARCH
2.4 FORECAST MODEL
2.4.1 MARKET DATA COLLECTION, ANALYSIS & FORECAST
2.4.2 MARKET SIZE ESTIMATION
3 MARKET DYNAMICS
3.1 INTRODUCTION
3.2 MARKET DRIVERS
3.3 MARKET CHALLENGES
3.4 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES
3.5 MARKET RESTRAINTS
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Reports of mass sexual assaults on women in Frankfurt on New Year's Eve allegedly committed by dozens of drunken refugees, andThe story about mass sexual assaults by refugees in the Fressgass Street area in downtown Frankfurt was reported by Bild earlier in February.One of the victims, Irina A., 27, told Bild: "They [the migrants] grabbed me under the skirt, between my legs, my breasts, everywhere....More and more of these guys came. Their hands were everywhere," the Express said , quoting the original report.Her words were supported by Jan Mai, a local pub owner, who said that a mob of Arabs was "highly aggressive, there was shouting and hand gestures.""When I came in, the whole place was full with a group of around 50 Arabs. They did not speak German, drank our guests' drinks and danced towards them. The women asked me for help because they were being attacked. The mood changed completely," he told Bild, as cited by the Express.It was claimed the migrants came from a refugee center in Hesse state, where Frankfurt is located, the Local said , citing the original report.Police started an investigation into the alleged incidents and on Tuesday released a report stating that"There were no massive mob-like attacks by masses of refugees in Fressgass [Street]. The allegations were groundless," police said.In the article several people "reported about sexual assaults, bodily injuries, thefts and extremely aggressive behavior of masses of refugees. Media interest in these descriptions was very high. The police were not aware of these circumstances," the statement said.According to police, "interviews with alleged witnesses, guests and employees led to major doubts with the version of events that had been presented.the allegations are said to have taken place," the report said.The Bild editorial team quickly apologized "for this inaccurate reporting and the accusations against those concerned.""This reporting does not correspond in any way to the journalistic standards of Bild," the newspaper said in a statement.Bild said that the alleged witnesses - the pub owner and his staff - talked of mass sexual assaults to other media outlets."We apologize for our own work. I'll shortly announce what Bild will do about it," online editor-in-chief Julian Reichelt tweeted.The Bild story appeared to prompt comparisons with the Cologne attacks committed on New Year's Eve in 2015. Back then, groups of North African men sexually assaulted hundreds of women in the city.A German police report from November revealed the latest figures on the crimes committed on New Year's Eve 2015 across Germany: 881 sexual offenses involving over 1,231 women. The victims were almost all young women.Apart from Germany, similar sex attacks allegedly took place on New Year's Eve that year in Sweden, Austria, Finland and Switzerland.
Happy Fourth of July.
Did the rather dimwitted hosts of Donald Trump's favorite news source “Fox and Friends” get punked by a Thomas Jefferson impersonator?
Everything he read from the Declaration of Independence actually appears in our founding document. But his selection of specific items from the long list of grievances against George III is interesting in light of recent events.
See what you think.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman's very public proposal didn't go to plan when she was left sitting alone and heartbroken on the pavement.
The loved up girlfriend sat on the floor in the middle of the street as she held up a ring to her boyfriend .
Despite saying yes, the man didn't stick around and walked away, leaving his beloved heartbroken and alone.
The woman made the romantic gesture on the pavement of a busy road in Chilean capital Santiago.
A video shows her sitting cross-legged while hanging on to an engagement ring while she desperately asked for her boyfriend's hand in marraige.
She says loudly: "Do you want to marry me? Do you want to marry me?"
The man, bending down to talk to her and seeming embarrassed, says: "Yes, my love, and stop there."
But apparently expecting a more enthusiastic response, the woman refuses to hand over the ring when he tries to take it.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
She says: "I love you! I chose you!
"I want to be with you, marry me! Do you want to marry me? Yes or no?"
He says: "Yes, yes," but again seems muted in his response.
The woman again demands of him: "Tell me, my dear!"
The scene is gathering a crowd and some well-wishers shout that they would be happy to be godparents to the couple's children.
(Image: CEN)
The man keeps saying that he will marry her but she keeps refusing to hand over the ring or stand up, so he eventually just picks up his bag and leaves.
The woman does not follow him and instead sits watching her lover walk away.
A woman comforts her and passers-by are heard telling her: "He was not worth it."
The couple were not named and it is not known whether they reconciled their differences.
By Baptiste Tavernier
Originally published in Kendo World 6.3, 2012.
Naginatadō Kihon Dōsa (a.k.a. Butokukai Seitei Kata)
At the beginning of each kata, shidachi (naginata) and uketachi (tachi) should start from chūdan, and then assume the designated kamae. At the end of each kata, both should first assume chūdan again, then go back to the original position assuming migi-kowaki (mugamae in modern naginata) for shidachi and lowering the kensen for uketachi.
Ippon-me – Jodan
(1) SHIDACHI: assume jōdan, from the back foot take two steps forward into the correct maai.
(1) UKETACHI: assume chūdan and from the front foot take three steps forward.
(2) SHIDACHI: step forward with the right foot and strike shōmen.
(2) UKETACHI: take one step back from the left foot and block the shōmen strike.
(3) SHIDACHI: step forward from the left foot and strike sune in the kuruma-gaeshi ue fashion.
(3) UKETACHI: withdraw the right foot and block the sune strike.
(4) SHIDACHI: step forward from the left foot and thrust to the solar plexus.
(4) UKETACHI: take a step back from the left foot.
The most popular emojis among US English speakers have been revealed by tech giant Apple.
The list, which was revealed in a privacy document from Apple, shows the top 10 emojis for US English speakers.
The crying with laughter emoji
The ‘crying with laughter emoji' has been named as the most used.
Yet despite hundreds of new emojis being brought to iPhones and iPads earlier this year after the iOS 11.1 update, Apple has revealed some very classic emojis remain the most popular - with everything from love hearts to skulls making the cut.
In second place was the red love heart emoji and in third place, the crying emoji.
The emoji with love heart eyes and the emoji that blows a red love heart kiss were also in the most used list, followed by the rolling eyes and skull emojis.
© ThoughtCo
Archaeologists in Argentina have announced the discovery ofThe eggs wereat a site called Auca Mahuevo in the southern region of Patagonia by a shepherd, but the find wasby local Cultural Heritage Director, Claudia Della Negra, Argentina's Telam news outlet reported "Auca Mahuevo is a site whereDella Negra explained. This is not the first time the site yielded such a pleasant surprise, as in 1997, similar eggs were located there.The official added that Argentinian authorities are planning to create a paleontological park in the area which would be visited by tourists. "The priority, however, is to preserve this site for future generations."she added. "The research received contributions from National Geographic, CONICET and Zaragoza (Spain) to do the analysis of the materials."Della Negra noted that the new finding is of high value to scientists who have already examined the embryos' skin and teeth. The study may provide newof the gigantic reptiles that once populated the Earth.Auca Mahuevo is more than 70 million years old and is monitored by the people living in the area and security guards.believed to be thewas also found in Patagonia. The area is literally a fertile field for archaeological diggings. The enormous creature weighed as much as 14 African elephants (around 77 tons), was 40m (130ft) long and 20m (65ft) tall.Some 150 bones were excavated in "remarkable condition." By the end of the dig, the number of bones went up to 223 which were said to have belonged toIn 2016, a fiberglass replica of Argentinosaurus's skeleton was showcased in New York's American Museum of Natural History.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new food subscription service in Cambridge aims to support the city's most vulnerable families.
Cambridge City Foodbank is opening Fairbite, a food club whose members pay a small weekly fee for essential items.
By paying just £2 a week, referred families will be able to select 10 free basic items once or twice a week.
A special Fairbite shop will be opened in Cambridge's Arbury Court from June, offering food donated by supermarkets that would otherwise be thrown away.
(Image: Keith Jones)
The Fairbite initiative is being launched following a 25 per cent surge in the number of items given out by Cambridge's foodbank over the past year.
Between April 2017 and March 2018, Cambridge City Foodbank provided 2,991 food boxes feeding 6,904 Cambridge residents.
Jon Edney, project coordinator for Cambridge City Foodbank said: "Fairbite is a response to the rising number of people we see coming to foodbanks who are hungry.
"We want to help people avoid getting to the point where they need to come to the foodbank by giving them another way to put food on the table and reduce their weekly bills.
"Our aim is to help people, but the fact that the food we'll provide would otherwise be thrown away is a huge win."
Users of Fairbite will must be referred to Cambridge City Foodbank via a social worker, school, citizens advice or social charity.
New members will be signed up at the foodbank or by a completing an application form countersigned by a social agency.
Mr Edney explained that Fairbite offered an alternative to foodbanks, which people are typically only allowed to use three times in six months.
"What we're seeing is more and more people are coming in because they simply haven't got enough money to make their way," he said.
"In the past it was a benefit problem and they had no money. We're seeing people who are just worn down because the benefits they are getting are not enough.
He added: "The cost of living is high in Cambridge, so this is one way that we can make a difference.
"Cambridge is the most unequal city in the UK and we'd love to change that. We hope to engage the whole community around Arbury and King's Hedges to support Fairbite through volunteering and helping with operations.
"We see this as a way of bringing the community together."
(Image: Cambridge City Foodbank)
In December last year, the News spoke to foodbank users about their bleak experiences and desperation to find a job.
Jo Hunt, manager of the Kings Hedges Family Support Project said families come to the foodbank in times of crisis.
"When difficult financial decisions have to be made a referral to Foodbank means that the stress and worry of ensuring the family is fed is reduced," she said.
"The Fairbite food club is an invaluable addition to this service and potentially work in a preventative way. Many of our families are ‘on the edge' – they are finding that they are struggling in ways they never thought they would as the cost of living increases in Cambridge.
"Allowing an affordable way of accessing food and providing opportunities for choice based on children's likes and dislikes will be empowering for so many, helping to build confidence within families and the community as a whole."
Fairbite will be supplied with the help of FareShare, a national charity tackling food waste and supporting local charities with food supplies.
It will be initially open two days a week, once during the day and once in the evening,
Members can choose 10 basic items and visit once or twice a week depending on family size. Membership will cost £2 per week or £4 for a large family.
In season there will also be free fruit and vegetables donated by local gardeners and allotment holders.
Rowan Williams, former Archbishop of Canterbury and Patron of the Foodbank, and Daniel Zeichner, Cambridge MP have also backed the scheme.
ATHENS, Ohio (AP) -- Cecil Williams scored a career-high 27 points and David DiLeo sank the winning free throws to lift Central Michigan to a 101-98 double-overtime win over Ohio on Saturday.
Tied up at 98 in the second extra period, DiLeo got his defender in the air on a pump fake with 0.9 seconds left and made all three free throws to clinch the win. Central Michigan (15-8, 4-6 Mid-American Conference) never led in regulation nor in the first overtime but stayed alive with a key bucket from Kevin McKay at the end of the second half to tie the score at 77. Williams banked in a 3-pointer at the end of the first OT to tie it at 89.
A pair of free throws from Williams early in the second overtime period gave Central Michigan its first lead of the game, 91-89, and the teams knotted the score four more times over the next 3 1/2 minutes before DiLeo went 3 for 3 at the line to win it.
Shawn Roundtree added 22 points, Luke Meyer had 14 points, McKay scored 13 and DiLeo hauled in 14 rebounds to go with eight points for the Chippewas, who dominated at the free throw line, 31 of 36 to Ohio's 16 for 31.
Ohio (9-13, 2-8) was led by Teyvion Kirk and Mike Laster, who scored 24 apiece. Gavin Block added 16 points, Doug Taylor had 14 points to go with 10 rebounds and James Gollon scored 13.
Copyright Associated Press 2018. All rights reserved.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Taylor Swift reportedly became very emotional as lawyers summed up her case against DJ David Mueller.
The Blank Space hitmaker is said to have broke down in tears as her lawyer said that she'd taken the action on behalf of all women.
Her representative, Douglas Baldridge, told the court that the trial was intended to send the message that "no means no".
The star, 27, claims that Mueller, a Colorado radio host, grabbed her bottom while they were posing together for a photograph at a meet and greet event after her concert in Denver in 2013.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
He went on to lose his job after she told the story and he sued her for $3 million in lost earnings.
However, she countersued for the symbolic amount of $1, saying her actions were on behalf of other victims.
And at the end of a six-day trial, Mr Baldridge described the DJ as an "aggressor", reports the Telegraph.
The lawyer said: "Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?"
He then asked that members of the jury "return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation".
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, questioned the photograph of his client with the star during the trial.
He asked if Taylor's smiling face was one of someone who was upset.
"Look at Ms Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?" he said.
He added that his client was not the type of man who would commit such an act.
He said: "That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue."
All evidence has now been heard and jury deliberations have begun.
BERLIN (AP) — Austrian media are reporting that a tunnel-boring machine has caught fire at the construction site of a railway tunnel under the Alps that will link Austria with Italy.
Public broadcaster ORF reported Monday that about 50 workers were in the tunnel at the time the fire broke out. It said 18 of them whom officials initially were unable to contact are believed to have taken shelter in a container inside the tunnel. It said the blaze has apparently been extinguished.
The Brenner tunnel is supposed to be completed in 2025, cutting journey times between Innsbruck and northern Italy.
Episode 798: Bad Credit Bureau
Enlarge this image Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
In 1874, if you wanted to buy groceries on store credit, the cashier would reach under the counter and pull out a little blue book. Inside would be your name, profession and whether you paid your debts on time. It was the beginning of the Equifax business model. And it was never about the regular citizens. It was about the businesses that wanted to lend to them. Regular people are the product. Banks and businesses are the customers.
Planet Money #798: Bad Credit Bureau #798: Bad Credit Bureau Listen · 19:04 19:04
And in many ways, that makes sense. Businesses do work better if they know something about their patrons. It's safer to lend money, which means it's cheaper and easier to get for "creditworthy" customers. Sort of a win-win but for one uncomfortable thing: Today, credit bureaus like Equifax have grown into massive corporations that slurp up virtually every piece of our financial lives. We never signed up for Equifax, or either of the other two companies that monitor just about every non-cash transaction. We never opted in. And it's hard to opt out.
On today's show: Why credit bureaus know so much about us, and why lawmakers have been struggling to regulate them for the past fifty years.
Music: "Say It Out Loud" "Acrobatic" and "Assault On Fort Apache." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts or PocketCast.
Here are the top headlines of the day:
1. J&K CM Mehbooba Mufti rules out AFSPA revocation, says Indian Army most disciplined force in world
Mehbooba said the Army's footprint in the Valley had increased due to the deteriorating security situation. Read more
2. IND Vs AUS U-19 WC final Live: India need 217 to win their 4th trophy
A gripping contest is underway between India and Australia in the 2018 Under-19 World Cup final. Catch LIVE match updates here
3. Muslims opposing Ram temple should go to Pakistan: Shia Waqf board chief
"Those who want to spread Jehad in the name of the mosque must go and join the forces of Abu Baqar Baghdadi, the ISIS chief in Syria," said Waseem Rizvi. Read more
4. Bloodbath on stock market: Investors become poorer by Rs 4.6 lakh crore
Reintroduction of the long-term capital gains (LTCG) tax of 10 percent on equities, along with weak global cues, led to a huge sell-off in market. Read more
5. Dow Jones stock index sees the worst day in two years, falls almost 666 points
It was the biggest daily point fall in the Dow since December 2008 during the financial crisis. Read more
6. Kashmiri students brutally thrashed by mob in Haryana post namaz
The victims were beaten up while returning to campus after offering Friday prayers. Read more
7. Aamir Khan challenges Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Amitabh Bachchan – Deets inside
The challenge is a part of the promotion campaign of Akshay Kumar starrer PadMan directed by R Balki. Read more
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frozen sweetcorn could be the cause of a deadly listeriosis outbreak across Europe which has killed nine people,including two Brits.
The Food Standards Agency has warned people to thoroughly cook all frozen vegetables after tests showed frozen sweetcorn in particular was responsible for a large amount of bacteria infection across Europe.
Since 2015, 11 cases of the potentially deadly infection have been recorded in the UK, while Austria, Denmark, Finland and Sweden recorded a total of 47 cases.
Nine of those 47 cases were fatal, with two further fatalities occurring in the UK, according to the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA)
According to the organisation, frozen green beans and spinach could also carry the same potentially deadly strain of bacteria.
The EFSA said a freezing plant in Hungary was the source of the contamination.
(Image: iStockphoto)
Can you eat burgers pink? Why you should never eat them rare and how to check if they're cooked
Two of the 11 people who died of listeriosis had consumed the same brand of frozen sweetcorn from the same supermarket, reports Mail Online .
Listeriosis is caused by the bacteria listeria growing on food products.
While the majority of people who catch listeriosis will develop mild symptoms including vomiting and diarrhoea, others can go on to develop severe and fatal symptoms.
Pregnant woman, babies, elderly people and anyone with a low immune system are at risk of experiencing serious complications.
Dr Kathie Grant, Head of Public Health England's Gastrointestinal Bacteria Reference Unit, said: "The best way to prevent listeriosis is to practice good food hygiene.
(Image: Photolibrary RM)
Mayo on chips nearly killed young woman on romantic trip to Thailand
"We are reminding people that most frozen vegetables, including sweetcorn, need to be cooked before eating. This includes if adding them to salads, smoothies or dips."
Last week, Hungarian health officials ordered the withdrawal of all frozen vegetables produced by the plant thought to have distributed the infected products.
A report by the EFSA said: "Its report added: 'It is strongly recommended that the processing plant concerned is completely cleaned and disinfected."
Thanks to the revivals of Full House, Will and Grace, Gilmore Girls, and even Roseanne, throwback television is all the rage right now. In keeping with the tradition that all your old small screen favorites are still relevant, it looks like the creators of Blossom may just be considering a potential new future for the hit '90s teen dramedy as well.
Actor Joey Lawrence appeared on The Steve Harvey Show Monday and said that there are legitimate conversations about a potential reunion series.
"There has been serious talk about it, believe it or not," Lawrence said. "Miyam [Bialik] and I have both said we'd be into it. We've talked to Don Reo about it, who created it, if there's a way then I think we're all down for it."
A post shared by Joey Lawrence (@joeylawrence) on Oct 10, 2017 at 9:33pm PDT
Lawrence even has a pitch for where his character, Joey Russo, would be at in life by the time said revival picked up.
"The show ended where he went off to play baseball. He was a really good baseball player. So, I think that he went, had a great career, probably got married several times. He was always going on dates," he explained. "Then I think that he came home now for the first time in a long time. Maybe his career's over, [he is] mid to late-30s, and he's gotta find something else to do with his life. 'Cause, you know, he doesn't have much to fall back on because [his] brain isn't firing on all cylinders."
In its original run, Blossom lasted for five seasons on NBC and earned similar fanfare as fellow teen sitcoms Beverly Hills 90210 and Saved by the Bell.
Although disco has had an ignominious departure from the mainstream in the U.S., in other parts of the world, where people still like to dance and like to drive really small cars, disco (although the music is more like EDM than the Bee Gees) still exits.
At the Vitra Design Museum in Weil am Rhein, Germany, an exhibition sponsored by smart, the small car brand of Mercedes, is currently running: “Night Fever. Designing Club Culture 1960—Today.”
It is curated by designer Konstantin Grcic. Grcic was given the opportunity to transform a smart EQ fortwo into what's described as the “smart mobile disco.”
The small car has been retrofitted so that there is a lifting platform that accommodates a DJ booth and the requisite equipment. In order to accommodate this it was necessary to basically gut the interior in order to provide space for lifting equipment.
In addition to which, there is a fog machine located behind the radiator grille (think about the irony of this: many cars have fog lights in that vicinity so as to be able to see through the fog; this car produces it). There are LED headlamps and a stroboscope to provide the necessary dance-floor lighting. The wheels and the underbody are backlighted to add a bit more color to the undertaking.
As the head of smart brand, Dr. Annette Winkler, explained, “The smart mobile disco is a great symbol of the smart brand's links with club culture—a scene that draws people together, forges bonds and brings joy. The many different facets of club culture all embrace a departure from given norms, a different way of looking at things and the courage to try out something new. This is what links the club culture with smart. Visionary thinking and a passion to keep questioning the status quo encapsulate smart's aims and its essential attitude.”
Talk like that makes me want to (1) dance and (2) buy a smart.
Unfortunately, or not, the smart mobile disco is a one-off, so you won't find that trim package at your local smart dealer.
Video: Making of: smart mobile disco by Konstantin Grcic
Making of: smart mobile disco by Konstantin Grcic
Watch this video on YouTube
Former House Intelligence Chair Mike Rogers Discusses Released GOP Memo NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Mike Rogers, a former Republican congressman for Michigan, who chaired of the House Intelligence Committee, and a former FBI agent, about the release of the GOP-Nunes memo.
Civilian Attack In Istanbul Marks Shift In Turkey-ISIS Dynamic
The Istanbul nightclub attack is the first time ISIS has claimed an attack on civilians in Turkey. In the past, Turkey turned a blind eye to ISIS. But now, it's increasingly becoming a political and security issue for Turkish authorities.
Omer Taspinar, professor at the National War College and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, speaks with NPR's Audie Cornish about the changing dynamics of Turkey's relationship with ISIS.
The hardy potato quartet
Down to Earth
Similar to Mars
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said he knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and his college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.
Dua Lipa has new rules for getting over that ex, but life may not be that simple for all of us. Luckily, if you are still suffering from a broken heart, science has finally figured out the best way to get over your breakup!
I remember friends telling me "the best way to get over someone is to get underneath someone else." Well, that is not the way to repair a broken heart.
So what's the key to getting on with life faster? A new study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology says that general distraction seems to be the best option for that.
“Distraction is a form of avoidance, which has been shown to reduce the recovery from a breakup,” according to the study's co-author Sandra Langeslag.
So the strategy should be used sparingly to boost your mood in the short term. Distractions can be new hobbies, going back to school, or hitting the gym hard. Basically, you want to consume your time with something other than thinking of your ex.
Want to take a more angry route? Well, the next option to get over its by actually bashing your ex.
If you focus on the negative aspects of your past relationship, and the things that they did to bother you, you will move on faster.
You can read more about these techniques by clicking here.
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of people have been injured after a van ploughed through pedestrians in Shanghai - as Prime Minister Theresa May was visiting the city.
Horrific pictures and video posted online show victims lying stricken on the pavement near the People's Park after the incident at around 9am local time on Friday.
The Chinese government said that 18 people were injured, three of them critically.
The brown van, with a foreign registration plate, appeared to have mounted the pavement and crashed into a branch of Starbucks.
Witnesses suggested it was already on fire at the time.
Firefighters and police rushed on the scene and smoke could be seen billowing from the windows of the vehicle.
(Image: Twitter/@CGTNOfficial)
There were reports that six people were inside the van at the time along with several gas tanks.
The Prime Minister Theresa May is currently in Shanghai on a trade mission.
Mrs May took to the stage at the China-UK Business Forum as planned where she is making a short speech on trade links between the two countries.
No 10 officials were being updated on the crash.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: PA)
Mrs May was meeting with Shanghai Mayor Ying Yong at the Xingguo Hotel when the van smashed into pedestrians.
The meeting with the city leader went ahead as planned, No 10 sources said.
The PM then carried out a series of broadcast interviews with UK TV channels before delivering her speech to the business forum.
(Image: Twitter/@PDChina)
(Image: Twitter/@1984to1776)
According to Reuters, more detailed local media reports of the incident were quickly pulled down and replaced with two lines from the Chinese government.
Shanghai police later said in a statement they believe the incident was an accident and not an attack.
A man with the surname Chen, aged 40, was illegally transporting "dangerous substances" while smoking in his car, police said.
This accidentally sparked a fire and the subsequent crash.
The suspect works for a Shanghai metal company and has no criminal record, police added.
Within a few hours, there was virtually no trace of the incident ever happening at the scene.
The car had been removed, the street cleaned only a few police officers remained.
REMARKS BY MINISTER CATHERINE HUGHES – Opening Ceremony on Cybersecurity WORKSHOP FOR EDUCATION STAKEHOLDERS NORTH RUIMVELDT SECONDARY SCHOOL's AUDITORIUM
MINISTRY OF PUBLIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS –Wednesday June 14, 2017
Good Morning, Everyone. I'm here today to add my voice to the international effort to promote CYBER AWARENESS. It is as important here in Guyana as it is anywhere in the world. After all, most people believe that the Internet and Communication Technologies have turned the world into a global village. There's room for argument there, but we're content in the sure knowledge that anything could be seen, researched and purchased via the Internet. In the same vein, we are very conscious of the fact that the Internet provides a facility for bad people to do bad things.
It appears that the incidents being recorded in our own school system in recent times are extremely prevalent around the world – incidents of online bullying, and the use of social media for other kinds of cruel, harmful acts. Worst of all, it provides a vehicle for unsolicited, pornographic-like photographs to be circulated in schools which turn into grave embarrassments for the victims, their family, friends, their school and our country too.
We (the Ministry of Public Telecommunications) are working assiduously towards universal access to the Internet, and the many citizens who are already connected, have learnt so much in a short timespan. Our students especially have become familiar with almost everything that is available online.
One half of the equation know that the Internet is a good, extremely progressive tool and that we are heading in the right direction, i.e. ensuring that our citizens actually benefit from ICT. Students are seizing opportunities for higher education, signing up for online training courses; while others are able to research the wide range of exciting entrepreneurial opportunities.
However, with all the good that the Internet brings, we have to deal simultaneously with the negative effects too, like unwholesome content and threats to our security.
With the easy availability of online data, it becomes easier for your information, your online accounts to be hijacked. You must have heard the stories about information at some huge North American and European conglomerates being stolen by hackers and placed in the public domain. Maybe you've heard or read about the countless incidents of identity theft; or of people with very bad intentions getting access to little children and luring them away from home. And I know you know that online bullying is common, even in Guyana.
Different countries and various groups are devising different strategies to deal with this major concern in schools. This intervention, this workshop, is about finding solutions to the challenges of protecting our children at every tier of the school system.
I came across a mantra recently that is directed at students. It advises them to STOP and THINK before they CONNECT. I am certain that our ITU resource persons for this very important workshop, Dr. Kay Xuereb and Mr. Sylvester Cadet, will open your eyes to the many dangers that could become real when our children who use the web are unaware of certain things.
I hope that she will infuse you with the urge to pay really close attention to the online activities of the children in your care, whether you're their parents or guardians; their teachers or instructors; their guidance counselors, headmaster or headmistress.
In this scenario, there is no difference in the role that is required of us adults. We have to do whatever it takes to make our children become conscious of the possibilities lurking behind their cell phones and computer screens. We have to teach them to be cautious when talking to people they don't know, and even with the people they think they know; and we have to teach them how to deal with online bullies.
Some countries recently began observing Cybersecurity Awareness Month in October. I hereby commit to approaching my Government with a proposal to have Guyana join this movement this October. Our unwavering intention is to turn Guyana's population into a digitally competent one that is uncompromising on safety and responsibility!
We will ensure that everyone is able to enjoy the benefits of the Internet while keeping ourselves safe. The old adage “EACH ONE TEACH ONE” applies here. This is the message I leave with you today.
Thank You.
Catherine A. Hughes MP
About Kameme Tv
KAMEME TV is designed and positioned to be a general variety entertainment station that caters to the wider Kikuyu community by offering an authentic, diverse and varied array of local entertainment, news and studio based talk programs.
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has pledged the government's commitment to create channels for economic exchanges between Ghanaian businesses and businesses in the Republic of Korea.
The President said economic exchanges between businesses here in Ghana and Korea were necessary in deepening the economic ties between the two countries to the benefit of their citizens.
President Akufo-Addo made these remarks when the new Ambassador of the Republic of Korea, Kim Sungsoo, presented his letter of credence to him at the Jubilee House in Accra yesterday.
He said Ghana and Korea had maintained friendship for many decades and urged the new ambassador to work towards enhancing the ties and create opportunities for further cooperation in the areas of trade and commerce.
The President was full of praise for the level of development in the Republic of Korea in the past decades, indicating that the Asian country had presented an ideal model for developing countries like Ghana.
Although Ghana and Korea began their quest for independence about the same time, with similar economies, he said the level of development in Korea was far advance, compared to Ghana, and expressed the need to follow the path to Korea's development.
“We want to emulate what you have done,” the President said and noted that “the path that Korea took to bring itself from underdevelopment is the path many of us in Africa must emulate”.
President Akufo-Addo touched on some recent events taking place in Korea, regarding the use of diplomacy to restore relations between the Republic of Korea and North Korea, and expressed Ghana's full support to the diplomatic process.
He thanked the Korean government for the support and assistance to Ghana's development and stressed the need for more economic and cultural relations between Ghana and Korea.
The Ghanaian government, he said would, on its part, work towards deepening its relations with the Republic of Korea and expressed the government's readiness to assist the new ambassador to succeed.
Mr Sungsoo, on his part, said although the geographical landscape of Korea and Ghana were different, the two countries had a lot of similarities with regards to their common history of economic hardship as well as their common interest in international issues.
“I assure you that my staff and I will serve as a clear channel of communication between our countries and I am confident that I will have your Excellency's support and that of your government and the good people of Ghana, so that together, we can work to promote our relationship for the benefit of the people of our countries,” he said.
BY YAW KYEI
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shocked parents have shared pictures of their children after haircuts which left them far from impressed - with one complaining her son looked like he had been 'in a fight with a lawnmower'.
The images show youngsters with cuts branded 'dreadful', with 'holes everywhere' from a specialist salon in Kent.
But the owners have defended their service and offered free haircuts to those who are not happy, Kent Live reports.
While they have their locks snipped at Whipersnippers in Tunbridge Wells, youngsters are kept amused with DVDs, a PlayStation 4 and a mini car seating.
One review of the salon online did not hold back and said: "It looks like my child had a fight with the lawnmower".
(Image: KentLive WS)
The salon's website homepage reads: "Getting your kid's hair cut shouldn't make you want to pull out yours".
But on a Facebook page for parents in Tunbridge Wells a total of 16 individuals have already criticised the cutting at Whippersnippers since Sunday.
'My son couldn't go out looking like that'
Jo Apley posted pictures of her two-and-a-half-year-old son's haircut after their appointment on Saturday (January 27) and it wasn't long before other mothers flocked to the group.
Miss Apley who lives in Tunbridge Wells told Kent Live her son had sat still for the cut. It was only at the end when she believed the scissors caught his ear that he began to cry and scream.
(Image: KentLive WS)
Talking of his cut, she said: "It was just cut in a straight line across the back of his head, above his ears and across his forehead and anyway, they weren't even straight. I'd assumed she was going to fix it later on.
"He couldn't go out like that, it was a joke."
Miss Apley said after she complained the hairstylist tried to improve the cut using clippers even thought the toddler is afraid of them.
This, she said, left him almost hysterical and now "terrified" of hair salons.
The salon has offered her free haircuts but Miss Apley said she would never return to Whippersnippers.
She added: "It took my breath away how many people talked about their bad experiences there on my post and I couldn't believe some people had paid.
"[My son] doesn't know he's had a terrible haircut and it will grow out but the whole thing was unnecessary.
"Why offer a service you can't give?"
(Image: KentLive WS)
'Chunks missing'
Melissa Harcourt, 26, who also lives in Tunbridge Wells, posted pictures on Monday of her one-year-old Thomas's haircut for which she paid £12.50 three months ago.
She said: "The lady who cut my son's hair didn't seem confident when cutting."
But she added: "She was lovely and dealt with him well and she also responded to her well."
(Image: KentLive WS)
And Joanna Starritt said: "My son's haircut was so terrible and the hairdressers were annoyed when my husband asked them to even it out a bit.
"His hair was really hacked into and I will never go back there."
She took him when the salon first opened, adding: "They completely hacked his hair with chunks missing."
Mrs Starritt who lives in Tunbridge Wells said she did not take a photograph of the haircut because she was "too embarrassed".
One of the comments on the parents Facebook group was from a mum who took her three children to Whippersnippers who all had "terrible haircuts.....which cost a fortune".
And one of the Google reviews reads: "It looks like my child had a fight with a lawnmower. I could have done a better job blindfolded in the dark".
(Image: Google)
A positive one says: "What a great service, (daughter) sat in a car chair, watched Peppa and barely noticed the hair cut going on.
"Actual haircut was a good job too. Can highly recommend and we will be back."
Lucy Ellis, who took over the salon just under a year ago addressed the comments which had been circulating on social media.
Critics have been offered 'new cuts'
She said: "I took over Whippersnippers salon in March 2017.
"I'm passionate about providing a fun, exciting experience for children when they come to have their hair cut, whether it's for the first time or every month. I've worked hard to make improvements to the salon, which is equipped with cars for children to sit in and DVDs for them to watch while we cut their hair.
"We have also recently expanded so we can offer adult hair cuts while children are entertained with toys and films. I have a new team of stylists too.
"I'm really proud that we have lots of regular clients who return to the salon for their children's hair cut time and again.
"I was sorry to hear that on the few occasions mentioned in the Facebook post that the customers felt the hair cutting or experience wasn't up to the standard they and we expect.
"We want all our customers to be satisfied with their cut and would always appreciate feedback at the time of the cut, so we can make amends there and then if possible.
"Our motto is ‘getting your kids haircut shouldn't make you want to pull out yours' and I really believe this.
Staff training
"I have also put in place staff training sessions to increase the confidence of my stylists so that customers can feel confident in our cutting skills.
"I feel a children's hairdressing salon like Whippersnippers is a real asset to the families of Tunbridge Wells and would like to reassure our customers that I have taken all feedback on board to make improvements so that we can continue to offer the fun experience we strive to create every day."
An African lion believed to be the oldest held in an American zoo has been euthanized.The Philadelphia Zoo says its 25-year-old big cat named Zenda recently experienced a severe decline in mobility and behavior. She was euthanized Thursday.Zoo officials say Zenda was a popular and much-loved animal. In announcing her death Friday, the zoo noted that lions in zoos typically live about 17 years.Zenda was born at the Johannesburg Zoo in South Africa in 1991. She arrived in Philadelphia two years later, along with three other lions.The pride relocated temporarily to the Columbus Zoo in 2004, returning to Philadelphia for the opening of the Big Cat Falls exhibit in 2006.The Philadelphia Zoo has six other African lions.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luke Shaw feels Jose Mourinho is freezing him out and is thinking about complaining to Manchester United chief Ed Woodward, according to sources.
The left-back was substituted at half-time during Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final win over Brighton.
Mourinho said he had taken Shaw off because he'd failed to follow his tactical instructions.
It is just the latest incident in a troubled relationship.
Last season, Mourinho described one of Shaw's displays as “his body with my brain” and told the England international to “accelerate the learning process”.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
The 22-year-old had to wait until December for his first Premier League start of the season, but then started 2018 by playing five of United's seven games as Ashley Young was banned.
It prompted Mourinho to claim Shaw was in line for a new contract with just one year left this summer on his £80,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This has sparked fears that it is an attempt to stop him leaving on the cheap and ensure United recoup the £30m they paid Southampton when he joined in 2014.
Shaw has been so upset by recent developments he is determined to quit this summer and will reject fresh terms, sources claim.
There appears no way back for Shaw MirrorSport understands may even take his grievances to executive vice-chairman Woodward.
(Image: AFP)
The spat will also alert Arsenal and Chelsea, who are both likely to be in the market for a left-back come the summer — Nacho Monreal turned 32 last month and will have just one year left on his Gunners contract this close-season, while Chelsea's Marcos Alonso has stated his ambition to return to his native Spain one day.
United are, meanwhile, eyeing Tottenham's England left-back Danny Rose and teenage Fulham starlet Ryan Sessegnon, who plays the same position.
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA Wire)
The Brighton game saw Shaw replaced by Young, who has recently got the nod over him to start several big games, including the Champions League and in League wins over Chelsea and Liverpool.
United have also taken up the option to extend Young's contract until 2019.
Trump Asked Sessions To Reverse His Recusal From The Russian Inquiry President Trump said again on Wednesday that he wished he had chosen someone other than Jeff Sessions to serve as attorney general.
TORONTO — The Raptors are hosting, but supporters of the Maple Leafs and Toronto FC will be welcome to Wednesday's party at Air Canada Centre on a dream night for Toronto sports fans.
The arena's Maple Leaf Square, also known as "Jurassic Park" when showing Raptors games, will host a joint tailgate party night as three of its teams compete in crucial playoff games, Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment announced Tuesday.
The Raptors will host the Washington Wizards in Game 5 of an NBA Eastern Conference quarterfinal, with the series tied at two games apiece. As the host team, the Raptors game will be broadcast on the main screen outside the arena.
However, with hockey's Maple Leafs in Boston for Game 7 of their first-round series with the Bruins and soccer's Toronto FC in Guadalajara, Mexico, for the second leg of their CONCACAF Champions League final with Chivas, MLSE took on the "logistical challenge" of accommodating fans of all three teams.
Screens will be set up in the northwest section of the square to carry the Maple Leafs game, while another screen will show TFC try to come back against Chivas. The Mexican side beat Toronto 2-1 in the first leg last week at BMO Field.
"It's a fun city when the teams are in the playoffs. The city really comes together," Leafs defenceman Jake Gardiner said Tuesday. "You look outside the building last night, it's fun to see everyone so excited and behind you."
Fans attending the tailgate party should expect increased security, including road closures around Air Canada Centre, after Monday's deadly van attack in north Toronto. Major roads near the arena were closed for Monday night's Game 6 between the Leafs and Bruins, and police have told fans via Twitter to expect similar measures on Wednesday.
While Maple Leaf Square has drawn huge crowds for Leafs or Raptors playoff games for years, conflicts between the teams are extremely rare. In fact, prior to last year, the two teams had not been in the post-season at the same time since the square opened in 2010.
Last year there was only one conflict, when Game 2 of the Maple Leafs' first-round series with Washington fell on the same night as Game 1 of the Raptors' Eastern Conference quarterfinal with Milwaukee. The Raptors got control of Jurassic Park that night, as MLSE had decided the team playing at home would get exclusive use of the square in the event of a conflict.
This year, not only is a conflict happening between the Leafs and Raptors when the stakes are higher, but TFC battling in playoff soccer in the spring for the first time in team history has created a perfect storm of sports buzz in Toronto.
Updated December 12, 2017 12:01 AM
DEAR AMY: My boyfriend and I have been on/off for the past five years. During the time we were apart, he had another girlfriend. I didn't know about her. He and I maintained a “friends with benefits” relationship during our breaks. After I became pregnant with his child, I found out that they were very serious. I learned that she was pregnant, too. Our sons were born nine days apart. They are no longer together, and he and I are trying to work things out, but I can't seem to let their relationship go. I know that Facebook isn't “life,” but it bothers me that their entire relationship was broadcast on FB, but he won't even acknowledge us as being in a relationship. He has never posted a picture of us or of our son. He says he's ashamed of himself (not of me), but I can't help but feel like he's not being truthful. I think he's ashamed of me. He tells me all the time: “You're not her,” which makes me feel like he wishes he wasn't with me. He says I'm being insecure, and that he's never going to care about Facebook. I just don't get why he could care about his Facebook status when he was with her, but not with me? Am I being stupid?
Worried
DEAR WORRIED: When you ask me if you're being “stupid,” you run the risk of supplying me with a descriptor I'd rather not apply to a woman with a young child. However, this whole situation is unfortunate — because Rome is burning and you're worried about your Facebook status.
I do agree that this status is a sign of where your guy's priorities are, and while I'm not inclined to side with him, I do appreciate his embarrassment over fathering two babies (days apart) with two different women. Yes, he should feel embarrassed. He deceived both women (I imagine), and now his ability to be a good parent to both of his sons is compromised because one baby's mother is insecure and threatened by the other. This impedes his ability to be present in his sons' lives.
Your guy is not in charge of Facebook. You should post whatever photos you want the world to see. When people start to realize that your partner has two sons the same age with different women, he (and you) will face some questions.
Please understand that parenthood will not magically change your guy's character. You should get all of your legal, custodial and financial ducks in a row regarding the child, encourage this man to be a good father to both of his children, but understand that he may not intend to lead a monogamous life.
DEAR AMY: My “adult” 23-year-old son is home for the holidays. He leads a more liberal lifestyle than my husband and me, and suffice it to say not only do our politics not match up, but neither do our hygiene practices. To be blunt, his BO is killing us! I didn't raise him this way and I absolutely can't stand it. I just can't embrace not showering daily and not using a daily dose of antiperspirant. How do you address an awkward and difficult topic with a person who is also awkward and difficult?
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Mother of the Smelly Kid
DEAR MOTHER: I assume you have heard the term “adulting.” This is a recently minted verb to describe the process that people in their 20s are now undertaking to finally exit their lengthy childhoods. Adulting refers to assuming some life skills, such as doing dishes, paying bills, and — yes, cleaning oneself.
I'm assuming that you did teach your son these skills, but your fear of mentioning this now indicates that you are actually afraid to relate to him both as a parent and as a fellow adult.
(This doesn't have anything to do with your politics — or his — by the way.)
Tell your son, “We love having you home. But you've got to wash yourself — and your clothes — while you're here. Let me show you how to use the washer, and let's put in a load.”
DEAR READERS: My own life is probably a lot like yours. I've experienced poverty, prosperity, marriage, divorce, remarriage, step-parenting, caretaking, loss and grief. If you've ever been curious about the life behind the advice column, I hope you'll consider picking up my memoir, “Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and Coming Home.” (2017, Hachette).
Title IX Protects Identities But Can Complicate Justice
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andy Lyons/Getty Images Andy Lyons/Getty Images
There are a lot of reasons victims of sexual assault choose not to report it. High on that list is fear of retaliation, so many victims won't come forward unless they can stay anonymous.
The criminal justice system cannot guarantee that kind of confidentiality for accusers and the accused. Further, when sexual assault is reported to law enforcement, a majority of cases never make it to trial. In fact, only 3 percent to 18 percent of sexual assaults lead to a conviction, according to research funded by the Justice Department.
But a court case involving the University of Kentucky has highlighted how confidentiality can complicate justice.
Jane Does on campus
Student victims have the option of reporting sexual assault to their school's Title IX office. Title IX is the federal law that prohibits gender discrimination on campus. These offices are also tasked with investigating allegations of sexual misconduct and these investigations come with the advantage of guaranteed anonymity for both the accusers and the accused.
The two women at the center of this case were graduate students in the University of Kentucky Entomology Department when they said their adviser sexually assaulted them. NPR spoke with both women and the accused. Because this story is meant to focus on the system, we're respecting the confidentiality of the accused and the accuser. We'll refer to the women as Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2, and the accused as the professor.
NPR obtained a report prepared by the University of Kentucky's Title IX office in which the Jane Does allege the professor groped them and said sexually suggestive things to them while attending separate conferences with him.
The Jane Does tell NPR that confidentiality was the most important thing for them when they decided to go to the university's Title IX office with their allegations.
Jane Doe 2 said they never wanted to go through the courts because they couldn't afford to be named.
"I just spent a good portion of my life in grad school trying to further my career and if I'm labeled as someone who filed a sexual assault claim against a professor, that could very easily backfire against me," Jane Doe 2 says. "There's a lot of people in academia who think that there are women who make up stuff like this."
Jane Doe 2's concerns about retaliation in her professional life is just one of many reasons victims of sexual assault choose not to come forward. Research shows that only about 35 percent of rape or sexual assault cases are reported. On college campuses, the percentage of incidents that go unreported is more than 90 percent, according to the National Sexual Violence Research Center.
The Title IX office launched an investigation and after months of interviewing dozens of people and collecting all sorts of evidence, they found enough of it to move to the next step: an official hearing. Who presides over Title IX hearings can vary from school to school, but they are typically run by school officials and do not involve law enforcement. If those presiding over the hearing found the professor guilty, everything would go on his employment record.
But that hearing never took place because the professor was allowed to resign, highlighting what Jane Doe 2 calls a loophole in the Title IX system.
"Not just at UK but at every single university, if a professor resigns before there's a hearing then he's allowed to move on to another university potentially victimizing more students," she says.
In a statement to NPR, the professor said there is no truth to the allegations and that he resigned to protect his family from the publicity and stress of a hearing.
Seeking justice
This gets to the heart of why letting universities handle sexual assault investigations can be problematic. You can't remain anonymous in a criminal case as the Constitution guarantees the right to face our accusers.
It's different going through a university Title IX office, where the primary focus is protecting accusers. The office keeps their identities confidential and there's even a different burden of proof.
Frustrated that there would never be an official hearing, the Jane Does reach out to the university's independent student newspaper, The Kentucky Kernel.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Reaves
Marjorie Kirk was the first person at the paper to hear the women's story. Kirk is a journalism student at the school who had made a name for herself as an investigative reporter.
"It was March and a person walked in asking for someone to talk to and I said, 'I can talk' and they basically unloaded this huge story on me," Kirk says.
After hearing the Jane Does' story, Kirk was troubled by the lack of transparency on the university's part and wanted to dig deeper.
"I felt an obligation to the safety of other people to try and report this," says Kirk. "And that's why we started this battle for open records."
The newspaper filed two Freedom of Information Act requests seeking all the documents related to the investigation. The university turned over some records, but not all of them citing a law called the Federal Education Rights and Privacy Act — or FERPA, which protects the privacy of student records at all public schools and universities.
"And this institution, the University of Kentucky, has consistently held that student information, particularly in cases that might identify a student in a sexual assault, sexual misconduct case, must be held confidential," says Jay Blanton, a spokesman for the university.
So the newspaper appealed to the Kentucky attorney general, who sided with the newspaper.
But the university still wouldn't give up the records and because of a quirk in Kentucky law that says the attorney general cannot be named as a party in a lawsuit, the University of Kentucky took its own student newspaper to court in order to block the documents from being released.
For Kirk, the move was reinvigorating. She really did believe the university could have simply redacted names and other identifying details and now she'd get to prove it in court. This time a lot more was at stake than just one professor leaving campus without a hearing.
"A decision would be for all the marbles," said Kirk. "It would affect any decision that a judge anywhere would try to come up with for similar documents. They would see this decision and likely follow the precedent."
Then just two days after the lawsuit was filed, representatives of the Jane Does show up at Kirk's office at The Kernel and handed over the full investigation. In the more than 100 pages were interviews with witnesses and e-mails where one of the women confronted the professor about his behavior. The investigation also included the professor's version of events.
So Kirk began writing.
She'd publish her first story after receiving the documents on Aug. 13, but the investigation didn't stop there.
"And as we dug into the system a little more, we saw there was much more to this than one professor," she says. "And so the scope definitely grew into a system that universities were enabling."
Pushing forward, pulling back
While Marjorie Kirk was on a crusade, the Jane Does watch with growing concern. They were happy with the first few articles. The women got to maintain their anonymity and the professor was named. But then their personal story mushroomed into something they hadn't signed on for: dozens of articles and an open records fight.
In an effort to put a spotlight on one broken system, the Jane Does stumble upon another.
Trial-by-Media can be successful in exposing wrong-doing. But media outlets ultimately have said on how they pursue stories and aren't subject to the same rules as the court or universities. So it's really not surprising that The Kernel took the story and tried to expose as much as they could.
In November, the women filed a brief actually taking the University of Kentucky's side.
"There needs to be some sort of reporting system for professors accused of sexual misconduct while still protecting the privacy of victims like me and Jane Doe 1," says Jane Doe 2. "And the records that Marjorie is calling for, those hundreds of pages of documents aren't necessary for that reporting system."
Judge Thomas Clark of the Fayette County Circuit Court tells NPR he plans to issue an opinion sometime in the next two weeks.
But in the meantime, we still have a university struggling to protect students and hold employees accountable, a crusading journalist sued by her own school and two women still searching for a more perfect form of justice.
Ashley S. Westerman is a graduate of the University of Kentucky.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Happy hump day!
The weekend is creeping into closer view - so celebrate with a packed card of racing.
Action comes to you from Catterick, Epsom, Lingfield, Perth, Taunton and Punchestown.
Our main man at the races, Newsboy, has run the rule over the likely winners and made some expert picks.
So take a glance and try and get some cash in your back pocket.
Let us know of any winnings and remember please bet responsibly....
CATTERICK
1.50 KIBAAR
2.25 ASTRAEA
3.00 CLUB TROPICANA
3.30 TAN ARABIQ
4.05 WOTABREEZE
4.35 SIR HECTOR
5.10 FINGAL'S CAVE
5.40 PRESIDENTIAL
EPSOM
2.10 SHAMSHON (NAP)
2.45 DEE EX BEE
3.20 NATIVE FIGHTER
3.55 EMENEM
4.25 MASTER OF WINE
5.00 FAADHEL
LINGFIELD
4.50 LINE HOUSE
5.20 BLACK SAILS
5.55 MERCERS
6.25 ROYAL GOLDIE
6.55 HOLIDAY MAGIC
7.25 EMBLAZONED (NB)
7.55 BEAST
PERTH
1.30 NANDO
2.00 LONGHOUSESIGNORA
2.35 CALETT MAD
3.10 JET MASTER
3.45 LATE DATE
4.15 SOME ARE LUCKY
4.45 COUGAR KID
TAUNTON
5.15 COCKNEY WREN
5.45 DON'T ASK
6.15 ROYAL ACT
6.45 JACKTHEJOURNEYMAN
7.10 NEETSIDE
7.40 BENNACHIE
8.10 NEWTOWN BOY
PUNCHESTOWN
3.40 CARO DES FLOS
4.20 PRAVALAGUNA
4.55 NEXT DESTINATION
5.30 ROAD TO RESPECT
6.05 CAREFULLY SELECTED
6.40 BLAST OF KOEMAN
7.15 MASONS DAUGHTER
Get a Free Bet if your horse finishes 2nd to the SP Fav at the Punchestown Festival.
Applies to win or win part of e/w outright singles only, one bet per customer (fist bet on the race) max free bet of £/€20 per customer per race, applies to Punchestown races from 24th of April until the 28th of April 2018.
Boston — It was a fine night for NHL debuts in Boston.
Jake DeBrusk tallied and added an assist in his first career contest, while Anders Bjork picked up his first pro helper. For rookie defender Charlie McAvoy, his debut wasn't his first pro rodeo.
The former Boston University defenseman scored what will go down in the record books as his first career point when he assisted on DeBrusk's goal, and then his own goal later in the second period. It will also be marked as his first career game, but that might need an asterisk beside it.
“I skated as fast as I could up the ice there,” said McAvoy about his goal. “I wasn't really sure that he was there, I was concerned with trying to make something happen.”
McAvoy's first appearance in the NHL was in last season's Bruins-Senators first round playoff series. After being in the team's plans since his poised postseason debut, he's still considered a rookie who just played in his first official NHL contest.
McAvoy has graced the Garden ice even before his playoff appearances, playing as a member of the Terriers in the Beanpot and Hockey East playoffs. A lot of nerves that might come from a first game were cast aside.
“I think more confidence with the puck, more patience,” he said. “I feel a little more calm out there on the ice. Everyone was giving me great outlets all night on passes. Played with Kevan Miller and he's a pro.”
Needless to say, Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy was impressed with McAvoy and the other rookies.
“They're all quiet,” he said. “We've seen them now for three weeks, the way they carry themselves. They're good pros. You see them working out after practice. They are not being led by the hand to do it. They are working on their game. They are receptive to the assistant coaches taking them aside. They missed a few shifts here and there, the forwards anyway, and they bounced right back. So they are able to stay in the game.”
McAvoy's goal made the Bruins lead 3-1 late in the second period, and gave the team a bit more space to work with.
“I was calling for it,” he said. “I think it was kind of a weird play. I haven't watched it yet, but I think out of the corner of my eye I kind of realized that Anders is there too. If I took it from him I'm sorry but I'm sure no one's upset the puck went in the net.”
Another note for the former BU blueliner was the appearance of Matt Grzelcyk on the ice. The former Terrier captain was McAvoy's defensive partner during the latter's freshman season.
“It's great,” said McAvoy. “It's awesome to play with Grizzy. He's one of my best friends on the team, he's taken care of me since I was a freshman at BU. It means a lot to be with a guy like that. He played a phenomenal game. When he's called upon he's so reliable and smooth and poised with the puck. To play with Grizzy, to see him be great, it's awesome and I know he thinks the same of me, so it's special.”
The youth movement finally looks like its in affect in Boston, and McAvoy has a lot to do with it. The play from all three rookies has the team feeling positive about where they are at.
“It's awesome for the three of us to get that out of the way,” said McAvoy. “Now you can roll. Points aren't everything, but for offense guys like Jake and Anders, and myself, we try to contribute. Sometimes the hardest thing to do is get that zero out of the way on the point column.”
Tiger Woods' return to the PGA Tour appears to have taken a discouraging turn for the worse. Woods, who withdrew from the Genesis Open and Honda Classic after suffering from back spasms during the Omega Dubai Desert Classic, was scheduled to appear during press conferences on Wednesday at the Genesis but cancelled late Tuesday night.
Via Geoff Shackelford:
After receiving daily treatment the last several days on his ongoing back spasms, Tiger Woods has again been advised by doctors to limit all activities and will not hold a press conference Wednesday. It will not be rescheduled.
It is somewhat understandable for Woods to pull out of the event after his doctors suggested it, but for him to not be able to even make an appearance and sit in a chair for 30-45 minutes and answer what undoubtedly would be questions regarding his health is a bad sign.
Clearly the “back spasms” that Woods is suffering from are worse than we're being led to believe.
After the Hero World Challenge Woods' return to PGA Tour level golf looked quite promising. Sure he finished 15th in a field that included only 17 players after Justin Rose withdrew and sure there was no cut, but he finished four-under, played all four rounds and even carded a 65 during the second round. That led most to believe that Tiger would be able to make some sort of comeback over the next couple of months on the PGA Tour. He then missed the cut at Torrey Pines and withdrew prior to the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic and now that return doesn't look so promising.
Woods has admitted that he will never be 100% healthy, which is understandable considering the number of times he's gone under the knife, but he's held on to the belief that he can not only play on the PGA Tour but win again.
Woods only has a couple more tournaments that he could use as warm-ups heading into the Masters in April, with the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill being the main event. If he is unable to go in any of the events on the schedule that he could possibly enter ahead of the Masters, what reason is there to believe he can make a return at all?
The Genesis Open benefits the Tiger Woods Foundation and his company TGR Ventures is running the event. This is also the 25-year anniversary of his first appearance at a PGA Tour event. For him to not be at the event is quite depressing.
So is this actually the end of Tiger Woods?
I've held on to the belief that he could make a return after taking over a year off from the sport, but now, well now it's not easy to believe that he can make a cut and as much as I personally want to see him out there competing with these young guys on Tour who grew up idolizing him I definitely don't want to see him fall apart and go out an extremely sour note.
We owe Woods a chance for what he has done for the sport, but that chance is slipping away.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British ticket holder has won the EuroMillions jackpot of £121.3m.
Andy Carter, senior winners' advisor at the National Lottery, said: "Wow – what a night for UK EuroMillions players.
"A single ticket-holder has banked the entire £121.3million jackpot and immediately becomes the third biggest winner this country has ever seen.
"Players are urged to check their tickets and, rest assured, we have plenty of champagne on ice ready to help The National Lottery's newest multi-millionaire celebrate."
The winning main EuroMillions numbers are: 20, 23, 28, 30, 44
The winning EuroMillions Lucky Star numbers are: 03, 07
Colin and Chris Weir, husband and wife, from Largs in Ayrshire, are the biggest ever UK winners, scooping some £161m.
They said they were "tickled pink" after becoming Europe's biggest lottery winners in July 2011.
(Image: PA)
What happens if you win the EuroMillions and National Lottery - and the one trick that helps keep it secret
Married for 30 years and with two children, the life-changing £161 million prize catapulted them into the Sunday Times Rich List above Beatle Ringo Starr and Sir Tom Jones.
Psychiatric nurse Mrs Weir, 55, and Mr Weir, 64, who worked as a TV cameraman and studio manager for 23 years, bought a mansion - which they later upgraded to a bigger one nearby - and a fleet of cars.
Children's nurse Gillian, 40, and record seller Adrian, 41, from Haverhill, Suffolk, said they planned to fork out on luxury holidays and cars when they won in August 2012.
(Image: PA)
Adrian joked to his wife that he had not bought any tickets, before she told him to be quiet as she was trying to get their children to sleep as he celebrated the win.
The pair split 15 months after their win, although they remained on good terms. Adrian moved into a grade-II listed Georgian mansion with 90 acres of land - which came in handy when he staged the Cambridge Rock Festival in the grounds to save it from being cancelled.
And now there is an unknown person or family in third place.
ALMATY (Kazakhstan) (Sputnik) — The next round of Astana talks was expected to take place on February 15-16, however on Tuesday Syria's state television said that the beginning of the negotiations had been postponed until Thursday, because the delegations of both the Syrian armed opposition and Turkey had not arrived in Astana yet.
"Dear colleagues, the beginning of the next high-level session, within the framework of the Astana process on the Syrian settlement has been moved to noon of February 16, 2017," the statement said.
© AFP 2016/ Kirill KUDRYAVTSEV New Kids on the Block: US Delegation Invited to Talks Between Damascus, Syrian Opposition in Astana
The talks in Astana have been originally scheduled for February 15-16 in behind-closed-doors format followed by a joint news conference with participation of representatives from attending delegations.
Delegations from Russia, Iran, Syrian government and invited UN officials have already arrived in Astana.
The first round of Astana talks on Syrian crisis settlement brought together the representatives of the Syrian government and the armed opposition groups for the first time in the six years of the Syrian war. As a result of the talks, Russia, Iran and Turkey agreed to establish a trilateral mechanism to monitor the ceasefire that came into effect on December 30, 2016.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A religious festival ended up in an unholy row when a woman spotted her husband canoodling with his lover among the tens of thousands of people in the crowd.
The chance meeting resulted in the women and their friends getting involved in a fight, pulling hair and slapping each other as passers-by tried to restore order.
The incident was captured on camera by a passerby during the processions of Semana Santa at Santo Cristobal in Lima, Peru.
The procession, known as the ascension of the hill of Santo Cristobal, is one of the holiest pilgrimages for the faithful during holy week in Lima, Peru.
(Photo: CEN)
The wife had decided to travel alone to the festival after her husband told her he was busy.
She was apparently expecting an opportunity for reflection and peace alongside the other pilgrims, but was horrified when she spotted her husband doing the pilgrimage with his lover.
(Photo: CEN)
Upon seeing the two of them together, the wife lunged at her husband's mistress, and it was only with difficulty that other pilgrims were able to separate them.
The disruption caused a delay in the normally two hour-long pilgrimage, and also prevented the final scene in which the crucifixion is re-enacted at the top of the hill.
And yet, he would still deem this draft a success without selecting one.
"There are a lot of good players in the draft. And that was the big thing moving from 21 to 12," Beane said.
"The natural assumption, I get it, is we're moving up to get a quarterback, yada, yada, yada. No, we improved our draft position," he added. "We're excited about where that moves us on our draft board, and the players that we see would be available there."
OTHER NEEDS
The offensive line has sprung holes after centre Eric Wood was diagnosed with a career-ending neck injury in January, and left guard Richie Incognito abruptly decided to retire two weeks ago. Buffalo lacks an established receiver beyond Kelvin Benjamin, and has yet to identify a starting middle linebacker after losing Preston Brown in free agency.
NO SLEEP
Beane appreciates the enormity of overseeing his first draft after previously serving as Carolina Panthers assistant GM.
"Thanks, I won't be sleeping for the next 10 days," he said, upon being informed this might be Buffalo's most significant draft since eventual Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly was selected 14th in 1983.
"But again, I think I'll lose sleep every year going into the draft because you're always going to have holes."
FIRST-ROUND QBS
The Bills have used a first-round pick on a quarterback just three times, and only once with their first selection: E.J. Manuel, 16th overall in 2013. Kelly was selected two picks after Buffalo drafted tight end Tony Hunter. J.P. Losman was selected 22nd with Buffalo's second of two first-round picks in 2004.
This doesn't include Penn State QB Richie Lucas, the first player Buffalo ever selected, and taken in the American Football League's territorial draft in 1960.
OVERHAUL
The roster shakeup has been so extensive, Buffalo has nine players left who were on the team in 2015 (not including Wood, who is still on the active roster for now), and only three drafted by the Bills: DT Kyle Williams (fifth round, 2006), OL John Miller (third round, 2015) and TE Nick O'Leary (sixth round, 2015).
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Hit on LT Dion Dawkins with 63rd pick last year. Dawkins started 11 games in place of the injured Glenn, and allowed the Bills to trade Glenn. ... No one left from 2011 to 2014 draft classes, including first-round picks DT Marcell Dareus (traded to Jacksonville) and WR Sammy Watkins (traded to Rams). ... Kyle Williams remains a bargain. He is the team's unquestioned leader and started 162 games entering 13th season.
___
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By John Wawrow, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alastair Cook has vowed to plough on and answer his critics by rediscovering his best form for England after a miserable and inconsistent winter.
His threadbare return of 23 runs in four innings in New Zealand came on the back of an indifferent ash, and left many wondering whether the end is nigh for England's greatest run scorer.
But far from consider his retirement, Cook is determined to prove that the winter was just a dip in form and he can still offer skipper Joe Root major contributions this summer and beyond.
“If you play 100-odd Test matches there's going to be little periods when you don't score the runs,” admitted Cook. “But I've always managed to turn it around.
“I just never got going in New Zealand. That tours kind of passed me by before I even got past the fifth over, which is frustrating. You go all that way, you train, and you just don't turn up. It does happen.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
“One thing I do know is that it doesn't get any easier. But while I still want to get out and bat and put myself under pressure and sit in the changing room enjoying all that stuff, I've got to do it.
“Over the last six months, I've never been quite so inconsistent though, and since I've come home I've started to look at my preparation. Have I got it right? Do I need to change things?”
Two double hundreds in his last 18 innings tells you he can still perform, but a top score of 39 in the remaining 16 knocks tells you it has been feast or famine which is why questions about his future refuse to die down.
Cook is one game away from equalling Allan Border's record for playing 153 consecutive Test matches and while new national selector Ed Smith is not going to stop it from being broken, the pressure is on the former skipper.
Launching Yorkshire Tea's National Cricket Week in conjunction with Chance to Shine, which runs in schools from 18-22 June, giving thousands of children across the country the chance to learn and play through cricket, Cook added: “My job never changes. If you don't score runs there's been times throughout my career where people have questioned my place like they are questioning it now.
“If someone taps me on the shoulder and tells me they don't want me to open the batting for England it is going to hurt at this precise moment of time because I want to carry on.
(Image: AFP)
“Scoring a hundred in six hours is very satisfying and I hope I've got a few more in me.”
As the man with more Test hundreds to his name than any other Englishman, Cook is understandably concerned about the way in which white-ball cricket is dominating the agenda, not because he doesn't like it, but because of the marginalising affect it is having on the red-ball game.
Cook is open minded about the new 100-ball concept which is due to arrive in 2020, but he remains concerned at the impact it could have on Test cricket which has been the pre-eminent format for so long, but is being squeezed.
“I do fear for long form cricket,” he added. “Sport is an entertainment in one sense, but it's also a business and obviously all the money is going into T20 cricket at the moment.
“It's going to be very hard to talk kids into the longest form - why would you at this precise moment in time, put yourself through the stresses and strains of a five-day game, when there are more incentives for the three-hour crash-bang-wallop.
“I don't have a problem with the new format. T20 changed the landscape of cricket and whether this 100-ball game will change the landscape I don't know but I don't think we should totally write it off.”
Iowa Moves To Restrict Collective Bargaining For Public Sector Workers
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Pemble/Iowa Public Radio John Pemble/Iowa Public Radio
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said she left her previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said she was upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Photos from Philly's Fourth of July
Our staff photojournalists cover the festivities, concerts, parades and fireworks of Philly's Welcome America Fourth of July week-long celebrations.
As we unveil our first tier of two hundred notable foreign film projects to be potentially unveiled in 2017, the coming year promises to have many generous international offerings. Once again, there are far too many notable titles to do each one significant justice, and with many at various stages of production, we've tried to determine which projects are more likely to be presented in the next twelve months or so. Several names are carry overs from last year, with titles from Jean-Charles Hue, Martha Pinson, Sara Johnsen, Fabio Grassadonia & Antonio Piazza, and the sophomore project from Canadian Pat Mills, Don't Talk to Irene, amongst others, with new films we hope to see available somewhere on the festival circuit in 2017.
But there are lots of fresh faces here, some auteurs who have slipped through the ranks, while others continue to rise. Returning with his first project since his abysmal 2010 English language debut The Tourist, German director Florian Henckel Von Donnersmarck should have psychological thriller Work Without Author ready to go. While he's been experimenting with beautiful visual technologies and ignoring narrative interests over his past two features, we've included fellow German Wim Wenders lower on the list with new project Submergence, even though it features Alicia Vikander and James McAvoy. Also looking for some redemption considering his last project is Michel Hazancivius, whose The Search was one of the more risible recent inclusions in the Cannes main competition back in 2014—this year he returns with a portrait of Jean-Luc Godard in Redoubtable. And to a lesser extent, we're hoping Brazilian director Jose Padilha can wash the studio dreck of his Robocop remake out of our minds with UK production Entebbe, starring Vincent Cassel and Rosamunde Pike. Speaking of Cassel, he has a couple projects set to pop up on our list, but also included here is a project from Eduoard Deluc starring the French actor as the famed painter in Gauguin.
Expectations are high for Yaron Shani, one of the co-directors of the Oscar nominated Ajami (2009), who breaks out with his own feature Apple of My Eye. We also hope Palestinian director Annemarie Jacir's latest project, Wajib will at last be ready after winning various grants and accolades during the funding process.
Other projects of note include Nico, 1988 from Susanna Nicchiarelli, which is set to star Trine Dyrholm as the famed German model who sang with The Velvet Underground. We're very excited for new features from Mexico's Sebastian Hofmann, the horror comedy Time Share, as well as Mira Fornay, the Slovakian director of My Dog Killer (2013) who has been developing her next project Cook, Fuck, Kill for the past several years. Likewise, Robin Campillo (often the scribe for Laurent Cantet who recently scripted Rebecca Zlotowski's phenomenal Planetarium), follows his 2013 directorial debut Eastern Boys (a tense drama about an older gay man attracted to a younger immigrant man in trouble), features Adele Haenel in his next film, 120 Beats Per Minute. And then, we have a couple Mathieu Amalric projects littered throughout, including his seventh directorial effort Barbara, a biopic of the famed singer set to star Jeanne Balibar (who recently appeared alongside the actor in Benoit Jacquot's Never Ever). We're also excited to see him appear in P.E.A.R.L., the directorial debut of Elsa Amiel, who has worked as an AD for Bertrand Bonello, scripting her first project about a British female bodybuilder.
And then, Takahisa Zeze, the Japanese director known for his soft-core pink films of the 1990s has the intriguing sounding The Chrysanthemum and the Guillotine on the horizon, which was recently the recipient of an award out of Busan's film market (Zeze is perhaps best revered for his epic 2010 film Heaven's Story, while 2016's two part crime drama 64 was a box office hit in Japan). Meanwhile, we expect another quiet drama from Naomi Kawase, Hikari, to be ready for Cannes 2017.
Also of interest, Israeli director Keren Yedaya returns with her first project since the traumatic 2014 incest drama That Lovely Girl with Red Fields, a remake of the 1986 Israeli anti-war musical Mami. And back with her first project since 2008 is French director Laurence Ferreira Barbosa with All the Dreams of the World (previously Barbosa directed notable titles such as Normal People Are Nothing Exceptional starring Valeria Bruni Tedeschi in 1993 and The Modern Life with Isabelle Huppert in 2000). Here are picks 200 to 101. Tomorrow we begin our countdown of the Most Anticipated Foreign Films of 2017.
200. Gabriel et la Mantagne – Felipe Barbosa
199. Rock'n Roll – Guillaume Canet
198. Journeyman – Paddy Considine
197. Light Thereafter (The Elephant in a Dark Room) – Konstantin Bojanov
196. The Night Eats the World – Dominique Rocher
195. The Children's Act – Richard Eyre
194. Berlin Alexanderplatz – Burhan Qurbani
193. The Laws of Thermodynamics – Mateo Gil
192. Remise de Reine – Pierre Salvadori
191. Subs – Oskar Roehler
190. Apple of My Eye – Yaron Shani
189. The Death of Stalin – Amando Ianucci
188. K.O. – Fabrice Gobert
187. We Watched the Sun Disappear – Jonas Alexander Arnby
186. Darkest Hour – Joe Wright
185. The Song of Scorpions – Anup Singh
184. God Speaks Out – Henrik Ruben Genz
183. Submergence – Wim Wenders
182. Endangered Species – Gilles Bourdos
181. The Pornographer – Erik Poppe
180. Animals – Sophie Hyde
179. We Have Nothing in Common – Thierry Klifa
178. The Monk – Zaza Urushadze
177. Wajib – Annemarie Jacir
176. The House By the Sea – Robert Guediguian
175. 55 Steps – Bille August
174. Work Without Honor – Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
173. Chien – Samuel Benchetrit
172. The Berlin Syndrome – Cate Shortland
171. Blue Iguana – Hadi Hajaig
170. Loving, Hating Escobar – Fernando Leon de Aranoa
169. The Difficult Times – Olivier Nakache & Eric Toledano
168. Black 47 – Lance Daly
167. The Human Face – Andrey Konchalovsky
166. Golem: The Return – Dominik Graf
165. Redoubtable – Michel Hazancivius
164. Hier – Balint Kenyeres
163. Shinjuku Swan 2 – Sion Sono
162. Tout s'est bien passé – Alain Cavalier
161. Django Melodies – Etienne Comar
160. Ensor – Felix van Groeningen
159. Dog – Florin Serban
158. Patser – Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah
157. Nico, 1988 – Susanna Nicchiarelli
156. Maryline – Guillaume Galliene
155. All the Dead Ones – Marco Dutra & Caetano Godardo
154. Diary of an Elephant – Fernando Eimbecke
153. Gauguin – Edouard Deluc
152. Les Gardiennes – Xavier Beauvois
151. Don't Talk to Irene – Pat Mills
150. Where Hands Touch – Amma Asante
149. Blade of the Immortal – Takashi Miike
148. Leathernose – Jean-Pierre Ameris
147. The Book of Vision – Carlo Hintermann
146. P.E.A.R.L. – Elsa Amiel
145. Irene, Celina Murga
144. 120 Beats per Minute – Robin Campillo
143. The Whisky Robber – Nimrod Antal
142. Backstabbing For Beginners – Per Fly
141. Small Town Killers – Ole Bornedal
140. Cook, F*ck, Kill, Mira Fornay
139. The Child Manipulator – Takashi Shimizu
138. Engel – Koen Mortier
137. After the Blood of the Beasts – Jean-Charles Hue
136. The Man in the Rockefeller Suit – Pablo Trapero
135. Time Share – Sebastian Hofmann
134. Ensor – Felix Van Groeningen
133. Framing Mom – Sara Johnsen
132. True Horror Story – Shinji Aoyama
131. Butterfingers – Barnaby Southcombe
130. All the Dreams of the World – Laurence Ferreira Barbosa
129. The Man from the Sea – Koji Fukada
128. Love and Vengeance – Edwin
127. Single Mother – Hana Makhmalbof
126. Solid – Olivier Dahan
125. The Mercy – James Marsh
124. Requiem for Mrs. J – Bojan Vuletic
123. Tomorrow – Martha Pinson
122. Razzia – Nabil Ayouch
121. Entebbe – Jose Padilha
120. Darkest Hour – Joe Wright
119. The Friendly Animal – Gabriela Amaral Almeida
118. Ice Mother – Bohdan Slama
117. Magnetic Paths – Edgar Pera
116. Ivan Lendl Never Learnt to Volley – Jed Kurzl
115. Hitman's Guide to Housecleaning – Cristoffer Boe
114. Joaquim – Marcelo Gomes
113. Red Fields – Keren Yedaya
112. La Priere – Cedric Kahn
111. Amin – Philippe Faucon
110. Sicilian Ghost – Grassadonia & Piazza
109. Good Favour – Rebecca Daly
108. Hikari – Naomi Kawase
107. Barbara – Mathieu Amalric
106. Flammable Creatures – Stephen Elliott
105. Black Dog – George Walker Torres
104. A Knife in the Heart – Yann Gonzalez
103. Mon Garcon – Christian Carion
102. The Chrysanthemum and the Guillotine – Takahisa Zeze
101. The Trip to Spain – Michael Winterbottom
RT @jchaltiwanger : Lol Slack crashed less than 30 minutes ago and it's already the top trending topic on Twitter. It's like every journalis…
SHARE COPY LINK Linebacker Jaylon Smith gets high marks for hard work and positive attitude recovering from a college knee injury. He is set to get his chance to play Saturday. (Star-Telegram/Rodger Mallison) Rodger Mallison rmallison@star-telegram.com
Linebacker Jaylon Smith gets high marks for hard work and positive attitude recovering from a college knee injury. He is set to get his chance to play Saturday. (Star-Telegram/Rodger Mallison) Rodger Mallison rmallison@star-telegram.com
Despite forfeiting at least four weight classes against each opponent, the Ridgefield High wrestling team managed to finish fifth at the Connecticut Duals on Saturday at Southington High School.
Ridgefield defeated two of five opponents, getting a 39-36 victory over Norwich Free Academy and beating Lyman Memorial on a tiebreaker after the teams tied at 39-39. The Tigers lost to host Southington (57-21), along with Winchester, Mass. (36-26), and Amity (42-39).
In all five matches, Ridgefield had no wrestlers at 120, 170, 182, or 195 pounds. The Tigers also forfeited four times at 285 pounds and twice at 113 pounds.
The point-squandering hurt: Ridgefield sacrificed 24 points to Winchester and 30 points to Amity, two teams it was ahead of in terms of matches wrestled.
Individually, Ridgefield had some of the day's best performers. Ben Smart (106 pounds), Jesse Walker (126), Peter Murray (132) and Simon Preston (145) all went unbeaten with 5-0 records.
Smart registered two pins, a technical fall, a 3-0 decision and a forfeit; Walker had three pins, a technical fall and a forfeit; Murray posted three pins, a technical fall and a 10-4 decision; and Preston finished with three pins and two forfeit wins.
Freshman Bryan Showstead also excelled for the Tigers, winning four of five matches at 160 pounds. Showstead pinned three opponents and added a 3-2 decision over Shane Gindel of Winchester.
Jared Donnelly won three of his five matches for Ridgefield at 138 pounds. Donnelly pinned two opponents and got a forfeit victory.
Liam Courtney won twice (pin, decision) at 152 pounds, while Sean Pastor contributed one forfeit victory at 285 pounds.
Notes: Vermont power Mount Anthony went 5-0 to finish first at the Connecticut Duals. Mount Anthony lost just five matches and outscored its five opponents by a combined score of 358-19.
Ten teams took part in the tournament, with each squad wrestling five opponents in head-to-head matches.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City Council has said it is negotiating with the developers of a major scheme in central Bristol to build at least some affordable housing on site.
It comes after a planning inspector said that zero affordable homes had to be built at the former Elizabeth Shaw chocolate factory in Easton .
Plans to build 135 new homes at the site near the Bristol-Bath cycle path were given the go ahead following a planning appeal last year.
Throughout the process there were a substantial number of public objections and protests to the scheme concerning the lack of affordable housing, which developer Generator Group said was not viable.
And despite an offer to make six of the homes affordable the planning inspector concluded that it “would not be economically viable to provide any affordable housing on this site.”
But the council has said it is not giving up and is in “fresh discussions” with Generator about providing 14 affordable homes at the site.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
This would make 10 per cent of the development affordable.
Cllr Paul Smith, cabinet member for housing at Bristol City Council , said: “Establishing good quality affordable housing in the city is a priority for us and we continue to work closely with developers and the government on this.
“Whilst the Planning Inspectorate upheld the developer's appeal last year, fresh discussions are now taking place about providing 14 affordable homes within the Chocolate Factory building.”
In a previous statement Generator has said it would be making a £1 million contribution to local infrastructure.
A number of on-site surveys took place on the site at the beginning of year and the developer has said they hope to start building later this year.
For the past fifteen seasons Pauley Perrette has portrayed the goth-loving forensic scientist, Abby Sciuto, on NCIS. With her adorable relationship with gruff team leader Jethro Gibbs, played by Mark Harmon, and her fast-talking brilliance, she has garnered a fan base all her own. So the recent announcement of her impending departure next season has put a damper on the new season of the long-running crime drama.
Perrette tweeted the confirmation to her 748,000 followers in the wee hours of the morning on October 4th, but NCIS executive producers George Schenck and Frank Cardea have known about Perrette's decision to leave for quite some time.
So it is true that I am leaving NCIS...
There have been all kinds of false rumors as to why (NO I DON'T HAVE A SKIN CARE LINE... pic.twitter.com/gugM2a2ckT — Pauley Perrette (@PauleyP) October 4, 2017
In fact, in a statement to TVLine, the producers said they have been working on a way to send Abby off in a manner befitting her coffin-loving character as the EPs know how beloved the actress is:
“We've known for some time this would be Pauley's final season on NCIS and have been working toward a special send-off. From day one, she has brought incredible passion and specificity to the role. Abby is a character that inspires millions of fans around the world, and all of us at NCIS are appreciative of Pauley for portraying her.”
Of course, there's no guarantee that #NCIS will be renewed for Season 16 so we might be saying goodbye to all of the characters at the end of this season. However, NCIS has remained consistent in its number of viewers, ranking in the top ten television shows consistently since its sixth season. Though Season 14 showed an approximate two million drops in viewers, it still pulled in an average of 14.63 million so there would be little reason for CBS to cancel such a successful series. Odds are good we will be watching next year without the lovable Abby Sciuto in the lab.
Described by Yahoo! as "a witty, lovable personality with forensic skills that are even greater than her charm," Abby wormed her way into our hearts in Season 1 and hasn't let go. Even CBS Studios issued a statement calling her "one of the most unique characters on television."
"While it's never easy saying goodbye to a beloved actress and character, we respect her decision to leave at the end of the season. We are grateful to Pauley for all her contributions to the series and making Abby one of the most unique characters on television.”
As CBS respects Perrette's decision to leave, so do the fans, but it doesn't take away the sting of the loss. The NCIS lab will always be Abby's, and the next character to take her place will have big, if not impossible, shoes to fill.
[Sources: TVLine]
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Arsenal defender Gabriel has revealed the details of his furious clash with Luis Suarez during Barcelona's Copa del Rey semi-final first leg victory over Valencia.
The pair were involved in a flashpoint during the match as the Uruguayan scored the only goal of the game to give his side a 1-0 lead going into the return fixture at the Mestalla.
Gabriel admitted Suarez used a derogatory term against him, but played down the incident insisting the former Liverpool man is the best striker in the world.
"These are matters for the pitch," the Brazilian told reporters.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
"He told me that I was a 'cagon' and I told him that he was a good player, that he was the best No. 9 in the world.
"But that stays on the pitch, now we forget it and that's it."
But in the nicest terms, a 'cagon' is said to be someone who is constantly fearful - and prone to defecating themselves, constantly.
Suarez has form for controversial on-pitch incidents having previously been involved in a biting storm with Giorgio Chiellini and being charged with racial abuse of Patrice Evra.
Valencia are bang in the tie as they bid to stop Barça winning a fourth successive Copa del Rey title.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
And the third-placed side in La Liga are confident heading into the home leg.
"We fought until the end as Marcelino wanted, it's the first battle and we had to give our all for the team," Gabriel added. "Now onto the next game.
"I don't see myself in the final yet, Barcelona is the best team in the world and we have to come out ready to make sure we are in the final."
A high school golfer in Michigan was caught off guard by an unlikely opponent.Photos of the attack are going viral as Blissfield High School golfer Devon Gilson-Pitts was attacked on the golf course by the big bird on April 21.The golfers had just finished teeing off and were walking down the fairway when they passed a goose nest.The goose started flying toward the teen and ended up on top of him.Blissfield High School posted the photos on social media with the caption "And you thought golf was boring?"The student was not hurt but he says his pride was injured."At no point in my life, I never thought golf would be fun or exciting till yesterday. We have a great group of kids on the golf team and had some excitement on the course yesterday," Gilson-Pitts wrote on Facebook.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK – It was a chaotic scene aboard a New York City subway train after a dog locked its jaws onto a rider's foot in a video that surfaced on Instagram Monday.
People on the train can be heard screaming in distress while the dog's owner struggles to control the animal.
“Get him off of me!” the subway rider yells.
When and where the video was recorded is still not clear.
Video of the incident was posted Monday morning on the popular Instagram feed @SubwayCreatures and quickly went viral.
A spokesperson for the MTA confirmed to WPIX that the agency is aware of the incident, calling it “disturbing” and “a clear violation of our rules.”
MTA rules say: “no person may bring any animal on or into any conveyance or facility unless enclosed in a container and carried in a manner which would not annoy other passengers.”
It's a rule some dog owners have been accused of taking advantage of, placing oversized dogs in duffle bags. Photos of massive dogs in tiny carriers commonly make the rounds on social media.
While details remain scarce, it's unclear what led to the incident.
The dog's owner can be heard in the video saying, “she attacked him first.”
“Ok – but just get the dog away from her,” another subway rider says.
According to the MTA, video of the incident has been flagged for the NYPD to investigate.
The agency is still trying to figure out when and where it took place, according to WPIX.
The rule of keeping animals in carriers does not apply to “service dogs” like law enforcement K9s and dogs assisting those with disabilities. Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs are not recognized as “service dogs” under the MTA's rules and regulations.​
Federal accident investigators are set to determine the probable cause of the sinking of the cargo ship El Faro in 2015, the worst maritime disaster for a U.S.-flagged vessel in decades in which 33 mariners were killed.
The National Transportation Safety Board will meet Tuesday to issue more than 50 safety recommendations related to the loss of the 790-foot-long (240-meter) ship on Oct. 1, 2015.
The El Faro sank 34 hours after leaving Jacksonville, Florida, on a cargo run to Puerto Rico. The freighter lost propulsion while sailing through Hurricane Joaquin, coming to rest 15,000-feet (4,570 meters) on the sea floor.
The NTSB says it will address problems with weather forecasting, management of the ship, the suitability of the ship's lifeboats and the oversight of the vessel by its owner, TOTE Maritime, Inc.
A woman who worked with Danley at the Atlantis in Reno said Paddock had achieved the casino's highest loyalty-program status, which affords gamblers a host of privileges, including a personal casino host, premium seating at concerts and events, and complimentary car washes — he also ordered meals off the restaurant menus and had them delivered to him as he gambled.
Eric Paddock said his brother essentially moved into the casino for months at a time.
The company that owns Atlantis said in a statement that it "had no current information regarding Stephen Paddock and Marilou Danley," noting that Danley stopped working there several years ago. "We are co-operating with law enforcement and support their efforts to investigate and address this tragedy."
Paddock also frequented other Reno casinos. He earned a reputation as a big spender at the Grand Sierra, and he was spotted in recent weeks at the Silver Legacy, where a dealer said he was known to wager $100 per bet on slot machines. A casino employee said Paddock was a frequent presence during the National Championship Air Races in September. Public records show that Paddock owned two planes and was a licensed pilot.
The gambling was, at times, apparently lucrative. Paddock's brother said he showed FBI investigators a text from Stephen Paddock saying he had won $250,000 at a casino.
"It's like a job for him. It's a job where you make money," said Eric Paddock, adding that his brother could lose $1 million and still have enough to live on.
Relatives said they believe Paddock was worth more than $2 million, making a small fortune from real estate deals and a business that he and Eric Paddock sold. Paddock told neighbours that he was a professional gambler but didn't show any trappings of wealth, driving nondescript cars and favouring khakis and polo shirts.
Eric Paddock recalled that his brother once arranged to take over the top floor of the Atlantis — all part of the free rooms, meals, drinks, spa services and other perks that lubricate the cash-sopped casino culture in Las Vegas, Reno and other gambling havens.
"RFB — room, food and beverage — is the most coveted comp," said David Schwartz, director of the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas.
Casinos closely track the habits of all but the most casual gamblers, monitoring the time they spend playing and the amount they wager. And they invest heavily in freebies and other inducements to keep them playing. Schwartz said that comps, on average, account for almost one-third of the expenses at Las Vegas's large casinos.
The 24 biggest Las Vegas Strip casinos had average expenses of $145 million in 2016, and comps accounted for $65 million of that total — more than payroll and taxes combined, according to a report by Schwartz's centre at UNLV.
At the Mandalay Bay, a 1,450-square-foot, two-bedroom suite can rent for hundreds of dollars on a weeknight, according to the hotel's website, and can be worth far more than that depending on the season and events scheduled at the resort. Add in meals at high-end casino restaurants, tickets to shows, limousines, liquor and credits to spend on gambling, and comps can add up quickly.
"You don't have to be the highest roller, and they still take care of you," said one Washington businessman who travels regularly to Las Vegas.
Though offering a veneer of glitz and glamour, the comps allow casinos to promote and reward loyalty, analysts said, largely because casino officials know that the longer and more often a person gambles, the more likely it is that the house will win.
Comps serve a crucial function to casinos, making players feel important and keeping them at specific properties spending money. Free rooms help players stay in the casino and gamble as long as possible while they are there. The overall feeling of being a VIP entices people to return on a regular basis — and to feel as if they are getting something nearly guaranteed in return.
"If you're putting a lot of money into a slot machine and you're not getting anything back, at some point you're going to stop doing that," said Lia Nower, director of the Center for Gambling Studies at Rutgers University. "If they're getting free rooms and everything else, that's validation."
Nower said the rewards system differs with each casino ownership group.
"If you spend a decent amount of money, you go there a few times a year, you'd probably get comped rooms, meals, show tickets," she said. "If you're a high, high roller, you're getting suites, you're getting transportation, you're able to bring people with you."
Schwartz said casinos have sophisticated systems for tracking players' habits. Even fairly casual gamblers are encouraged to sign up for a "player card," essentially a loyalty club card that allows casinos to collect data about the time a gambler spends at a blackjack table or slot machine, the amount of their typical bet, and their overall winnings and losses. Inserting the card into a machine or handing it to a pit boss can allow players to accrue points that can used in a variety of ways.
A player who uses a loyalty card enough becomes a "rated" player and often qualifies for personalized service from casinos, including a "VIP host" who helps arrange for freebies, such as rooms, meals and show reservations. It also allows casinos to direct-market to players who are most likely to return, offering mailed and emailed coupons or discounts as enticements.
"They know the person has a set gambling budget, and they want to encourage loyalty," Schwartz said.
The cards are good at any casino owned by the same company. For example, an MGM Resorts player card is generally good at any casino in the chain, from the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas to the MGM National Harbor near Washington, D.C.
Schwartz said different casinos distribute comps for different levels of spending. Someone who gambles $500 at premier Las Vegas casinos "might not get noticed" among gamblers who sometimes wager tens of thousands of dollars or more on a single hand.
But generally, he said, someone such as Paddock, who reportedly spent weeks at a time wagering tens of thousands of dollars or more, would qualify for high-end comps.
Nower said the comp system encourages people to keep coming back to their favourite venue, where they feel valued.
"There's a whole element of gambling that doesn't have anything to do with money. It's a sense of being important ... that comes with familiarity," Nower said. "People who know your name, people who know you're coming into town."
The Washington Post
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So you've bought the ingredients, you've picked your pancake recipe, nothing can stop you making the perfect pancake.
Wrong.
Without a robust flipping technique you could still end up with egg, milk and flour on your face.
Yes, the dreaded Pancake Day toss is something we all want to get right.
And that moment that your crispy batter folds in on itself and gets stuck is devastating.
So here's a little tutorial for you. Have a look at how to do it and how NOT to do it - then film yourself having a go and send it to us using the form below.
This is how it should be done
They make it look so easy.
Here's a good technique in slow motion, pay attention
Think you can flip it over with a spatula?
Think again.
Definitely use a non-stick pan
Don't get cocky
One flip is enough.
But if you've got skills, flaunt them
Don't let it land on the pan rim
That sinking feeling when you see it rip apart? Yes, that.
Now send us your videos!
4G LTE hotspots Industry have gained significant traction since its introduction in the market. This can be attributed to multiple factors including increasing number of smart devices that need to be connected simultaneously for various reasons. Connecting multiple devices with a mobile hotspot or even enabling them all with SIM cards seems to be a complex and expensive task. However, hotspot proves to be a hassle free connectivity solution for multiple devices.
Dependency on the internet has increased substantially in the recent past for conducting business or for personal use. Connecting over cellular data on mobile leads to rapid draining of battery and hence, demand for external hotspot device is gaining traction in the market. The infrastructure at disposal in multiple regions North America, Asia Pacific, Africa, Europe, Middle East and Latin America among others, is conducive for supporting 4G LTE services without much interruption and hence, supporting growth of the 4G LTE hotspot market.
Technological advancements in terms of speed and long battery life of wireless hotspots is aiding in increasing adoption and growth of 4G LTE hotspot devices. Also, growing demand for internet services on-the-go are triggering demand for 4G LTE hotspot in the global market. A large number of people travelling require efficient solutions for uninterrupted connectivity across geographies and hence, need 4G LTE hotspot devices.
“Growing need to keep multiple smart devices connected is major factor driving growth of the market”
Rising adoption of smart devices, including smartphones, tablets and cameras among others is expected to drive growth of the global 4G LTE hotspot market, during forecast period. This is owing to increasing demand for connectivity to internet for these devices. Furthermore, growing adoption of connected home, connected vehicles, and others is propelling growth of the market. This can also be attributed to lowering internet charges, which is further boosting adoption of 4G LTE hotspots.
Globalization has resulted in professional personnel to keep travelling across various geographies, during which devices need to be connected with a constant and consistent internet services for increasing efficiency of businesses. For this 4G LTE hotspots are best suited and are being offered at competitive prices, owing to competition among large number of services providers in the market.
Global 4G LTE Hotspot Market: Regional Insights
North America held a dominant position in the global 4G LTE hotspot market in 2016, and is expected to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period. This growth is attributed to large number of smart devices in the region and increasing need to connect them all with efficient LTE hotspot. According to Coherent Market Insights, global number of hotspots is expected to reach 340 million in number and it averages to a hotspot for 20 people across the globe. Also, in North America, it is expected that for every four people, one hotspot will be used, whereas, the density for Africa is expected to be 1 hotspot for 408 people. As per analysis of Coherent Market Insights, Europe is estimated to exhibit high hotspot density in 2018. Asia Pacific is expected to exhibit highest CAGR, over the forecast period, owing to rapidly increasing internet penetration and increasing adoption of connected and smart devices in the region.
Global 4G LTE Hotspot Market: Competitive Background
Major players operating in the 4G LTE hotspot market are Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, FreedomPop, Samsung, Internet on the Go, Sprint, Huawei, D-Link, and TP-Link.
Explore more about 4G LTE hotspots Market Study @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/4g-lte-hotspot-market-1620
Pulitzer Prize winning poet Tracy K. Smith, has been named the Library of Congress' new poet laureate, the nation's highest honor in that field.
Smith joins other luminaries in poetry who have held the position including African American, Rita Dove, and most recently, Juan Felipe Herrera.
According to the New York Times, Smith, 45, said she planned to use the position to be an evangelist of sorts, taking poetry to places that often don't see or experience it.
“I'm very excited about the opportunity to take what I consider to be the good news of poetry to parts of the country where literary festivals don't always go,” she said. “Poetry is something that's relevant to everyone's life, whether they're habitual readers of poetry or not.”
Smith is the 22nd poet to take on the position, which dates to 1937.
She graduated from Harvard with a degree in English and Afro-American studies. She received her M.F.A. from Columbia University and published her first collection, “The Body's Question,” in 2003.
She is currently the director of the creative writing program at Princeton University, and has been working on a libretto for an opera composed by Gregory Spears, about the legacy of slavery in the South.
History is also a recurring theme in her forthcoming collection, Wade in the Water, which Graywolf Press will release next spring.
SOURCE: The New York Times
SEE ALSO:
Black Playwright, Poet, Novelist And Critic All Win 2017 Pulitzer Prizes
Student Poets Strike A Chord With Michelle Obama
Justin Timberlake is reportedly in talks to headline the 2018 Super Bowl Halftime Show, 13 years after his X-rated stunt with Janet Jackson. Though an insider shut down rumors that JAY-Z would join him on stage—there'll be "no surprise performers," a source told Us Weekly—there might be a chance that JT could reunite with his old boy band, NSYNC.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Speculation began when Timberlake's former bandmate Joey Fatone dropped a hint in a recent interview with TMZ.
"It's one of those things like with the MTV [Video Music] Awards," he said, when asked if NSYNC would join JT at the Super Bowl. "If it's right, we do it. If everybody can't do it, then we don't do it. It's pretty simple."
Though the band went on hiatus in 2002, they recently reunited at MTV VMAs in 2013, when Timberlake was honored with the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. Could another reunion happen at the Super Bowl? After all, Beyoncé did bring back Destiny's Child during her halftime show in 2013.
Before you start digging your old NSYNC band tees from your closet, we still have to wait for confirmation from the NFL that Timberlake is, indeed, performing at the 2018 Super Bowl.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"No decisions have been made on the performer(s) and we are not going to speculate on particular artists,” NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy told The Washington Post. "Along with Pepsi, we know that we will put on a spectacular show. When it is time to announce her name we will do it. Or his name. Or their names."
If confirmed, JT follows Lady Gaga, Coldplay, Bruno Mars, Beyoncé, Katy Perry, and Madonna as recent halftime show headliners. While we wait for that announcement, we'll be over here playing NSYNC's best hits on repeat.
Courtesy Photo | NORFOLK (April 6, 2017) Rex Buffington II (left), executive director of the Stennis...... read more Courtesy Photo | NORFOLK (April 6, 2017) Rex Buffington II (left), executive director of the Stennis Center for Public Service presents the Statesman award to Lt. Cmdr. William Dougher (middle) at the Lincoln Leadership Awards dinner. The Stennis Center for Public Service is a federal legislative branch agency created by congress in 1988 to promote and strengthen public service leadership in America. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Juan Cubano/Released) see less | View Image Page
Lt. Cmdr. William Dougher was presented the Statesman Award; Senior Chief Aviation Boatswains Mate (Handling) Donovan Mahiai was presented the Union Award; and Culinary Specialist 1st Class Sonia Mance was presented the Liberty Award. The awards recognize individuals who demonstrate sustained superior performance and exhibit the most exceptional leadership skills.
“It's important we take the time to recognize those who demonstrate the characteristics of great leaders,” said Rex Buffington, executive director of Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership. “By the example these Sailors set for those around them they are helping shape and create future leaders.”
The Stennis Center for Public Service began annually presenting the Lincoln Leadership Awards to formally recognize an officer, chief petty officer and petty officer who exemplify superior and sustained leadership skills in 2011.
“It really is an honor for me to be part of the recognition of these Sailors, “said Capt. Ronald Ravelo, commanding officer of the Abraham Lincoln. “They not only exemplify characteristics of great leaders, but represent the USS Abraham Lincoln with the highest regard for Navy core values.”
“My family and I being invited to an event like this to be recognized for leadership is truly and honor,” said Mahiai. “It's good to be acknowledged by the people I look up to as leaders and peers.”
Awardees were nominated and selected by groups of their peers on board, which made the recognition even more special for those selected.
“Sailors are always watching the actions of their leaders,” said Mance. “It's important for us to set an example for those we lead.”
Crypto exchanges in India are also exploring ways to keep the crypto-to-rupee transactions running. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: Starting Friday, banks and other RBI-regulated entities will not allow any transactions in cryptocurrencies. The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to stay an RBI circular prohibiting banks and financial institutions from dealing in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The next hearing on the matter is slated for 20 July. What is important to note here is that the Supreme Court has asked RBI to consider the representations made by crypto exchanges in the matter. The exchanges have detailed to RBI how other jurisdictions have been dealing with the adoption of cryptocurrencies and how other related concerns can be addressed.
While finance minister Arun Jaitley had in his budget speech for 2018-19 said that virtual currencies are not legal tender, cryptocurrencies have not been outrightly banned.
Moreover, crypto exchanges and other stakeholders like investors are also banking on the outcome of the deliberations of a committee headed by Subhash Chandra Garg, secretary, department of economic affairs of the ministry of finance, which was set up in December 2017 to make recommendations to regulate them.
Meanwhile, the exchanges operational in India have started working on alternative ways to keep the business going. Most of the exchanges plan to turn into crypto-to-crypto trading exchanges from the existing model of crypto-to-currency trading. Some are also exploring ways to keep the crypto-to-rupee transactions running.
Nischal Shetty, founder and CEO, WazirX India, a crypto exchange, said the exchange is working towards developing a P2P platform where buyers and sellers will be able to transact among themselves. “When someone wants to buy, she will get the account details where the amount will have to be transferred. We will secure the crypto asset from the seller and once the transfer of funds is confirmed, the asset will be released to the buyer. This will eliminate frauds and as all our users are KYC-compliant, there won't be the concern of illegal transactions,” he said.
Also read: RBI window ends on 6 July. Have you exited crypto holdings yet?
The platform is not live yet. “A transfer through a banking facility to the exchange is faster. The P2P transactions will be slower,” he said.
At the same time, crypto experts are advising investors with a short-term horizon to liquidate their assets while there is still time. “We do not know how long it will take for regulations to firm up. If someone believes in the underlying technology of crypto and the long-term potential, they can stay invested. We feel like many other countries, India will also bring in regulations for crypto eventually,” said Ashish Singhal, founder and CEO, CoinSwitch, an aggregator of crypto exchanges.
Existing investors must weigh their risks, while new investors must avoid crypto investments for now.
One of Britain's best-loved comedians - Jason Manford - is finally set to make his long-overdue return to Bristol next month.
It has been some time since Manford last performed stand-up at Colston Hall, but the Manchester-born comic has certainly been keeping busy during that time. He's been on the road with the cast of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang as Caractus Potts, and has also kept Absolute Radio listeners entertained with his self-titled show on Sunday mornings.
However, Manford has decided to return to his stand-up roots and his new show, Muddle Class, will explore his start in life and journey into adulthood.
The show is set to feature a wealth of new material about Manford growing up in a working-class family, but then slowly realising across the years that part of him has firmly entered the realm of Britain's middle-class society - causing untold confusion and wry cynicism.
The new tour is guaranteed to be delivered with Manford's amiable charm and captivating wit and is certain to put a smile on your face - regardless of which class you identify with.
Jason Manford will be at Colston Hall on May 12.
Tickets, priced £29.56, go on sale on Thursday April 21 at 10am via the Colston Hall website .
The partnership of Rohit Shetty and Shah Rukh Khan has given us a blockbuster hit like Chennai Express. Fans were in wait to see their partnership weave the magic again on silver screen. Rumours were rife that Rohit and Shah Rukh will reunite again for the remake of the famous movie Angoor which got their fans excited.
But Rohit Shetty rubbished these rumours and called them baseless.In an interview to Pinkvillla when asked about a comedy movie that he would like to remake, he named Angoor. He said, “I already have the rights of Angoor. I don't know when will I get to make it. “When he was further enquired about SRK's involvement in it, he added, “If you give SRK (a film like) Angoor, he will make it into a watermelon! It's a very sweet story. But when we try to make a simple film bigger, its essence and sweetness diminish and it goes into another zone. I can go to a hill station, and make a film like Angoor in two months and come back. But I'm still wondering if I want to make a film on that scale or not.”
Angoor the rib-tickling 1982 original by Gulzar stayed with generations, especially for its unparalleled performances by Sanjeev Kumar, who played a detective and Deven Verma, who pretended to be a bhaang lover. Both characters have their twin counterparts and all hell breaks loose when they finally encounter each other.
Trending
The original movie was based on Shakespeare's play A Comedy of Errors. Shetty will work on the script along with his trusted scriptwriter Sajid-Farhad. Rohit Shetty is currently busy with his movie Simmba starring Ranveer Singh. Simmba is all set to hit the theatres on December 28, 2018.
© Sputnik / Alexander Kryazhev
Despite upsetting its fans and yielding to Belgium 0-1 at the 2018 FIFA World Cup, England managed to make it to the tournament's round of 16, where it will face Columbia on July 3.Upon returning from Russia, English football fan Matt Maybury tweeted that he was safe and sound, blaming British media for "clear propaganda" pertaining to the 2018 FIFA World Cup.Maybury's remarks came after The Independent cited a team of police spotters monitoring travelling fans as saying that there was "a good atmosphere" between supporters of England's national team and those of rival nations.In the wake of the significant deterioration of Russia-UK relations over the alleged poisoning of former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and his daughter, British media singled out a spate of troubles that foreign fans might allegedly face at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.Ahead of the tournament, The Guardian "revealed" the "darkest sides" of Russia, including alleged nationalist football hooligans and what the newspaper described as poorly-designed stadiums.In March 2018, Skripal and his daughter Yulia were found unconscious on a bench near a shopping center in the British town of Salisbury.London blamed Moscow for using what UK experts claim was the A234 nerve agent, albeit without presenting any proof. Russia has vehemently rejected the allegations as groundless. Both Skripals have already been discharged from the hospital.
Perhaps it's the juxtaposition of history and contemporary events that prompts reflection and speculation. I am riding in an Uber taxi through the streets of London, passing the great sterling attractions, Westminster Abbey, the halls of Parliament, Whitehall, Trafalgar Square. I've been chatting with the driver who has a thick African accent, and I proffer the suggestion that Brexit is at its root an anti-immigrant stand. The driver glances in his rear view, makes a quick assessment of me, and concurs. He's lived here for 31 years he tells me, and yet he feels apart from it. He is garrulous and talks easily. The great city is not a melting pot of cultures. It is as if people and events are caught and suspended in aspic. There are multiple solitudes in this bustling, frenetic metropolis. His is but one.
History peeps out of every nook and cranny in London. I take a short river cruise down the Thames to Greenwich to see the Cutty Sark, the famed nineteenth century tea clipper and the Maritime Museum nearby. The ship was sleek and polished and rejigged for the lucrative tourist trade. But below decks what struck me forcibly was the display of ships' figureheads at one end of the display area beneath the Cutty Sark. Intriguing and compelling and a tad sad. The carved wooden pieces, severed from their ships forever, looked longingly out from the display, stranded on the Greenwich shore. There were dozens of them with brilliant painted eyes, there were gods and goddesses, saintly women, fabulous animals and creatures, symbolic icons that had sailed across the seven seas until somehow they had landed here with a bump, old and odd refugees from a historical past with nowhere else to go. To me they seemed to be forlorn amputees never to return to sea, never to be free again, never more to look upon foreign harbours, and open skies, and distant guiding stars.
When and if you think about it, the true motivation behind Brexit is its anti-immigrant stance. Free movement of people across the EU is abhorrent to those who voted in favour of Brexit. Couple that with the tide of potential migrants from the Middle East, Africa, and Asia and you have the grand rationale for Brexit. It's a sad fact but true. The British Empire was built on distant shores where countries were plundered and colonized. The British treasury boasts jewels and riches that are not native to the British Isles. The treasure was taken by hook or by crook and the people colonized, but many of those colonized began to believe in the ideals that were part and parcel of the Conqueror's spiel. The streets of London town are packed with people who believed and believe in those ideals, laudable as they are. However, when you pick up one end of the stick, you pick up the other too.
But the world moves on and it can't be stopped. The world changes and the London streets are testament to a multiracial population of rich diversity and strength. Wander around Piccadilly Circus and Portobello Road and you feel the new London vibrancy, the surging colour and sound.
The British contribution to world civilization is immense. British literature and legislation provides the warp and woof of stunningly brilliant achievements. The world is richer for them and their legacy sustains us today. But within every great empire lies the seeds of its own destruction, dormant within that warp and woof. And for the British it is the hateful residue of empire that lingers and festers and ultimately destroys. And that is Britain today and Brexit is its flag. The lion is toothless now, so raise a pint at the famous Lamb and Flag in Covent Garden and toast its demise. It was a long time coming.
Odd to me that racism continues to exist — knowing how groundless and ignorant it is. You would think that everyone would celebrate the advance of civilization and condemn racism at every turn. So, what to do? Stand up for the rights of the victimized and humiliated. Expedite humane policies that help the true oppressed and deal quickly and efficiently with those who are simply breaking the queue and who are not in dire straits. Immigration policies must be fair to all.
Technology may have made great advances but humankind has not.
The ships of Empire have sailed and the figureheads are lodged for good in Greenwich. They are striking and powerful still in their mute presence — their eyes gazing across decades and centuries of times gone. They are rich and variegated in colour and shape and configuration like the living population a few miles upstream.
Frank Buchar is a management consultant and writer living in Hamilton
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Surgeons have removed seven toothbrushes from a woman's body after she swallowed them to spite her parents who forced her to get married.
The toothbrushes had to be taken out by doctors at a hospital in China because the objects were causing the woman intense stomach pain.
Hospital staff were stunned when they scanned her stomach and discovered the oral hygiene instruments lodged in her intestines.
She was immediately rushed into emergency surgery and underwent a six-hour operation that was met with difficulties as two of the toothbrushes had pierced her liver.
(Photo: AsiaWire)
The woman's ordeal began when her parents feared that she may never find a husband and pressured her into marrying so she didn't become a "leftover woman" - an embarrassing term often used to describe single Chinese women over the age of 30.
Despite being only 31, the woman from Ningde City in China's Fujian Province was set up on a blind date and introduced to a man who her parents believed would make a suitable husband.
However the woman opposed the decision and did not agree to a wedding.
Constant arguments with her mum put her on the brink of a mental breakdown which saw her start to swallow random items such as buttons, hair, hairbands and bracelets about six months ago.
It was only recently, when her family took her to see experts at Fujian Medical University that the toothbrushes were discovered.
(Photo: AsiaWire)
During surgery physician Chen Xianqiang made a large incision in the woman's abdominal wall - a laparotomy - and cited difficulties removing the objects.
Two of the toothbrushes had pierced her liver and four were lodged in her small intestine, while the remaining three had already made their way into her large intestine.
One-third of her small intestine was removed in the procedure, as well as about 20cm of her large intestine.
She is now recovering in hospital, but Dr Chen says two more operations will be required in the near future.
A man and woman were hurt after their van went off the road and into a ditch.
It happened on Monday, March 13 at about 2:10 p.m. on Lakeshore Road near County Farm Road in Sanilac County.
Investigators said a 1995 Chevrolet Astro van driven by 64-year-old Darell Pirronello of Harbor Beach was southbound on Lakeshore Road when he left the roadway and entered an east side ditch.
The van then struck a tree and came to rest in the ditch.
Pirronello was treated and released at the scene.
His passenger, 57-year-old Carol Marsiglio was taken to Harbor Beach Hospital by ambulance. A third occupant, 27-year-old Troy Davis, was not hurt.
Police did not say whether the crash was weather related.
Alcohol does not appear to be a factor, they said.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you live anywhere near Avonmouth, you may be familiar with an event that takes place at the start of each month.
Well, we say an event – it's more of an alert. And it's always at exactly the same time, the 3rd of the month, at 3pm.
But with some of these areas – particularly Portishead – attracting lots of newcomers over the past decade, hearing an 'air raid' siren in the middle of the afternoon has created a bit of confusion.
In 2017, Portishead resident Giacomo Squintani helpfully decided to post on Facebook to clear up the mystery.
Well, sort of.
He wrote: "Note for anyone who's moved to Portishead in the last month.
"Don't panic when you hear loud sirens at 3pm tomorrow (Tuesday, January 3).
"As long as you take the right precautions beforehand, you'll be fine.
"See, every month, at 3pm on the third day, an alien spaceship lands in an unused building somewhere in Avonmouth Docks, its evil crew proceeding to violently kidnap people within a few miles' radius before disappearing back to their faraway galaxy.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Obviously we don't know exact numbers, as nobody's ever returned. That notwithstanding, an educated guesstimate is that the bloodthirsty demons are not satisfied until they've captured around 250 everyday people like you and me. Like your parents, like your children. However, we are confident that they only snatch people carelessly wandering outdoors...
"...so, as long as tomorrow -and on every third day of every month- you lock yourselves in, you should be just about fine. And don't look out of your windows. Never. Look out. Of your windows. At 3pm. On the third day. Never. Ever. Ever.
"(Not in Portishead, anyway.)"
The post generated a lot of laughs – but one poster responded: "Seriously you jest, but I cr****d myself when I moved here 18 months ago......I wasn't warned! Been in a new job a few weeks and thought I was hearing things in the office!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The sound is actually the Severnside Siren and it is designed to warn people of possible incidents involving dangerous substances around Avonmouth.
It is maintained by an independent charitable organisation, the Severnside Sirens Trust, and can be heard in areas such as Portishead, Avonmouth, Shirehampton, Pilning and Severn Beach.
But providing you hear it on the 3 of the month, it's just a test (or a very big co-incidence).
The test siren includes a 3 minute "Alert" tone, 1 minute silence, and a 1 minute "All-Clear" tone.
In an actual emergency, the Police will trigger the Severnside Sirens from Police Headquarters in Portishead.
The sound of the siren will be a rising continuous note followed by a series of pulsing notes and will be sounded repeatedly while the hazard persists; and the media will be kept informed and broadcasts will be made regularly.
Official advice is to:
1. Go indoors and stay there. Do not collect children from school as they will be properly cared for.
2. Close windows and doors.
3. Listen to your local radio. Follow any instructions you are given.
4. Put out or damp down any fires & boilers. Shut down any ventilation devices.
5. Do not leave the area unless you urgently need help or you are advised to do so.
6. Do not use telephones unless you urgently need help.This will keep phone lines free for emergency use.
7. Stay indoors until you are advised otherwise or the all clear is sounded by the Severnside Sirens.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Te'o is under orders to go “fox hunting” on ­England's payback ­mission to Italy.
Worcester and 2017 Lions centre Te'o starts his first England Test this weekend since Italy outsmarted the Six Nations champions for much of his full debut in the reverse fixture at Twickenham last year.
Red Rose coach Eddie Jones was furious with the Azzurri's “ruckless” strategy — a tactic which the visitors dubbed ‘The Fox'.
The Australian labelled it “anti-rugby” and threatened to walk away from the sport if it was repeated.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: CameraSport via Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At the Stadio Olimpico ­on Sunday, Jones comes face to face with his tormentors for the first time since that awkward afternoon.
He has demanded his players are “brutal and ­absolutely ruthless” in ­exacting revenge.
Central to his ­thinking is that cross-code ­import Te'o will run straight and hard and take no ­prisoners in the Italian midfield.
“The Six Nations is a massive physical contest,” said Jones. “It's not played with the pace of other ­tournaments partly because of the weather. You've got to have that combative mindset and we want to set the tone early – with line speed in defence and hole-punching in attack.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“We want to run through them, create space, smash them at the clean-out, get on the front foot. So when they get the ball they see this white line of jerseys coming at them and there's nowhere to go.”
Without principal ball ­carriers Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes through injury, Jones needs rookie No.8 Sam Simmonds and the experienced Te'o to make the hard yards.
“I've always wanted to play Ben at 13,” he admitted. “We played him against Italy last year but ‘The Fox' got him. It got him big time.
“So he wants to go ­fox hunting this week.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
“We want to see him carry the ball and hit the line hard. If there are no foxes out there, he might have a chance.”
To make room for Te'o, Jones has had to sacrifice Jonathan Joseph — scorer of an 18-minute hat-trick the last time England were in Rome.
Te'o has not started a match of any kind since October due to injury, but so impressed was Jones by how he played for the Lions in the 31-year-old's native New Zealand that he has brought him in at the first ­opportunity.
“He was ­outstanding in the first Test,” said Jones.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“He went at Sonny Bill Williams and did some really good things. He had a significant impact and looked like a player who can win Test matches for you.”
England are 1/25 with the bookies to maintain their 100 per cent record in the ­fixture, and evens to complete a first-ever hat-trick of ­outright tournament wins.
* MATT DAWSON has paid tribute to the England scrum-halves set to remove his name from the record books.
Ben Youngs starts his 56th Test on Sunday, overtaking the World Cup winner's record for the most by an England half-back.
(Image: Getty)
Danny Care will then equal Dawson's landmark for most caps as England scrum-half if-and-when he comes off the bench to win his 77th cap.
“I couldn't think of two more deserving players to be England's most-capped and most starting scrum-halves,” said Mirror columnist Dawson.
“Primarily I'm proud to call them both my friends, and I've thoroughly enjoyed watching them help drive England's current success.
(Image: Getty)
“In such a contact-driven sport, their guile and mind for the game at the highest level is world-class and I've the utmost confidence the pair of them will taste even more success in the next year or so.
“It's a record I'm sure they would have been quietly targeting as I know how immensely proud I was to hold it. Their dedication to the game is incredible, but the journey is not yet over.
“They are desperate for the main goal of World Cup glory and I back them the whole way.”
The Fourth of July is here and once again, we are beginning to be treated to nightly fireworks. Surely, one has to ask how is this happening? We are constantly reminded of the wildfire danger but still allow this to happen. There is no such thing as safe fireworks, especially in the hands of careless people. How can our state leaders constantly push to convince others as to the danger of climate change but do nothing about banning all fireworks statewide? Would it not help that argument if they eliminated this unnecessary hazard? Not only do fireworks cause wildfires but they also pollute. Solving global warming will be a long battle, but eliminating the harm done by fireworks need not be.
John Moore, Petaluma
Reform ICE
Regarding “White House lets loose on Harris” (July 3): Kudos to Sen. Kamala Harris for standing up to the bullying tactics of the Trump administration. Attacking political opponents for their immigration stances through a White House Twitter account is a new low for the GOP and this president. Harris, our former state attorney general, knows more about U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and prosecuting MS-13 gang members than the Trump White House does. Her call for reforming ICE “from the ground up” is much needed at a time when this administration's “zero tolerance” for asylum seekers has resulted in the cruel separation of children from their parents. If Trump is still around in two years and seeks a second term in office, I'd be happy to put a “Kamala in 2020” bumper sticker on my car.
Carlos Villanueva, San Jose
Journalist safety
Concerning “A gun in the top drawer” (Open Forum, July 3): Thank you for this illuminating article on the dangers that journalists face. I'm not sure that keeping a gun in a desk drawer is the best way to ensure safety in a newsroom, but the recent horrific shooting at the Capital Gazette indicates that more measures are needed to protect journalists. President Trump needs to stop smearing our free press and doing things like retweeting a photo with the CNN logo on the bottom of a shoe. He is, intentionally or not, inciting violence against those who provide facts to the American public. His words and deeds are thoroughly unbecoming of someone who is expected to provide leadership and moral authority.
Henrik Lundquist, Larkspur
Fix income first
Regarding “More housing is the answer” (Editorial, June 28): The recent editorial in The Chronicle stating that housing is needed to solve homelessness is only partially right. Housing is just a Band-Aid for the bigger problem: income inequality. Lack of economic opportunity and excess wealth in the hands of few bring on hopelessness, helplessness and homelessness (along with crime, addiction, etc.). Tech should table the driverless cars and work on this issue if they really want to improve economic realities in this country. It would be to their (and other corporations') benefit as — if most folks can't afford their products — guess who goes out of business?
Elizabeth Guzzetta, Sloughhouse, Sacramento County
Cartoonish ads
After reading “Ads get ‘Bush' whacked” (Daily Briefing, Business, July 3), I wondered: If a Facebook algorithm thinks that ads for Bush's baked beans are political, will it do the same for Disney ads featuring Donald Duck? As for me, it's hard to decide which Donald — the duck or the president — is more cartoonish.
Demetrius McDaniel, Oakland
Bipartisan solution
Regarding “Environmental progress could stall with new court” (June 30): I applaud the author for bringing to light the importance of the judiciary in helping to protect our environment. It's worth noting, however, that the courts are not our only means of protecting our environment. If we could pass simple, transparent carbon-pricing legislation through Congress, then we wouldn't need to have questions about the authority of the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gases. Indeed, carbon pricing would force free markets to fully account for the externalities of burning fossil fuels, and it would encourage innovation as companies sought to carve out a bigger stake in the clean-energy economy. This would require an about-face from Republicans who have long denied climate change; however, as the newly formed Americans for Carbon Dividends shows, the tide may be turning in favor this type of bipartisan solution to climate change.
Jonathan Maltz, San Francisco
Don't get bullied
Concerning “Running Against Brooks: You may run a risk” (June 22): I have a message for Oakland City Council candidate Loren Taylor. Do as Sen. Elizabeth Warren did to the GOP bullies who tried to silence her from speaking: “Persist!” Nobody likes bullies.
Naomi Karlin, Oakland
UNTED STATES.- A man charged with slaying five people at a Maryland newspaper sent three letters on the day of the attack, police said, including one that said he was on his way to the Capital Gazette newsroom with the aim “of killing every person present.”
Sgt. Jacklyn Davis, a spokeswoman for Anne Arundel County police, said the letters were received Monday. They were mailed to an attorney for The Capital newspaper, a retired judge of the Maryland Court of Special Appeals and a Baltimore judge.
The letter Ramos sent to the Annapolis newspaper's Baltimore-based lawyer was written to resemble a legal motion for reconsideration of his unsuccessful 2012 defamation lawsuit against the paper, a columnist and then-publisher Tom Marquardt.
Marquardt shared a copy of the letter with The Associated Press.
“If this is how the Maryland Judiciary operates, the law now means nothing,”Ramos wrote. He quoted a description of the purpose of a defamation suit, saying it was intended for a defamed person to “resort to the courts for relief instead of wreaking his own vengeance.”
“'That' is how your judiciary operates, you were too cowardly to confront those lies, and this is your receipt,” Ramos wrote.
He signed it under the chilling statement: “I told you so.” Below that, he wrote that he was going to the newspaper's office “with the objective of killing every person present.”
In a letter attached to what appeared to be the faux court filing, he also directly addressed retired special appeals court Judge Charles Moylan, who decided against Ramos in his defamation case. Ramos sued the paper after pleading guilty to harassing a high school classmate. “Welcome, Mr. Moylan, to your unexpected legacy: YOU should have died,” he wrote. He signed it: “Friends forever, Jarrod W. Ramos.” Douglas Colbert, a University of Maryland law professor, described the letters as “very powerful” evidence of intent that the state will make full use of at trial. Colbert said as long as it's established in court that Ramos authored the letters, they will be used to show his “planning and deliberate actions”on the day of the attack.
The apparent admissions by the defendant will weaken a defense lawyer's strategy of suggesting that he was “suffering from a mental disease or defect” that would impair his ability to understand the consequences of his actions, Colbert said.
Ramos, 38, has a well-documented history of harassing the paper's journalists. The defamation suit was thrown out as groundless, and he often railed against current and former Capital staff in profanitylaced tweets. Police found him hiding under a desk after Thursday's attack and jailed him on five counts of first-degree murder.
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
These photos, taken from old slides and sent to us via ReportIt from John Garvin, show the University of Connecticut in Storrs as students reacted to the historic storm. Garvin says at the time, no one knew just how bad the storm was going to be. (WTNH/ReportIt/John Garvin)
A giant loader shovels a load of snow for waiting trucks as snow removal operations continued in Hartford and throughout Connecticut, Feb. 8, 1978. A monster snowstorm dumped as much as 20 inches on the state Monday and Tuesday. (AP Photo/Bob Child)
This message was dug out in the snow on the surface of a lake in Montville, Connecticut, Feb. 8, 1978. It asked for Gov. Ella T. Grasso's help in the state's snow emergency. The author of the message was unknown, but it got across to the governor who saw it as she flew over the lake on a helicopter tour of eastern Connecticut. (AP Photo/Bob Child)
The first vehicle rolls out of a military transport plane as U.S. Army troops from Ft. Hood, Texas, arrive at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, Conn., Feb. 8, 1978. The Army detachment had been sent to assist in snow removal operations in Connecticut after a 24-hour blizzard hit the Northeast on Feb. 6. (AP Photo/Bob Child, file)
A front end loader is parked outside the giant U.S. Air Force cargo plane from which it was unloaded at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, Ct., as the first plane load of U.S. Army personnel and equipment arrived, Feb. 9, 1978. The Army detachment from Ft. Hood, Texas, will aid in clearing away snow from the blizzard which hit Connecticut earlier in the week. (AP Photo/Bob Child)
Two members of the U.S. Army 27th Engineers from Fort Bragg, N.C. move their bulldozers slowly toward downtown Boston as the city began to remove the record snowfall from the streets, seen in this Feb. 11, 1978 file photo. (AP Photo/file)
Cars and trucks stranded and abandoned in deep snow along Route 128 in Dedham, Mass., are seen in this Feb. 9, 1978 photo, as military and civilian plows begin to dig them out during the blizzard of 1978. (AP Photo)
Roy Sodersjerna of Higham, Mass. suns himself on the hood of his car which is stuck in snow on Massachusetts Route 128 in Dedham, Mass. in this Feb. 9, 1978 file photo. Sodersjerna, who waits for plows and tow trucks to dig him out, has been living at a Red Cross shelter nearby since being trapped in the storm three days earlier. (AP Photo/File)
Escaped Horses Clog Traffic In Metro Atlanta
An eastbound highway was blocked by a herd of horses, trotting down the middle of the road. They had escaped from the Little Creek Horse Farm. Police helped coral them and get them home.
NOEL KING, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Noel King with a story for your morning commute. The metro Atlanta area is known for traffic jams. This weekend, traffic was held up not because of cars but because of horses. An eastbound highway was blocked by a herd of horses trotting down the middle of the road. They had escaped from the Little Creek Horse Farm. Police helped corral them and get them home. The farm leader said the horses were a little sore but no serious injuries. It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
President Trump Unveils Plan To Fight Opioid Crisis An estimated 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in the United States in 2016 — the vast majority of those were from heroin or synthetic opioids. New Hampshire is one of the states the hardest hit by the epidemic and on Monday President Trump unveiled his plan to fight the crisis.
CLOSE According to a federal study released on Tuesday, one in every five middle and high school students has complained of being bullied at school, while the number of reported incidents of sexual assaults on college campuses has more than tripled over the past ten years. Wochit
People are pouring out support on social media for Keaton Jones, a Union County boy who appeared in a viral anti-bullying video. (Photo: Screenshot from video posted by Keaton's mother, Kimberly Jones)
Keaton Jones has a lot of new friends.
Among them: UFC President Dana White, "Captain America" actor Chris Evans, pop star Justin Bieber, Millie Bobby Brown aka "Eleven" from "Stranger Things," Fox News host Sean Hannity, rapper Snoop Dogg, a slew of professional athletes in various sports, and countless people on the internet, apparently.
Keaton, a sixth-grader at Horace Maynard Middle School in Maynardville in Union County, sparked a national conversation about bullying after a video of him went viral over the weekend.
More: Crying East Tennessee boy's viral anti-bullying video attracts attention of Vols, Titans
Keaton's mother, Kimberly Jones, filmed him crying in the passenger seat of a vehicle after she said she picked him up from school "AGAIN" because he was afraid to go to lunch. "Keaton asked to do this," Jones wrote in a Facebook post on Friday.
In the video, Keaton said other students made fun of the way he looks, poured milk on him, put ham down his clothes and said he had no friends.
"People that are different don't need to be criticized about it," Keaton said. "It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Stay strong I guess. It's hard. But it'll probably get better one day."
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White (@danawhite) December 10, 2017
That day might just be today.
As of Sunday evening, Keaton's video had more than 18.5 million views and had been shared more than 369,000 times on Facebook. His message resonated with an eclectic mix of celebrities, who responded by condemning bullying, sharing their own experiences and lauding Keaton for his courage.
More: Principal responds to viral Kenton Jones bullying video: 'It's not as rampant as the video would have you believe'
Horace Maynard Principal Greg Clay told a News Sentinel reporter on Monday that he wasn't aware of Keaton being bullied repeatedly, and said the problem of bullying at the school is "not as rampant as the video would have you believe."
Clay said the incident described in the video was resolved weeks ago, and said disciplinary action was taken against the children who bullied Keaton. He said he couldn't give specifics.
"I'm sorry it's like this," Clay said. "We all sympathize with Keaton and we're doing everything we can to make sure it never happens again. Everybody saw the video and it was horrible. We don't want anyone to feel like that. Keaton's a good kid. We'll take care of him."
The USA TODAY NETWORK - Tennessee has not been able to reach Kimberly Jones.
The reaction
Jarrett Guarantano, a University of Tennessee Vols quarterback, tweeted a picture with his "new best bud" on Sunday evening.
"So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton," Guarantano wrote. "It was unbelievable to get to know him and realize that we have a lot in common. This dude is very special and has changed my life forever. Now I have the little brother I always wanted! God bless you my man."
So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton. It was unbelievable to get to know him and realize that we have a lot in common. This dude is very special and has changed my life forever. Now I have the little brother I always wanted! God bless you my man pic.twitter.com/vMHVtnf2rC — Jarrett Guarantano✞ (@BroadwayJay2) December 11, 2017
Dana White said he wants to bring Keaton to Las Vegas to hang out at UFC headquarters. In a video posted to the official UFC Twitter account, various fighters spoke about bullying and offered words of support to Keaton.
In a tweet, the president's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., called Keaton "incredibly brave" and said he "would be honored" to host Keaton and his family if they take White up on his offer.
This boy is incredibly brave and the video really got to me. @danawhite, If he takes you up on your offer to see UFC Headquarters, I would be honored to host him and his family at our place if they need somewhere to stay. https://t.co/EWx05o0yI0 — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) December 11, 2017
Chris Evans invited Keaton and his mom to the premier of the new "Avengers" movie in Los Angeles next year.
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Sean Hannity said he wants to fly Keaton and his parents to New York City to visit Fox News.
If someone can get to me the name of the school, the principal, school board members i will gladly make the calls myself and fix this. Also if anyone knows Keaton and his parents, i will gladly fly them to NYC to be my guest & visit Fox News. https://t.co/uFyp2r2Yn7 — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) December 10, 2017
"Walking Dead" actor Tom Payne invited Keaton to a "Walker Stalker Con" show in Nashville.
We hear you #KeatonJones. I was bullied constantly growing up. And could never have put into words what you have. It does get better. And it gets better because of who are and what you know and how you share it with all of us. Thank you for your courage. https://t.co/P4cCQtkAnB — Patrick J Adams (@halfadams) December 9, 2017
The outpouring of support went on and on.
This broke my 💔 today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeatonhttps://t.co/8XBbFmnuc1 — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) December 10, 2017
Keaton, this is so accurate. Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome ❤️ https://t.co/LD7Q762bL9 — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) December 9, 2017
.@lakyn_jones Hey Keaton, bullies are the ones with the problems NOT you. Many are bullied at home and pass it on. Cowards always need an audience. Be strong! I'll come walk the hall and eat lunch with you anytime. #IstandwithKeaton#Keatonstrong#KeatonJones — Dr. Phil (@DrPhil) December 10, 2017
Hey #KeatonJones Just saw your video about the tough time you're going through. Not sure if you're a Walking Dead fan but if it happens that you are then please be in touch as I would love to see you and your family @WalkrStalkrCon show in Nashville next year. On me. X — Tom Payne (@justanactor) December 10, 2017
Little buddy, I was bullied when I was a kid. You are right #ItGetsBetter! You are my own personal superhero. Protect Yo Heart. You got a pal in the Hulk. https://t.co/fRTAENcmV4 — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) December 10, 2017
keaton, i'm so sorry you're being treated this way. you don't deserve one ounce of this pain. they would be 💫lucky💫 to be friends with you. it'll get better. #KeatonJones#KeatonJonesIsAwesomehttps://t.co/IZoJQ60eY2 — Monica Lewinsky (@MonicaLewinsky) December 10, 2017
@DonteStallworth@Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
#KeatonJones, your curiosity and kindness will overcome this moment and bring you many better days to come. #StandWithKeatonhttps://t.co/8t4ojKLs72 — Ryan Seacrest (@RyanSeacrest) December 10, 2017
Keaton you are a handsome young man who is made in the image God. The kids that bully you are very insecure about themselves. And it's a shame that the parents of those kids won't be accountable for their kids actions. Keaton Jones I'm here for you buddy. Be Strong young man — ANTONIO CROMARTIE (@CRO31) December 10, 2017
Anyone who has ever been bullied please watch and share this. If nothing else I want to personally help Keaton Jones from having to go thru this again. I went thru a lot of this myself as a kid and it really sucks! Ur not alone. https://t.co/dBHP2Tka6t — Gabriel Iglesias (@fluffyguy) December 10, 2017
Keaton jones you are a hero. This extremely raw and real moment has brought hope and truth to so many people. Be you and be forever fearless. Never give up. You are loved! — kevin jonas (@kevinjonas) December 10, 2017
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Reporter Rachel Ohm contributed to this story.
Reporter Travis Dorman can be reached at 865-342-6315 or at travis.dorman@knoxnews.com. Follow him on Twitter @travdorman.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2kiCcrp
"For Sen. Clinton, something is true if it validates the myth of her striving and her "greatness" (her overweening ambition in other words) and only ceases to be true when it no longer serves that limitless purpose. And we are all supposed to applaud the skill and the bare-faced bravado with which this is done."
"Indifferent to truth, willing to use police-state tactics and vulgar libels against inconvenient witnesses, hopeless on health care, and flippant and fast and loose with national security: The case against Hillary Clinton for president is open-and-shut."
Reading about former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in every digital morning newspaper each day, I cannot help but wonder. Has the world lost the capability to classify war criminals? Why is has this wretch not been dragged screaming and kicking in front a jury of peers?When you read about Hillary Clinton being the cause of slavery being revived in Libya on USA Today, you know her exact crimes against humanity must be much, much worse. When the mainstream condemns the cheerleader of the U.S. backed liberal world order, the hidden truths behind the curtain must surely be biblical. But African men being sold at slave auctions in the North African state formerly run by the now deceased Moammar Gadhafi show Clinton's role in humanity undone.. It was Clinton who helped Barack Obama fishtail on President George W. Bush's 2003 agreement with Gadhafi, to leave Libya alone. But the Arab Spring regime change game had to start, and it was Clinton who pledged to her handlers she'd get the job done.Later, we learned through WikiLeaks of the scandalous Clinton organization, and of adviser Sidney Blumenthal encouraging her to tout her "successful strategy" as evidence of her fitness to serve as President of the United States.Fast forward to today, and the United States is not trusted by any deal. The world of a U.S. politician is absolutely meaningless, no matter how much money is attached. No wonder North Korea is forting up with its nukes. Nowadays Clinton is romping about America signing books for the throng of vagina hat wearing fanatics. And she's bouncing up and down cheering NBC host Matt Lauer's firing as "karma" for being mean to her during the presidential debates. I guess the fired The Today Show host had better look over his shoulder from now on for fear of stray bullets and runaway cars.I haven't the time or space here to go over all of Hillary Clinton's crimes and misdemeanors.God knows what this woman is guilty of really. What we do know is that the media has colluded to assist she and Bill for decades now. Fox News just reported on the alleged FBI cover-up when the agency was looking into Hillary Clinton's use of a "personal" email server to send, receive and store classified information. The Fox report tells of former President Bill Clinton engineered a meeting with President Obama's attorney general, Loretta Lynch, on the tarmac of the Phoenix Airport on June 27, 2016. The Trump Dossier that media and congress made so much of, FBI Director Comey is now seen as directly blocking the investigation of Clinton. As I type this, Fox's Sean Hannity is breaking news about this alleged cover-up. Furthermore, this story via The Hill tells of Maryland's former chief federal prosecutor, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein failing to interview the undercover informant in the FBI's Russian nuclear bribery case before it filed criminal charges in the case in 2014.I am not sure how Hillary Clinton was ever allowed to enter the American system of government in the first place. She probably sold her soul to the devil. The woman is a pathological liar, a mean manhater, and the most arrogant female politician I have ever seen. Look at her statements via PolitiFact She's living and breathing proof, America just does not care anymore. Her husband Bill was getting sexual favors from an intern in the Oval Office, and she did not even have the dignity to divorce his lying ass. And the big vagina hat wearers worship still, her dedication to the man she loathes.She claimed she landed in Bosnia under sniper fire when husband Bill destroyed Yugoslavia for good. She left the security of the people of the United States of America on a home office server.The Clintons turned the IRS into a "gestapo" against their enemies. Hillary hired private investigators to get dirt on her husband's "squeezes", don't forget "Pay for Play" and the auctions Hillary held on taxpayer purchased items, or Filegate, ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, and Vince Foster's mysterious death, the aforementioned EmailGate, ChinaGate, TravelGate, Whitewater, PardonGate, Hillary's cash cows and 9,987 percent profit, more dead Clinton associates, Saul Alinsky, Iranian fundraising cash, endless Clinton Foundation scandals, Benghazi, her Watergate firing, and GiftGate - nobody reading this can name a politician in history with more scandals attached. This story by the great Christopher Hitchens on Slate sums up the disgust Americans should have when they hear the name Hillary Clinton. At the summit of the psychopath Clinton's arrogance is Hitchens' tale of Hillary claiming she was named after the legendary Sir Edmund Hillary, who was the first to ascend Mt. Everest. Hitchens went on describing the pathology of Clinton lying:The now deceased Hitchens goes on to describe the veritable trailer trash that took residence in the White House, and the sexual deviant and smartass America set on the world. The eloquent journalist went on to stamp into Clinton's hide the brand of liar, liar, and pitifully inadequate liar when then Senator Clinton wanted the presidency the first time:Right here is where the reader with senses attached should cry, "String her up!" just like in the old days. And others among us should admonish weeping liberals; "Shame on you. Shame on you all for presenting the world such an evil candidate." Donald Trump would have to have horns and a long spiked tail to be worse than Hillary.Now tell me, is America "done" or what?
Much has changed in the two years since the Giant Tiger expansion was launched. Sears Canada failed, liberating more real estate and leaving $2 billion in sales on the table for enterprising competitors to fight over. Haig says a portion of those Sears shoppers have switched to shopping at Giant Tiger. That's the good news.
The bad news is that Dollarama is continuing its relentless expansion across the nation, with more than 1,300 stores and counting. And there's a new kid on the discount block: Miniso. The Chinese retailer debuted in Canada in 2017 with plans to rapidly expand to 500 stores in three years. It doesn't play in all the same categories as Giant Tiger, but it does compete for the novelty buys, where opportunities are rife to make a hefty profit.
Giant Tiger believes it has a competitive advantage in its franchisees, who have a deep knowledge of the communities where their stores are located. If they don't already have retail experience, they work at Giant Tiger to acquire it.
"We've got some store owners that have been in areas for 30 years and probably know 40 per cent of the customers by their first name," Haig says. "We have some store owners that could be elected mayor because they've been that long in the community."
Importantly, company spokesperson Alison Scarlett says, Giant Tiger listens to franchisees and respects their feedback and opinions on the business and their markets.
"Respect is the cornerstone of who we are as a retailer," Scarlett says.
Jamie McLean, a franchisee owner in Hamilton, was at Zellers for 16 years before joining Giant Tiger 10 years ago. By the time he purchased a Giant Tiger franchise in 2016, he'd worked at 30 different stores, building up his relationships with other managers and owners.
He thinks the store size at Giant Tiger is one reason for the high level of customer loyalty the retailer enjoys.
"There is a relationship and a bond with customers that I have never seen in my entire retail career and I have to think it has to do with the size of our footprint and just being able to interact with them. It's just a great thing," McLean said.
Once a year, their best customers at all stores are invited to shop, at a discount and after hours, in a store that has been closed to the general public.
Founder Gordon Reid, who opened the first Giant Tiger store in Ottawa in 1961, remains at the helm as chairperson and CEO. Now in his 80s, he still comes into the office every day and is involved in the strategic decisions and direction of the company. He is media-averse and declined to be interviewed for this story. But it was always his dream to run a discount retail empire.
"What is motivating him? I guess you could say the same thing as Warren Buffett, I think," Haig says.
"Gordon loves it. He lives and breathes Giant Tiger. He's in every day. Don't forget, he built it. It's his baby and he went from one store to 240 plus stores. I think it's amazing that he comes in and has such vim and vigour and gets excited about an item selling, or a store is up x amount per cent," said Haig.
Sally Seston, managing director at Retail Category Consultants, believes Giant Tiger has room to grow in Canada.
"I think they've combined sort of the treasure hunt that you would get at a Costco or at a winner; they've combined that idea of the treasure hunt with some staples — some of them are private label, but some of them are also national brands that people are looking for — like Levi's," Seston says.
But while Giant Tiger likes to promote its Canadian roots, Seston doesn't think waving the Canadian flag translates into ringing up sales at the cash register. While patriotism is nice to have, research has shown it's not high on the list of things consumers are looking for when they shop. Price and value come first.
"I would love a second-floor laundry, but the truth is that when I am looking for a home, I am not buying a house for a second-floor laundry if it doesn't have enough bedrooms. I'm not shopping at a store because it's Canadian if it means it's more expensive or if it's way out of my way," Seston says.
Retail consultant Maureen Atkinson, senior adviser at J.C. Williams Group Global Retail Advisors, says the brand has carved out a niche for itself in Canada.
"I think they kind of fly under the radar. They're not in big cities. They're not in expensive real estate," Atkinson says. "It seems to work for them."
The weather is scorching hot - perfect for a picnic.
Are you looking for somewhere to lay out a picnic?
Read more: /top-five-lancashire-beaches-to-sunbathe-in-this-hot-weather-1-9232733 and /top-five-ice-cream-parlours-in-lancashire-to-keep-you-cool-1-9232685
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — As Alabama's high-profile Senate race heads toward a Tuesday vote, supporters and opponents of GOP candidate Roy Moore are bending the truth — or shattering it to pieces — in the campaign's final stretch.
One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Another erroneously reported that a Moore accuser “forged” his yearbook inscription to her. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to assert, erroneously, that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts:
NOT REAL: BREAKING: Roy Moore's Lying Accuser Admits He Didn't Ever Touch Her
THE FACTS: None of the women who accused the Alabama Republican Senate candidate of sexual misconduct, including two women who said Moore molested them, have backed off their initial claims. This fake headline is from a website, Reagan Was Right, which promotes hoaxes and satire. The woman featured in a photograph accompanying the story shows a British reality TV star, not any of the eight women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct.
NOT REAL: Claims that Roy Moore authored a textbook in 2011 that says women shouldn't run for office
THE FACTS: Moore is in fact a co-author of a “textbook” which serves as a study guide for a series of Bible-based video and audio lectures on U.S. law and public policy. The course packaging also identifies him as a “featured speaker.” Despite claims spread on the web this week, however, Moore did not author the specific section or deliver the lecture that argues that women should not hold elected office. That talk was given by William Einwechter, an elder at Immanuel Free Reformed Church in Pennsylvania. Moore's office says he does not believe that women are unqualified for public office.
NOT REAL: BREAKING: ROY MOORE ACCUSER ADMITS SHE FORGED PART OF YEARBOOK INSCRIPTION!!!
THE FACTS: Moore supporters celebrated misleading news that Beverly Nelson, one of his accusers, “forged” a 1977 yearbook inscription that was considered key evidence against the Alabama Republican. The inscription reads, “To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say, ‘Merry Christmas.'” It is followed by the signature “Roy Moore D.A.” and the notation “12-22-77 Olde Hickory House.” Nelson's attorney, Gloria Allred, said Friday that Nelson had added the date and restaurant name to the inscription. However, Allred also said that a handwriting expert found Moore's signature in the yearbook to be authentic.
___
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
___
This is part of The Associated Press' ongoing effort to fact-check misinformation that is shared widely online, including work with Facebook to identify and reduce the circulation of false stories on the platform.
___
Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BSF concluded its bi-annual four-day talks with their counterparts, Border Guard Bangladesh this week. Photo: HT
New Delhi: India has identified 140 vulnerable locations, deployed more security personnel and surveillance gadgets, and launched a “campaign” against organised criminal gangs that help Rohingya sneak across the India-Bangaldesh border, the Border Security Force (BSF) chief said on Friday.
BSF concluded its bi-annual four-day talks with their counterparts, Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB), and chalked out plans to keep a vigil on the “spillover effect of the Rohingya crossing over to India.” BSF director general (DG) K.K. Sharma and the visiting BGB chief, Maj Gen Abul Hossain, addressed the media at the end of their talks that began after the Bangaldeshi delegation arrived in New Delhi on 2 October.
The BGB DG said they have assured the BSF that the policy of the Bangladeshi government is very clear and “does not allow” their soil to be used for any kind of terrorist activity, neither in their country nor against its neighbour India. Hossain said his country was also planning to have a fenced border with Myanmar.
Sharma said both the sides discussed the issue of Rohingya. “We are both aware that the issue is very very serious as large number of Rohingya have entered Bangladesh. You are very right in apprehending that the spillover effect of the Rohingya crossing over to India is also very genuine. Both of us (BSF-BGB) have taken steps. The BGB has ensured that their (Rohingya) movement is being regulated and they have mounted some ‘nakas' and check posts on various routes to ensure that they do not cross over to our side,” the BSF DG said.
He added that “140 vulnerable border posts” along the 4,096-km long India-Bangaldesh border—that can be exploited for illegal crossing over of Rohingya—have been identified by the BSF. These posts, Sharma said, are being “strengthened by us by deploying more manpower and by technological inputs and gadgets.”
The surveillance equipments, the BSF chief said, have been “diverted” from other BSF posts and deployed all along the eastern frontier. “We are also in touch with our sister agencies, the intelligence agencies, to identify and take action against the touts. Because, these people (Rohingya) cannot come on their own. There are organised criminals on both the sides who assist in their crossing over to India. So, we are mounting the campaign against the touts,” DG Sharma said.
He added that the border guarding force has “sensitised” the local population to inform them about people trespassing across the border. The BSF DG said the force is constantly in touch with the BGB on a daily basis. “...our commanders on the border can speak to each other quickly and share intelligence on any movement of Rohingya.”
The BGB DG said his country has already begun the mandatory registration of all Rohingya entering Bangladesh. “This is a problem in Myanmar and this is not our problem. Five lakh people have already come to Bangladesh. But, this is a problem for our country also...they (Rohingya) cannot spread all over the country. Our government has taken a decision and the Rohingya have been put in the Cox's Bazar district,” he said, adding they have identified the exit and entry points (of Rohingya) which are being guarded properly.
“We have started the registration of these people...we have declared that anybody without registration will not be given any facilities. We have also informed our people in the country to inform about any such person to law enforcement agencies,” Hossain said.
He added that Myanmar has told Bangladesh that they will “soon form a joint working committee to find out Rohingya and take them back.
IT Modernization - April 24, 2018 https://federalnewsradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Insight-of-the-month-042418.mp3
In a governmentwide initiative to update IT systems, the Federal Aviation Administration is not immune. Its Mission Support Services, which are part of the agency's Air Traffic Organization, are undergoing modernization efforts of their own.
Mission support includes networks and infrastructure for everything besides air traffic control, as well as non-operations activities such as regulations, grants and commercial space. Jim Stroiney, acting deputy chief information officer at FAA, said most of the air traffic control systems are funded through capital investment and the mission support work is largely supported with operations dollars.
FAA has several hundred applications in the Mission Support Services domain, and Stroiney said the agency hopes to shrink that number. Some duplicative applications exist in finance and mission areas such as data analysis on safety information, he said.
“The real fundamental similarity that they had was that they were all doing some form of workflow and data analysis,” Stroiney said on Federal Insights: IT Modernization. “And that's really where the driver's going to be for us to be able to move forward is to identify what those business needs are, the workflows that they used and the data analytics that they need, and identify common platforms that we can give them all the same level of capability and access to the same data.”
Advertisement
Salient CRGT Inc., a Fairfax, Virginia-based firm, was awarded a subcontract by Karsun Solutions for $29 million to support FAA's Office of Information Technology software solution delivery, according to an announcement from Salient on March 27.
Karsun had previously won a $145 million contract from the agency in October to provide technical support services for the agency's Office of Information Technology. That company's software solution delivery support services will help with enterprise-wide software application and database development, according to a statement from Karsun.
“The goal here is to really modernize across the entire portfolio that we have,” Stroiney said on Federal Drive with Tom Temin. “We're still today dealing with the fact that we have a number of applications that have some sort of similar functions and features. And that portfolio management, as well as the improvement of that portfolio, is really essential to us.”
A cloud-based future
Programming languages at Mission Support Services are mostly modern, but the agency is interested in shifting to cloud technology. Stroiney said this would allow staff to store data in the same place, rather than the siloed databases currently in use.
One modernization goal for the next few years is to stand up “enterprise information management.” Stroiney said this strategy will help FAA make data more accessible across the agency and kick-start the reduction of its application portfolio.
Shifting to the cloud requires decisions about what to do with legacy systems, which includes two data centers. Determining what — if any — new programs to build and how to move them into the cloud as quickly as possible is also key, he said.
Stroiney said cloud technology is more service-based than data centers, meaning Mission Support can swap out new services. But he cautioned against “cloud sprawl,” or going too far too fast with the technology.
“That cloud environment continues to rapidly evolve and it's hard to keep up,” he said. “Even things — technologies that we thought we were going to implement last year have already changed and we're choosing some new things this year that we're going to implement.”
Drones drive need for bridge with industry
Stroiney said the speed at which Mission Support Services builds its systems is “tremendously faster” than ever before, with cloud technology, Agile and DevOps being enablers of modernization. One digital service the agency needed to — and did — stand up quickly was FAA's drone registry.
“I think that what we're really seeing in the whole drone world is that things are merging quickly,” Stroiney said. “Part of it is actually the push from industry.”
He said the agency need bridges the gap with those companies, as regular aviation partners, such as Boeing, are now less common than Google, Amazon and DJI when it comes to drone manufacturing and delivery.
“They really are breaking into new spaces here,” Stroiney said. “And what we're doing now is really figuring out, okay, we have a green field to work with from both an IT standpoint and a policy and regulatory standpoint.”
Sasikala has been in Parapana Agrahara central jail since February this year after the Supreme Court upheld her conviction by a special court in a disproportionate assets case. Photo: AFP
Chennai/ Bengaluru: Sidelined All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) leader V.K. Sasikala, who is serving a four-year jail term in Bengaluru for possession of assets disproportionate to her income, was on Friday granted parole for five days to meet her ailing husband M. Natarajan.
The parole was granted on condition that she would not be involved in any political, public or party activities. Sasikala would not be allowed to interact with the media either.
“During the emergency parole you are restricted only to visit the hospital where your husband is admitted and stay at the residence as mentioned in your application,” said a statement by prison officials.
Sasikala had sought 15 days' parole citing her husband Natarajan's ill health. The jail officials rejected the application on 2 October, stating that it was incomplete, and a fresh petition was filed.
The 74-year-old Natarajan underwent a kidney and liver transplant earlier this week.
Sasikala was lodged in the Bengaluru jail in February after the Supreme Court upheld her conviction by a lower court in the disproportionate assets case.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apple's Airdrop feature has many uses - from sending photos and videos to sharing contacts and map locations with friends.
But an alarming new trend is seeing sex pests use AirDrop to send explicit photos of their genitalia to commuters on the New York subway.
The trend first started in London in 2015 but has now made its way across the pond, according to a report in the New York Post .
Britta Carlson, 28, told the newspaper that she was was riding the uptown 6 trains to a concert on July 27 when a mysterious message popped up on her smartphone.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
"iPhone 1 would like to share a note with you," read the note. She hit "Accept" and was horrified by what she saw.
"It was just a huge close-up picture of a disgusting penis," said Carlson, of Bushwick, Brooklyn. The message was titled "Straw" and was sent by an anonymous stranger.
"It really felt like someone had actually just flashed me."
Frankie Navisch, 35, told the paper he had just got off a train at Penn Station when an invitation to open "Eduardo's picture", with a preview photo of a man's penis, popped up on his screen.
(Image: Photonica World)
The future of flashing: How cyber-pervs are exposing themselves in public without getting naked
"I wanted to punch him in the mouth for carelessly buckshotting genitalia to phones that could potentially be owned by children," said Navisch.
"Was he looking for interaction, or is all he wanted was someone to look at his mini-monstrosity?"
AirDrop uses a combination of Bluetooth and WiFi to send files between iPhone users within a short range of each other.
Users can adjust their AirDrop settings to receive files from "Everyone", "Contacts Only" or "Receiving Off".
(Image: Apple)
If you choose to receive filed from "Everyone", then all nearby iOS devices using AirDrop can see your device and send files to your phone anonymously.
This makes it particularly attractive to perverts and exhibitionists, who can expose themselves to strangers without getting caught.
Often people forget they have left their AirDrop on, which means they can get a nasty surprise when one of these pictures pops up on their screen.
“In the past, flashers would have to go out in public in a trench coat and risk getting arrested,” said Brad Salzman, a sex-addiction therapist. "Now . . . their minds can run wild.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME 29-year-old man shot in Wilmington | 0:32 Police say the victim of a shooting on Vandever Avenue early Tuesday is in stable condition. He had been shot in the thigh. William Bretzger/The News Journal 1 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Raw Video: Police agencies investigate explosion in Elsmere | 0:30 Several law enforcement agencies are assisting Elsmere Police in an incident in the 700 block of Baltimore Avenue. 3/12/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 2 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Shooting in Ogletown injures one early Friday morning | 0:24 One person was injured in a shooting in the Chestnut Hill Estates in Ogletown early Friday morning. William Bretzger and Daniel Sato/The News Journal 3 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Home invasion leads to drug dealing arrest | 1:40 After three men break into Thomas Brook's home, shots were fired. Police respond to the shooting, and discover heroin, cocaine, and an illegal handgun. Courtesy of Delaware Department of Justice 4 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME ID Channel to run feature on Fahey murder | 1:15 The ID channel will air a new episode of "Vanity Fair Confidential" dedicated to the Thomas Capano trial on Monday night. 2/26/18 Courtesy of Investigation Discovery 5 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Wilmington police: Market St. death under investigation | 0:22 Police are investigating the death of a person found Sunday morning in Wilmington. 2/26/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME One shot Wednesday night in Wilmington | 0:29 Wilmington police investigate at Lancaster Avenue and South Clayton Street after a man was shot in the back Wednesday night. Jerry Habraken/The News Journal 7 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Youth arrested in Middletown shooting death | 0:33 Middletown police say a juvenile male is in custody and will be charged in the shooting death of a man Sunday night. 2/19/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 8 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Restaurant owner charged with raping an underage employee | 0:39 Marco Rizzo is also charged sexually assaulting an employee in 2016 and also with attempting to dissuade a person from giving testimony at a proceeding. 2/15/18 Esteban Parra & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 9 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Two found dead in Brandywine Village home | 0:26 Wilmington police are investigating the deaths of two people at a home in Wilmington's Brandywine Village neighborhood. John J. Jankowski Jr. and Daniel Sato 10 of 10 Last VideoNext Video 29-year-old man shot in Wilmington
Raw Video: Police agencies investigate explosion in Elsmere
Shooting in Ogletown injures one early Friday morning
Home invasion leads to drug dealing arrest
ID Channel to run feature on Fahey murder
Wilmington police: Market St. death under investigation
One shot Wednesday night in Wilmington
Youth arrested in Middletown shooting death
Restaurant owner charged with raping an underage employee
Two found dead in Brandywine Village home
Buy Photo Pictures are students at Newark High School join students across the country as part of the National Walkout last week to protest gun violence. On Monday, police were investigating a threat made online about a shooting at Newark High School. (Photo: Tom Nutter, Special to The News Journal)Buy Photo
Police are investigating a threat made online about a shooting at Newark High School.
Newark police said they received the threat Monday morning from high school officials around 6:45 a.m. but have not encountered any incidents or threats on campus.
There is an increased police presence at the high school for security, police said. Detectives are investigating the threat and working with the Christina School District.
This threat, according to Newark police, is different than one state and Wilmington police responded to earlier Monday. There were rumors a Delaware "DuPont School" would be the target of a shooting based on social media posts, police said.
That threat was determined to be about the DuPont Middle School in Chicopee, Massachusetts, unrelated to Delaware. Wilmington police called it "false information."
State police said there was an increased police presence Monday morning at A.I. DuPont High School, A.I. DuPont Middle School and H.B. DuPont Middle School as a precaution and to address any questions or concerns from parents and students.
KEEP READING
Police: rumors of threat to DE 'DuPont school' unfounded
Students brave cold to support ousted Padua leader
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/03/19/police-investigating-shooting-threat-newark-high-school/438241002/
He has been long recognised as the best cricketer Weston-super-Mare has ever produced, and as the best cricketer never to play for England.
But now Somerset's own Peter Trego has just begun a new innings – as a TV presenter.
And instead of just standing with a microphone as a pundit at a cricket match, the larger-than-life all-rounder has travelled the world for a thought-provoking new documentary series. The first of the six-part series, called Beyond the Boundary was broadcast at the weekend, and the one-hour shows are on the Insight TV channel.
The 36-year-old cricketer, who has a legendary cult following in Somerset, travelled to Singapore, Sri Lanka, Rwanda, Kenya, South Africa and Dubai for the series, which will look at the way cricket is shaping people's lives around the world, often bringing people together and helping to heal divisions.
So in Rwanda, Trego discovered how cricket is helping to solve the country's tensions following the ethnic genocide there two decades ago.
“The whole experience really touched me,” he said. “One of the shoots that had the most profound effect was the second episode, which we filmed in Rwanda.”
“More than 20 years on, the country still bears horrific scars but the government has used cricket to bring these two tribes together. Listening to some of the awful stories and looking at the statistics of how many people lost their lives it's incredible to think how a small game from England is being used to bring unity and peace,” he added.
“There's a memorial at the front of the ground and when I did my piece-to-camera I felt like I'd stumbled on my words but when I watched it back I think I gulped because of the terrifying events that took place.
“I really saw myself react to what I was witnessing and learning. The experience was a bit surreal. Given that I've spent years playing at hundreds of different cricket grounds, walking into a ground where twenty years ago 5,000 people were murdered is a very poignant moment.”
In Singapore and Dubai Trego met migrant workers whose living conditions are extremely tough; the only happiness that they have is their Sunday afternoon game of cricket.
“I didn't realise the lengths that some people go to play the game; it's their lifeline. These guys work in construction doing 12-hour days, six days a week. They go to big cities to find work to support their families and to live the dream but the reality is very different,” he added.
Trego's Somerset team-mates are lining up some top sledging for their elder-statesman as he embarks on a new career path, he said.
“They're obviously desperate to mock me and have a laugh,” he said. "They're already talking about having a team night in to watch the screening of the first episode.
"I think they will really enjoy it and if there's one statement I could say to the cricket world it's: you haven't seen anything like this before! I've watched a lot of cricket TV. This isn't about Shane Warne or Glenn McGrath, it's not about an Ashes series; this is the people's cricket,” he said.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United have been paired with Sevilla in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The Red Devils secured their spot in the first knockout round after finishing top of Group A.
Jose Mourinho's men won five of their six matches, with their shock defeat against Basel in mid-November their only slip up.
However, United saw off CSKA Moscow last week to seal top spot and their place in the next round of the competition.
Key summer signing Nemanja Matic has added the missing teeth to United's midfield to go with the goal threat of Romelu Lukaku and the fit-again Zlatan Ibrahimovic, and few teams will fancy taking them on.
(Image: AFP)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Sevilla
Coach: Eduardo Berizzo
Star man: Wissam Ben Yedder
Champions League/European Cup best: Quarter-finals 1958
Sevilla won only two of their Group E fixtures but got through on the back of being hard to beat - all except for the complete aberration which was their 5-1 loss to Spartak Moscow in October.
That exposed their key weakness - although they can score plenty, they struggle to keep the back door closed, and kept just one clean sheet against lowly Maribor.
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade, 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo, Italy, Feb. 13, 2017. The MGB is a deck type, two girder bridge system, providing a 4 meter (13ft 2in) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support. The 173rd Airborne Brigade, based in Vicenza, Italy, is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe, capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European, Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility.
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID: 3166692 VIRIN: 170213-A-KP807-178 Resolution: 2500x1668 Size: 561.89 KB Location: TRECENTA, IT Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Medium Girder Bridge, 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion,Rovigo 2017 [Image 1 of 11], by Graigg Faggionato, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hopes for a SMTV live special which was cancelled by Ant and Dec have been renewed after this weekend's Saturday Night Takeaway was scrapped.
Ant McPartlin has sensationally confirmed he's heading back to rehab following his drink drive arrest, with Saturday Night Takeaway now cancelled this week.
However, fans have pointed out that there is now a gap in the schedule and Cat Deeley could step in to replace Ant, setting up a reunion with Dec on screen.
Last week Ant and Dec cancelled a SMTV Live special, which had been due to air later this year on the show's 20th anniversary, but with Ant's absence the plans could be changed.
(Image: Sky UK Limited)
SMTV Live ran from 1998 until 2003. Ant and Dec fronted the show for the first three years until leaving to host Pop Idol.
The Geordie duo were reportedly too busy with work commitments and hadn't had the time to work on the show with original co-host Cat Deeley.
This left fans fearing they might have to wait until 2019 for the programme's revival - but it could now come sooner than that.
Viewers want Cat, who appeared in last year's series finale of Saturday Night Takeaway in Florida, to replace rehab-bound Ant.
Taking to Twitter, one fan said: "Get Cat Deeley on a plane over to the UK. #SaturdayNightTakeaway"
Another added: "I wonder if Stephen Mulhern or Cat Deeley will take over from Ant during the florida episode."
While a third suggested: "Cat Deeley to present with Dec on Takeaway? Seems the most logical fit"
(Image: Â©Sky UK Limited)
It was confirmed today that SNT was cancelled as Ant was heading back to rehab.
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments," a statement on Ant and Dec's Twitter page read.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
ITV released its own statement, confirming this week's show will not go ahead, and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Last week, it was revealed that plans to bring back SMTV for a live special were scrapped for this year.
A source told The Sun : "Given the massive interest in the show's comeback, they have decided to give themselves another year to make sure it's absolutely perfect.
"It's now looking like it will be a 21st anniversary celebration, rather than the 20th. They're aiming for 2019 instead."
Last year, the pair announced the show would be returning to screens two decades after it began airing.
"ITV have just agreed to it. They are on board now. We've had the first discussion now and it's going to be August or September next year," said Ant McPartlin at the BAFTA Awards.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Co-host Declan Donnelly added: "They are on-board now, and we have had our first discussions about it, and it looks like it is going to go ahead.
"We can't say too much but we're getting the team back together. It'll be on Saturday morning again at 9.25."
The show, which mixed competitions with cartoons, comedy sketches and music with celebrity guests, also parodied several other TV shows from the time.
Its spoof Chums played off the dramas of Friends across the pond, while Fartbeat, F'art Attack and Casually all aped their better known counterparts.
Think before binning your batteries – that's the message to Ribble Valley residents.
Householders are being urged to dispose of waste batteries correctly after combusting battery chemicals caused a spate of fires in refuse vehicles across the UK.
Lithium-ion batteries commonly found in laptops and mobile phones, nickel-cadmium batteries commonly found in remote controls and rechargeable batteries all contain chemicals that can ignite.
They should be taken to household waste disposal centres in Henthorn Road, Clitheroe, or Chapel Hill, Longridge, where they will be stripped and recycled or disposed of as hazardous waste.
Common alkaline batteries are not considered hazardous waste and can be disposed of with household refuse.
Stuart Carefoot, chairman of Ribble Valley Borough Council's community services committee, said: “While batteries may seem harmless, many of them are not and incorrect disposal can be dangerous for refuse collection crews, the public and the environment.
“We are asking residents to dispose of waste batteries in the correct manner and not place them in household bins, unless it is safe to do so.”
Lithium-ion, nickel-cadmium and rechargeable batteries are among several fire hazards that should not be included in household refuse, including hot ash and unwrapped broken glass.
Not My Job: Football Hall Of Famer Jerry Rice Gets Quizzed On Hannah Montana
Click the audio link above to see how he does.
In the 1980s, quarterback Joe Montana of the San Francisco 49ers was known as the premier passer in the game. But you wouldn't even know his name if there hadn't been someone on the other end to catch his passes. Most often, that was wide receiver Jerry Rice, and today we've invited the Football Hall of Famer to play a game called "Take a seat, Joe Montana! It's time for Hannah Montana." Three questions for Jerry Rice about that other great Montana — Hannah.
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
And now the game where we ask stars about things down here on Earth. It's called Not My Job. So in the 1980s, Joe Montana of the San Francisco 49ers was acclaimed as the premier passer in the game. But if somebody wasn't out there to catch those passes, you would not know that man's name. Most often, it was Jerry Rice, a football Hall of Famer and the greatest wide receiver ever to strap on cleats. Jerry Rice, welcome.
(CHEERING)
JERRY RICE: Peter, can I...
SAGAL: No, please.
RICE: Excuse me. Can I add something to that, Peter?
SAGAL: By all means.
RICE: Yeah, you know, yeah, the greatest receiver to ever play the game, but I like to think of myself as the greatest player to ever play the game.
SAGAL: OK, forgive me.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
RICE: Just joking.
SAGAL: Yeah. That's the hardest job in the field, I think, because you have to concentrate on catching this very fast-moving object coming at you, and - but you also know that as soon as you grab it, if you grab it - what?
RICE: Look at the size of my hands.
SAGAL: (Laughter) You know, when you held them up, you blocked out the light, but...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: I...
PAULA POUNDSTONE: He's going to be part of the eclipse.
SAGAL: I've always wondered about...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: So I've always wondered about that - that you're out there. And, of course, you're doing this incredibly difficult thing. You have to catch this ball, which is very hard to do, on the run. But you know that as soon as you catch it, somebody's going to try to kill you.
RICE: That's true.
SAGAL: Does that weigh on your mind as you're reaching up to get the ball?
RICE: No, I just run very fast.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Well, let's go back in time. Were you - I assume you were a star athlete growing up, right?
RICE: No, I was a nerd.
SAGAL: Were you really?
RICE: Yeah. I started playing football around my sophomore year in high school.
SAGAL: Really?
RICE: Yeah.
SAGAL: I'm somewhat comforted by that. When you say you were a nerd, what...
ROY BLOUNT JR: Too late.
SAGAL: Yeah, I know.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: I was hoping you were going to say early 50s, then I'd be, like, yes, but...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: So when you say nerd, what do you mean?
RICE: Very quiet, but I had very large hands.
SAGAL: Right.
(LAUGHTER)
RICE: And really skinny. So I would walk around with my hands in my pocket all the time because everybody would notice my hands before they noticed me.
SAGAL: Wait a minute. So you're telling me that, like, you were embarrassed as a kid...
RICE: Yeah.
SAGAL: ...Because your hands were so large.
RICE: They were so big.
SAGAL: And that ended up being the attribute that helped you become the greatest wide receiver...
RICE: Right.
SAGAL: ...Of all time, a Hall of Famer.
RICE: Right.
SAGAL: You are the football equivalent of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Think about it. Right? Everybody makes fun of him, and then all of a sudden, they're like, Jerry, will you catch this football tonight? And you're like, I can do that.
RICE: I've never thought of it that way.
(LAUGHTER)
RICE: That is amazing.
ALONZO BODDEN: Can I tell you tell that I, too, have incredibly large hands?
SAGAL: Yeah.
BODDEN: It takes more than that to be you.
SAGAL: Yeah.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
RICE: Thank you.
SAGAL: I got one last question, which is that often, the wide receivers line up outside toward the sidelines, and you're often right across from the safety or cornerback who's going to be trying to cover you. Is - what passes between you two guys, as you're looking at him, he's looking at you, and you - he knows that he's going to try to stop you, and you know he's not going to? I mean, did you ever - do you ever, like, trash talk or just...
RICE: No, I just look at the defensive back and I say, you're done.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: All right, Jerry Rice, we've invited you here to play a game we're calling...
BILL KURTIS: Take a Seat, Joe Montana. It's Time for Hannah Montana.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: We're talking about that. You formed one of the great offensive tandems with quarterback Joe Montana, so we thought we'd ask you about that other great Montana - Hannah.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: You're looking at me with a look of confusion. Do you know who Hannah Montana was?
RICE: I have heard the name.
SAGAL: Hannah Montana, just so you know, was a fictional character played by the - on the Disney Channel - by the very real Miley Cyrus. It was a TV show about a young girl who had a normal life, but her other life was being a pop star named Hannah Montana. That was the plot of the show. So we're going to ask you three questions about that. And if you get two of them right...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...You will win our prize.
RICE: Are you serious?
SAGAL: I am absolutely serious.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: This is so funny because you were talking about your laser stare, your absolute confidence. You are now fidgeting in your chair, looking for an exit. This is...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Hilarious.
POUNDSTONE: Those big hands can't help you now, Jerry.
(LAUGHTER)
RICE: Yeah, it's getting hot under here, guys.
SAGAL: Bill, who is Jerry Rice playing for?
KURTIS: Luke McEvoy of San Francisco, Calif.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Ready to do this?
RICE: Let's do it.
SAGAL: All right. When Disney was creating the show back then, they considered a bunch of names based on place names, you know, eventually, like, Hannah Montana. They thought of a name - Alexis Texas. Why couldn't they use that one? A, the state of Texas charges royalties for any commercial use of its name; B, cast member Moises Arias had a thick Castilian accent and he pronounced it Alexis Texas or C, Alexis Texas is the name of a well-known adult film star.
(LAUGHTER)
UNIDENTIFIED AUDIENCE MEMBER: C.
(LAUGHTER)
RICE: C.
SAGAL: C.
(LAUGHTER)
RICE: I am good. I am so good.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Yeah, it was C, Alexis Texas. They were afraid what would happen when kid fans of the show were to Google the name Alexis Texas. So it became Hannah Montana. All right.
RICE: So I got that one right.
KURTIS: You bet.
SAGAL: You got that one right, yeah.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: All right. Second question. The show "Hannah Montana," which was a big hit - ran for some years - influenced many artists and performers, such as whom? A, actor Eli Roth, who listened to her music to prepare for his role as a stone-cold killer in the movie "Inglourious Basterds" because he said it made him feel insane...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...B, performance artist Marina Abramovic who, after hearing one Hannah Montana song, conceived of her piece "The Artist Is Present" where she sat in silence for over 700 hours...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Or C, Lin-Manuel Miranda, author and composer, who says Hannah's struggles as she tried to become famous inspired the early scenes as Alexander Hamilton...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Starts his climb to the top.
RICE: Peter, you know, I've been preparing myself for this all day.
SAGAL: I bet you have - running up and down those hills.
RICE: So you guys are not going to help me out.
(LAUGHTER)
UNIDENTIFIED AUDIENCE MEMBER: A.
RICE: A?
SAGAL: They like A...
RICE: A.
SAGAL: ...Apparently. Yes, it's A.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Eli Roth - apparently listening to Hannah Montana put him in the mood to beat people to death with a bat. All right.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: "Hannah Montana" has a lot of dedicated fans, but some of them may surprise you, like which of these? A, Vice President Mike Pence...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Who considers her music, quote, "wholesome but danceable."
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...B, actor Stephen Baldwin, who has Hannah Montana's initials tattooed on his shoulder or C, artist Damien Hirst, who called his installation of a decomposing beef cow The Real Hannah Montana.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: If we could weaponize the look of incredulity that Jerry Rice is giving me right now...
(LAUGHTER)
RICE: Did you say number two - a tattoo?
SAGAL: I said, Stephen Baldwin, the actor, the answer...
RICE: Wow.
SAGAL: ...Was that he got a tattoo of Hannah - H-M - Hannah Montana's initials on his shoulder. He was so inspired by her.
RICE: OK, such art. So I would say C.
SAGAL: You're going to go C, the - Damien Hirst, the British conceptual artist.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Damien Hirst fans put a decomposing cow in a thing and called it The Real Hannah Montana. I wouldn't put it by him, but it was actually the tattoo. It was Stephen Baldwin. You'll be happy or sad to know that Mr. Baldwin now regrets the tattoo.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Bill, how did Jerry Rice do on our show?
KURTIS: His score was two out of three, and you're a winner. That's a win.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Jerry Rice is a Super Bowl MVP, three-time Super Bowl champ. Jerry recently partnered with the National Kidney Foundation to promote kidney health. Jerry Rice, thank you so much for joining us.
(SOUNDBITE OF JOHNNY PEARSON'S "HEAVY ACTION (THEME FROM "MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL")")
SAGAL: In just a minute, Bill blames it on the tortellini in the Listener Limerick Challenge. Call 1-888-WAIT-WAIT to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME from NPR.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Fire Brigades Union had warned that the public “would pay the price” for axing firefighters.
The number of deaths from fires in the home increased by 17.4% between April 2015 and March 2016, said Home Office figures. This meant there were 34 more fatalities than in the previous year.
The average response time to primary fires has increased by 31 seconds since 2010, the report said.
Matt Wrack, FBU general secretary, said earlier this year: “Firefighters are doing their best to provide a world class service but the Government have compromised the service by axing thousands of posts, closing fire stations and cutting equipment.
(Photo: Getty)
“It is the public who will pay the price of the Government's folly.
“The decision to prioritise budget cuts ahead of public safety is another example of how out of touch this government is.
“In a fire, every second counts. Those extra seconds might not sound like long, and ministers will try to dismiss them, but in an emergency, that time can be the difference between life and death.”
As a result of government cuts 10,000 frontline firefighter jobs have gone since 2010 – that is one in six. Stations, 140 appliances and equipment have also been cut.
In Greater London, 1,103 firefighter posts were axed from 2010 to 2016 and a further 232 were cut last year. The 35,000-strong FBU says it has plunged the fire and rescue service into a state of crisis.
Meanwhile, the Unite union said it was essential that the hundreds of people made homeless are quickly rehoused locally in secure and affordable accommodation.
The union said: “The Government must move fast and no talk of lack of money can be accepted.
“Unite has members who live in Grenfell Tower. We are doing our utmost to locate them, and to offer every support. Members are mobilising collections for essentials. We need to rally around this devastated community.”
Fatal Accident Kills Woman Formerly of Wayland
A Marengo woman with Wayland ties died in an accident early Sunday on Interstate 80 near Malcom. Amy Rene Richard, age 37 was a passenger in a vehicle driven by Jesus Alfredo Belez also of Marengo. Belez is charged with OWI vehicular homicide. According to the Iowa State Patrol a semi driven by Ramiz Mustafic of Utah was in the right lane and accelerating coming off the shoulder when the Belez vehicle rear ended the semi. The accident occurred at about 2 am Sunday.
Related Coverage New Haven teacher arrested for allegedly having sex with student
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Jennifer Frechette, 44, has been charged with second degree sexual assault, after police say she had an inappropriate sexual relationship with a student. Frechette is a teacher at Wilbur Cross High School in New Haven.
Attorney Tara Knight represents the alleged victim, a 15-year-old boy.
“When mothers and fathers send their kids to school they expect that their kids will be kept safe and not exploited in any way. If the allegations prove true in this case, this is the ultimate exploitation and the ultimate insult and offense to a mom and dad,” said Knight.
Frechette turned herself into New Haven Police after a warrant was issued last week. On Monday, new details about the charges against her are coming to light. The New Haven Register notes that according to the affidavit two security guards found Frechette and the alleged victim in a makeshift bed inside a classroom back on January 5. Also in the room, a bag of condoms.
The guards told police that both Frechette and the student were clothed at the time. Frechette reportedly told them nothing happened, telling the guards the student had “sweet talked” her. She later told police she and the victim had been trying on costumes for a play and the bed was set up for comfort.
Knight declined to give specifics on the case, but notes in cases like this the details can be vital to the prosecution.
“Any evidence of premeditation and thinking this through I think only exacerbates the problem. Not that it would be okay it is were a one time thing or if it were spontaneous,” said Knight.
Frechette's alleged involvement with the student was not a one time thing. According to the police report investigator's reviewed the victim's cell phone and found explicit messages. In March, the victim told police about an incident in December in which he claims Frechette performed a sexual act on him on a couch in the classroom.
“There was a pattern of activity that was very troublesome and that the family is very upset by. And, kids need to be protected by their teachers. They need to be nurtured by their teachers. They don't need to be exploited by their teachers,” said Knight.
Frechette has been on paid leave since the incident was reported in January. On Friday, interim Superintendent of New Haven Public Schools Reginald Mayo released a statement saying the district is moving forward with recommendations Frechette be terminated.
News 8 reached out to Frechette's lawayer for comment but has not heard back.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I'm A Celebrity has become embroiled in a FIX row after viewers claim Georgia Toffolo received more airtime than any other contestant.
Toff was crowned Queen of the Jungle in last night's final, but some fans are convinced her victory was planned from the start.
The Made In Chelsea star impressed in the opening trials and viewers believe she was edited favourably and given the most time on screen to ensure she won the series.
Toff, who was the odds-on favourite to win the show, is now being lined up by ITV executives as a presenter and to star in her own ITV2 series.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: ITV)
The reality star is in a TV tug of war after wowing bosses of two channels during her stint on I'm A Celebrity.
Toff is contracted for one more series of Made in Chelsea on E4, the digital channel owned by Channel 4.
But viewers are adamant that Toff was given the most airtime by ITV in a bid to subtly influence the voters and took to Twitter to airs their views.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
One viewer said: "So from the very 1st show I said Toff would win because of her airtime - next year I'm defo gonna place a bet and be rich."
"Toff was really lovely and had a great can-do spirit, but she was so clearly positioned by ITV with a premium of airtime to win. If Shappi had gotten even half of Toff's screentime she would have made it a lot further," added another.
A third agreed: "OMG it's Toff, not like we've all known that since they started giving her the most air time on day 1."
"Same thing with I'm a Celeb now the producers give people who they want to win and be the host of extra camp so much more air time so they win. 3 years in a row now," added a fourth.
Mirror Online have contacted ITV for a comment.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
On Sunday, The Mirror revealed executives at ITV also want the star for their own ITV2 series and see the 23-year-old as a potential presenter and panel show captain for them next year.
A source close to Toff admitted: “Georgia is in a enviable position now.
"She will be in the next series of Made in Chelsea, but beyond that there are lots of options and lots of interest.
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
“The last two winners of I'm A Celebrity were female, in Scarlett Moffatt and Vicky Pattison, and both have ended up working with ITV on projects.
“But Channel 4 will be keen to keep Toff as one of their stars on E4 as she also recently appeared on their Celebs Go Dating series. So she will have some tough decisions to make in terms of TV, but the future looks very bright.
“There is going to be some real competition to make her good offers.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It means Toff is guaranteed bumper earnings in 2018, though she will first have to decide where her priorities lie between the two channels and on the type of programmes she wants to make.
A TV source added: “She was a big star on E4 but is undoubtedly now a much bigger TV personality in the mainstream thanks to ITV, and they would like to keep her and work with her more.
“It's a real old-fashioned TV tug of war between the channels.”
Toff could expect an even bigger role on Made in Chelsea. Equally, she could land her own documentary on ITV2, or could be used on ITV shows such as This Morning and Loose Women as she has mass appeal.
She could even help make politics accessible to younger people.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Ahead of last night's final, Toff was also expected to land more modelling deals, having had her own lingerie range before she went into the jungle.
Following in the footsteps of Scarlett and Vicky, the reality star is tipped to make more than £1million in the next 12 months alone.
When she began I'm A Celeb, Toff admitted she hoped to changed people's perceptions of her.
She said: “I'd like to prove that just because I'm on a TV show about the area that I live in, it doesn't mean that I can't do anything, that I'm not strong.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was injured after he was attacked by three other men in an assault in south Bristol.
The 42-year-old suffered minor injuries to his face in the incident, which happened on Tuesday night at 10pm.
Police want to speak to anyone who saw what happened in the attack, which took place at the Imperial Arcade in East Street, Bedminster, the covered parade of shops between Asda and the pedestrianised section.
A police spokesperson said: "If you saw this assault, or have any information which could help us, please call 101."
Witnesses should give the call handler the crime reference number 5128 023 093.
BRUSSELS: Britain and the European Union agreed on Monday to a transition period to avoid a “cliff edge” Brexit next year — though only after London accepted a potential solution for Northern Ireland's land border that may face stiff opposition at home.
The pound surged on confirmation that Britain would remain effectively a non-voting EU member for 21 months until the end of 2020. Some business leaders, however, echoed a warning from EU negotiator Michel Barnier that the deal is legally binding only if London agrees the whole withdrawal treaty by next March.
That means solving outstanding issues, notably how to avoid a “hard border” that could disrupt peace in Northern Ireland. Britain says an EU-UK free trade deal to be sealed by 2021 can do that. But Dublin insists the Brexit treaty must lock in a “backstop” arrangement in case that future pact does not work.
Both sides are committed to keeping a free flow of people and goods over the intra-Irish border without returning to checkpoints, as during the three decades of violence in Northern Ireland. However, finding a practical solution for any customs checks needed post-Brexit has proved elusive so far. The dispute with Ireland had threatened to derail May's hopes of a formal political endorsement of the transition deal by EU leaders when they meet in Brussels on Friday. A weekend of intensive talks, however, has broken the deadlock — for now.
Prime Minister Theresa May, who relies on pro-British Northern Ireland members of parliament to pass her Brexit legislation, had rejected a fallback proposed by Brussels three weeks ago. She said an EU offer to keep Northern Ireland under EU trade rules would isolate the province from the mainland. However, her Brexit Secretary David Davis, in Brussels, has now signed up to following similar principles as negotiators resume work to find an “operational” compromise. Dublin said it was happy to accept as it bound London in to not “backsliding” on pledges May had made on the issue in December.
“We agree on the need to include legal text detailing the ‘backstop' solution for the border,” Davis told a news conference with Barnier. “But it remains our intention to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland.”
The question will remain as to whether negotiations on the future trade partnership between Britain and the EU, which are expected to start only next month after EU leaders endorse Barnier's negotiating guidelines on Friday, can produce results — and quickly enough to avoid having language in the withdrawal treaty that Britain, and May's Belfast allies, cannot accept. Her Democratic Unionist Party allies said the “announcement” did not concern them as it left the border issue unresolved.
Longer term, the transition deal may buy people time but business still faces a “cliff edge” of uncertainty come 2021.
“DECISIVE DAY”
Davis agreed with Barnier that Monday's agreement was “decisive” and increased the odds on finding an orderly deal to avoid Europe's second biggest economy simply crashing out of the bloc in just over a year. He hailed the certainty that the deals on the transition and other issues, including rights for expatriate citizens, would offer businesses and individuals.
However, Barnier warned: “A decisive step remains a step; we are not at the end of the road and there still remains a lot of work to be done, including on Ireland and Northern Ireland.”
The two sides issued a new, 129-page draft withdrawal treaty that was awash with green highlighter denoting final agreement on large areas of the legal text, including transition. Diplomats put the level of “green” agreement at over 80 percent.
The pound rose as much as one percent against the dollar to $1.4088, its strongest since February 16.
TRADE BENEFITS
Davis, who unlike May campaigned for Brexit, said he was pleased with EU agreement to let Britain negotiate and sign trade deals with other countries while remaining covered by EU common trade policy during the transition. Those deals would then take effect once Britain was free to do so in 2021.
He also welcomed wording that gives Britain some say in EU policy during the transition, notably on fishing quotas, and an ability to refuse to implement things it did not agree with — some of his Conservative party allies have complained that the transition deal would leave Britain a “vassal state” of the EU.
The Leave Means Leave campaign accused him of “caving in” on the Irish border. Brexit firebrand Nigel Farage said “Theresa the Appeaser” had “let people down again” by agreeing to EU demands to keep free immigration during the transition.
© Sputnik/ Sara Nureddin
© Sputnik/ Ramil Sitdikov
Russia is ready to help the Iraqi authorities restore energy supply to the Iraqi city of Mosul, which has recently been liberated from Daesh terrorist group, Russian Ambassador to Iraq Maksim Maksimov told Sputnik in an interview.The Russian diplomat added that Iraq's energy sector had been damaged by Daesh terrorists in the city, and that considerable efforts were required to restore its capabilities."Iraq, which is still engaged in the war against terrorists, will face difficulties in promptly addressing the challenges in the sphere of restoration of the settlements liberated from Daesh... That's why I think that the Iraqi government will need a significant international assistance in order to ensure the fastest return of people to their homes," the diplomat said.On July 10, Iraqi authorities announced that Mosul had been liberated from Daesh . During the occupation and the military operation to drive the terrorists from the city, Mosul's infrastructure was significantly damaged.The ambassador added that Russia and Iraq are going to hold a meeting of a joint subgroup to discuss energy issues. The ambassador said that new areas of cooperation had been recently opened."First of all, it is connected to the Iraqi government plans for the development of the gas sector. The Russian side is interested in joining a number of projects in this sphere. Another promising avenue for cooperation is the energy sector," Maksimov said.The ambassador added that Russian companies had some experience in building power plants in Iraq. Maksimov also pointed out that Russia's Gazprom Neft and LUKoil companies were working in Iraq and the Russian investment in the country amounted to $10 billion. Maksimov added that, to his knowledge, the companies were intent on increasing the cooperation with Iraq.Russia will begin the supplies of T-90 tanks to Iraq shortly, Russian ambassador to Iraq Maksim Maksimov told Sputnik.In late July, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iraqi Vice President Nouri Maliki discussed the issue of supplying Russian T-90 tanks to Iraq "The deliveries of T-90 tanks to Iraq will begin soon in accordance with the previously signed contract. Negotiations on other sectors of defense industry cooperation are underway," Maksimov said."We always said on all levels that we are ready to provide comprehensive support to our Iraqi friends in boosting the military potential of the Iraqi army and security agencies, equipping them with the latest military equipment."Maksimov added that Iraq had been an important partner for Russia in the Middle East in the fight against Daesh."Iraq has been making a significant contribution to the elimination of Daesh terrorist group. Carrying out a large-scale counter-terrorism operation in Iraqi territory, the authorities create the conditions for the eradication of the terrorists' bases in Iraq and for the weakening the capacity of Daesh in Syria," Maksimov added.T-90 is the third generation Russian tank known for its fire power. Its export version includes fragmentation projectile with remote detonation to cause further havoc in adversary's ranks.The tank is a third-generation Russian battle tank that entered service in 1993. It has its origins in a Soviet-era program aimed at developing a singular replacement for the T-64, T-72 and T-80 series of main battle tanks. The T-72 platform was selected as the basis for the new generation of tank due to its cost-effectiveness, simplicity and automotive qualities. The tank was chosen to protect Russia's airbase in Syria as it is ideal for defending a stationary object in a desert environment.
Pushing For Protections For Hotel Employees NPR's Rachel Martin talks with Miami Beach City Commissioner Kristen Rosen Gonzalez, who is proposing a bill to protect hotel employees from sexual harassment.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. — Nick Griffin scored 15 of his 20 points in the second half and Sam Idowu had 12 points to help Saint Peter's beat Niagara 58-52 on Friday night to snap a six-game skid.
Griffin hit four 3-pointers and made 4 of 4 free throws in the final 19 seconds.
Matt Scott converted a 3-point play, Kahlil Dukes made a jumper and Chris Barton hit a 3-pointer to pull Niagara (14-10, 7-4 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) within three points with five minutes to play. Two free throws by Elijah Gonzales gave the Peacocks (9-13, 3-8) a 64-58 lead four minutes later, but Matt Scott and Marvin Prochet each made two foul shots to trim the Purple Eagles' deficit to two points with 20 seconds left. Griffin's free throws sealed it for Saint Peter's.
Scott had 16 points and Dukes scored 10 for Niagara, but the duo combined to shoot just 8 of 29 (27.6 per cent) from the field. It was the lowest-scoring output of the season for the Purple Eagles, who came in averaging a conference-leading 83.6 points per game.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
London City Airport has been reopened after it was evacuated this afternoon due to a fire alarm.
An airport representative apologised to all passengers for the inconvenience and any discomfort in the cold conditions.
The evacuation took place while airport staff investigated a fire alarm today.
"Apologies for the inconvenience, we're working hard to get passengers moving as quickly as possible," an airport spokesperson wrote on Twitter.
Passengers have shared images from the scene on social media, which include evacuated crowds of people outside the airport.
Although passengers waited patiently in the freezing conditions, passenger Chris Highcock said that communication with the crowds was poor.
Nick Brown writing on Twitter questioned what would happen to people who had missed their flights due to the evacuation.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
But despite the delays, Louise Riber managed to catch her plane today after her last flight was cancelled.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
None
NHS President Damian Hollyday speaks during the Hodgson Vocational-Technical commencement ceremony at the Bob Carpenter Center in Newark where over 250 graduates took part. Jerry Habraken, The News Journal
Two hours east of Washington, D.C., fourth-generation farmer Trey Hill showcases his farm, Harborview Farms, to lawmakers and consumers through Bayer's ForwardFarming program. Hill pairs his passion for farming and the environment on his 10,000 corn, soybean, wheat and cover crop acres.
“This site is particularly helpful since it's so close to Washington, D.C.,” says Jim Blome, Bayer CropScience North America president and CEO. “It shows people who've never been on a farm what it's really like.”
With the threat of regulations or even product bans, people in ag are doing what they can to educate the public and lawmakers. They hope to inform people about what farmers do and why they use pesticides, synthetic fertilizer and other practices that have been scrutinized recently.
Harborview Farms is in the Chesapeake Bay watershed as well as four other river watersheds. Hill and his family go above and beyond to reduce their nutrient and carbon footprints. He says it has taken several years to get the farm where it is, but it's a success he's proud to share.
“Everything we do at Harborview Farms has to pass this test,” Hill says. “That includes the inputs we use, how and why we use them, our treatment of wildlife and the bay and the amount of energy we use doing it all.”
He's been 100% no-till for three years (65% before) and uses cover crops or winter wheat to protect the soil during winter months. The farm's grain facilities use solar panels for power.
Harborview Farms joins 11 other ForwardFarming sites worldwide to educate non-agriculturalists about farming practices. This is the first site in the U.S., and Hill says he's proud to join so he can share what farmers do.
“One of the primary goals of ForwardFarming is to foster dialogue and knowledge exchange on local farms around the world, which we achieve by welcoming people to the farms to learn about today's agriculture,” Blome says. “It's imperative that we encourage understanding about the advanced technology and sustainable farming practices that will be a big part of the solution.”
In Maryland, for example, the state dedicated more tax dollars to supporting voluntary cover crop programs. Harborview Farms demonstrates what happens when farmers look at their operations through the eyes of the public or even an environmentalist.
Montreal Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner.
Drouin, who was hit in the upper body, was reportedly taken to hospital for X-rays.
He appeared to be in considerable pain when he left the ice.
The 22-year-old has seven goals and 19 assists in 47 games this season.
COLUMBUS, Ga — Columbus State University police warn students and community members of a possible sexual assault near the RiverPark campus.
Officer Brett Stanelle says the victim reported the incident Monday morning. She says she was sitting in her vehicle near the Riverwalk early on Wednesday morning when a man approached her. She tells police he was armed with a knife and a handgun.
The victim says the man threatened and sexually assaulted her at gunpoint. The suspect is described as a white male in his late 20's to early 30's, of an athletic build, and with sleeve-style tattoos on both arms.
Anyone with information regarding this incident is encouraged to contact CSU Police at 706-507-8911. All campus community members should remain aware of their surroundings and report any suspicious persons or activities to the proper authorities.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On the busy palliative care ward where she works, Dr Rachel Clarke is thinking of her father, who died at Christmas.
“In the days before he died, dad told me how proud of me he was for standing up for the NHS ,” the campaigning doctor says.
Caring for patients at the end of their lives has become harder in the weeks following her father Dr Mark Rendall's death, each dying face carrying his echo. But it has also made Rachel even more committed to keep alive the health service to which Dr Rendall dedicated his life.
“If we feel angry and distressed that people are dying in corridors, and pensioners are dying at home waiting for an ambulance, we need to do something,” Rachel says.
“We need to join the march on Saturday to support the NHS.
“The NHS has been underfunded for seven years to the point where it can't even keep patients alive because it doesn't have enough resources. We have to speak out politically in every way we can. If the Government thinks it can keep getting away with this level of underfunding, it will – and more people will die.”
(Image: Getty)
As a doctor who works in end-of-life care, Rachel is deeply affected by the stories of patients not afforded the calm, tender, private death of her father.
“No patient should die on a trolley in indignity, with people walking by,” she says.
“Nine years ago, when I started out, patients were not dying on trolleys. It was extremely rare to use corridor beds. But the last seven years have seen the NHS subjected to the worst cuts in 70 years.”
Rachel, whose bestselling memoir Your Life in My Hands laid bare the pressures of the underfunded NHS, says nurses desperately need a rise.
“The NHS is haemorrhaging 10% of nurses a year,” she says. “There are 40,000 nursing gaps. We need a pay rise for our underpaid nurses now, so they don't need to go to foodbanks.
“Having too few staff already means daily working life is extremely tough.
(Image: Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror)
“Nurses think, ‘why am I putting myself through this every day for a salary where I'm not even confident I can put food on the table?”
Rachel is troubled by the plight of Hadiza Bawa-Garba, the former trainee doctor struck off last week for mistakes that led to the death of Jack Adcock, who had Down's syndrome and a heart condition.
Rachel, and many other doctors behind a crowd-funding appeal, believe Jack's death may have been caused by dangerous gaps in the staffing rota that led to Bawa-Garba, a trainee, doing three doctors' jobs that day.
“That poor little boy died in unforgivable circumstances,” Rachel says. “But would Jack Adcock still be alive if there hadn't been grotesque underfunding that led to gaps in the doctor and nursing staff that day? Even one doctor's workload is exhausting. If rota gaps mean one trainee is doing three doctors' jobs, every patient is in danger.”
She says her husband, a pilot formerly in the RAF, is appalled by NHS understaffing.
“He says that if he turned up to fly a plane and there was no co-pilot, the plane wouldn't take off,” she says.
“I told him it's worse than that, often I am pilot, co-pilot, doing the trolley service and wiping baby sick off the front row.”
(Image: Getty)
The NHS Rachel is fighting for is human as well as efficient. “I never want to be employed by Virgin . None of us does. I want to work on in a public-service-provided NHS, not Richard Branson 's NHS,” she says.
Rachel's dad was an anaesthetist in the Navy before becoming a GP.
“A traditional old school family doctor, a real cradle-to-grave GP,” she says. “He was devoted to his patients, some of whom came to his funeral. When you just use the metric of efficiency and the bottom line, that way of doing things looks outdated. But how do you measure being known?”
The morning after her father died, Rachel sent a tweet of thanks to the NHS for the “£zero” price tag of his wonderful care. “Grief, pain, emptiness – but not bankruptcy,” she wrote. “Thank you, thank you #NHS”.
The tweet reached nine million people, many of whom shared their own positive NHS experiences. But replies that came from the United States often told of the bills that came with bereavement.
“I lost my dad to cancer a little over a year ago in the USA,” one reply said. “He was prevented from chemo because of money.”
That message is a reminder for all of us of what's at stake right now in our country.
Should You Leave Grandma With The Robot?
Enlarge this image iStock iStock
Every day, we are inching closer to some kind of artificial intelligence.
At this point, it isn't so important whether we're talking about truly self-conscious machines or not. Advances in big data, machine learning and robotics are all poised to give us a world in which computers are effectively intelligent in terms of how we deal with them.
Should you be scared by this proposition? Based on a lecture I just attended, my answer is: "absolutely, but not in the usual 'robot overlords' kind of way."
Instead, the real fear should be about getting human beings wrong, not getting AI right.
The lecture I attended was given by Rana el Kaliouby. She is a brilliant scientist who works on giving computers the ability recognize the emotions of humans they interact with. More than just an academic, she is also an entrepreneur. El Kaliouby is CEO of Affectiva, a company whose "AI humanizes how people and technology interact."
But while El Kaliouby's presentation was thrilling (she is a truly engaging speaker), the longer the lecture went on, the more troubled I became.
The essence of the technology that Affectiva pioneers is the ability of computers to recognize human emotions based on the "activation" of muscles in the face. The link between facial expressions and emotions is, of course, something we humans all know how to read. But researchers have gone beyond the gross characteristics of "smile" vs. "frown" to map out groups of facial muscles and their links to specific emotional states. The AI built by Affectiva can identify the positions of facial muscles and uses them to infer the emotional state of its user. Then the machine responds in ways that take that emotional state into account. (The company is also working on identifying emotions using speech.)
One potential application for the technology's use would be to provide "emotional robots" for the elderly. Having a machine that could converse in an empathic way would give an older person without much human contact "someone" to spend time with.
The fact that this is even possible is pretty remarkable and serves as a testimony to how far and how fast our machines have come in the ability to react to environments (including us). But as more potential applications of the technology were discussed in El Kaliouby's lecture, the more it became clear to me how the technology is also a kind of trap we are preparing for ourselves.
We often like to say that technology is "value free." Scientists make their discoveries and engineers build their inventions, and these are all free of "values." It's society that adds those in. But I have never bought fully into that equation. All research occurs in cultural settings. Why are some research questions considered important (and worthy of funding) while others are deemed uninteresting? The answer to this question is always colored by the culture in which the researchers live.
More importantly, research programs can come with a raft of philosophical baggage. These underpin the assumptions made in developing and carrying forward those programs. The assumption that lies behind emotional computing technologies is that facial states capture emotions. From the computers point of view, they are emotions. At the root of this equation is a reduction of human experience to neural programming whose outward manifestation can be captured algorithmically.
The point here is not to begin an argument about the nature of consciousness. Instead, it's to see how technologies like Affectiva have built-in assumptions about what we are as humans. As the technologies are deployed in the world, they can reframe the world. In this way, technologies can rewire society in ways that can be hard to escape from. If you want an example, just think iPhones and social media.
So imagine we get robots that keep lonely, older people company. That is a good thing right? But won't that also relieve us from questioning how we ended up in a society that warehouses the elderly because we don't know what else to do with them? Might there be other, more humane — and human — solutions than robots (that will be sold at a steep price by the robot companies)?
Another example given in the lecture was something along the lines of allowing a family to watch different versions of the same show but each version gets tuned, in real time, to that family member's emotions. Perhaps the computer senses that brother wants a happy ending but sis wants everyone to die. I found this idea more than a little horrifying. It's not as if we don't live in our own bubbles enough now. Why provide more means to pull us away from shared experience?
This led to another troublesome problem. The technology will clearly have useful applications, like developing learning apps for kids with autism. But it will be in the domains of sales and coercion that it finds its greatest deployment. Our "emotion data" will be used against us to make money, or worse, for someone else.
But, at the root of it all, is the fact that "emotion data" is not the same thing as the real, vivid, present, enacted emotional experiences we have being human. Our emotions are not our faces or our voices. They aren't data. They can't be pulled out like a thread, one by one, from the fabric of our being.
But once a technology that treats emotions as data becomes pervasive, we may soon find that data is the only aspect of emotion we come to recognize or value. Once billions of dollars flood into that equation, we may find ourselves trapped in a pervasive technology that flattens our experiences and reduces our lives.
And that, more than robot overlords, is what scares me about AI.
Adam Frank is a co-founder of the 13.7 blog, an astrophysics professor at the University of Rochester and author of the upcoming book Light of the Stars: Alien Worlds and the Fate of the Earth. His scientific studies are funded by the National Science Foundation, NASA and the Department of Education. You can keep up with more of what Adam is thinking on Facebook and Twitter: @adamfrank4
LOS ANGELES — Arizona Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto has apologized and said it was a mistake for him to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado.
Major League Baseball spokesperson Michael Teevan said the commissioner's office is looking into the matter. Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
Arizona opens the NL Division Series on Friday against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Prieto said Thursday that he didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and it was on "airplane mode" during the game on Wednesday night. That setting shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities.
The former big league pitcher is an extra coach who also serves as interpreter for the Diamondbacks. He said he knows having the phone during the game violated MLB's rules. He said he apologized to manager Torey Lovullo and volunteered to turn the phone over to MLB officials.
"It was just an honest mistake," Lovullo said. "We asked, found out, and talked to Ariel, and that's what he told us. And in no way did it impact the game, and in no way is it going to impact the game tomorrow. It's just not something we do or believe in."
The Diamondbacks beat Colorado 11-8 Wednesday night and Prieto was shown wearing the watch during the game's telecast.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman whose 74-year-old dad was shot dead by Cleveland Facebook killer Steve Stephens has hit out at the "fraudulent" online fundraising appeals in his name.
There were at least nine GoFundMe pages claiming to raise cash for the family of Robert Godwin Snr, who was shot dead at point blank range in footage later posted on Facebook.
The random killing sparked a police manhunt spanning five US states - and Stephens claims to have killed more than a dozen other victims .
Mr Godwin's daughter today hit out at the "fraudulent" GoFundMe appeals set up in his name.
Debbie Godwin said on Twitter: "My father Robert Godwin Sr was murdered in cold blood via FB Live. People have set up GoFundMe accounts fraudulently. Please stop it."
(Photo: Behind__News/Twitter)
She also said on Facebook: "We do not nor will be starting a GoFundMe account for our father Robert Godwin Sr. If you are asked to donate to a GoFundMe account, please know it is not us."
It is unclear if the GoFundMe pages have been set up by 'frauds' seeking to exploit the tragedy or genuinely well-meaning strangers.
(Photo: Facebook)
One GoFundMe page, which has raised more than $24,000, says: "I cannot imagine the pain his family is going through right now. I am just a kid from Arizona who unfortunately saw this video on Facebook and wanted to help."
Another appeal, which has seen been taken down, claimed to have been set up by the victim's own grandson.
Mr Godwin was killed as he collected aluminium cans on a street in his neighbourhood, one of his sons said.
(Photo: CLEpolice/Twitter)
The victim was described as a kind and caring father-of-nine who would "give you the shirt off his back".
Stephens' mother claimed he was "shooting people" because he was "mad with his girlfriend", Joy Lane.
The pair had recently split, according to reports, and Stephens named his ex in the video and in an accompanying Facebook post.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A frustrated Amanda Holden revealed that she had "had a word" with fellow judge David Walliams about his lewd comments about her on Britain's Got Talent.
Tonight, however, David failed to relent as he continued to make a number of rude remarks.
This comes after David hinted that Simon and Amanda had romped in the past on the BGT spin-off show last night, leaving Simon furious.
Tonight on Britain's Got More Talent, host Stephen Mulhern made the judges play a game where they had to guess who said what.
The first comment had been: "I love cheese. I would really love a Stinky Bishop's Finger on a cracker."
(Image: ITV)
They all correctly guessed that Amanda had said it.
David couldn't help quip: "That's not the only place you'd really like a Bishop's Finger."
Amanda laughed but she exclaimed: "For god's sake David! I just had a conversation with you about this."
Simon continued to looked baffled by David, who continued to make lewd remarks.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
After it was revealed that Alesha had tried to get into Amanda's room when she was drunk, David remarked: "And then she went in my room - kept me up all night."
Later, a comment had been that someone had got a stain on their trousers - which had turned out to be David.
David then grinned and said: "We took it to the lab and we tested it was actually Simon's."
This led Simon to roll her eyes in frustration.
Oh dear...
*Britain's Got Talent returns tomorrow at 7.30pm on ITV
Why Pius IX Might Be The 'Most Important Pope' In Modern Church History Pius IX became head of the Catholic church in 1846 and instituted the doctrine of Papal infallibility. Pulitzer Prize-winning author David Kertzer says his exile led to the emergence of modern Italy.
Evo is bringing a new side to snow style in Denver. This cutting edge outdoor apparel and apparatus store is a leading online retailer for outdoor gear and fashion. Now they have their own shop at the corner of 8th and Broadway in Denver. They are a mountain, street and sports retailer all about keeping styles fresh and diverse by providing a look that can go from the slippery slopes to the sultry saloons.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
“We try to highlight different styles because we have a diverse cliental, but our core principal for evo style is new features that can be used on the mountain, as well at the bar and around town,” said Philip Cantrick, Denver store supervisor. “We also curate collections that are both functional and stylish with attention to a great mix of technical features at [a] great value from companies that we know have a track record for performance and life.”
The store carries North Face, 686, Patagonia and Arc'teryx to name a few, but they also like to keep it local.
“We do have core brands in each store, but we also highlight specific brands in each store like Strafe and Flylow – they are Colorado brands that make great jackets and we want to display their products,” Cantrick said. “It's a younger more free ride style.”
Evo provides a variety of styles, but they make sure it's something unique and centralized for each customer.
“Our pieces are collaborative between us and companies, that you can't find anywhere else,” he said. “I think part of what makes our apparel line unique is that we feature both new and expanding companies.”
Prices range anywhere from $100 to $700 depending on the item. All jackets provide technical pieces that make them great for outdoor activities while still looking good indoors.
“We have a collection for all styles and budgets and you can get away with wearing it to the office,” he said. “Each store has a mix that's curated to the market … we bring in styles for the Colorado customer and Colorado climate.”
Evo opened their first store in Seattle, Washington in 2005. Then they opened a second store in 2014 in Portland, Oregon. Finally, they decided to open their Denver location in the Fall of 2016 because the owner's family has roots in the state.
“Professionally and personally, this is exciting for me given a strong, lifelong connection to Colorado – my mom grew up in Allenspark, Colorado and my wife's family lives in Denver – and we have long looked at how evo could be more involved in the state,” said evo founder and CEO, Bryce Phillips, on the evo blog. “From all perspectives, I could not be happier about this big step forward for evo.”
The store is located at 860 Broadway in Denver, which was previously Edgeworks and The Bicycle Doctor, a world-class ski, snowboard and bicycle service, repair and tune shop. Edgeworks' owner, Matt Hupperts, decided to partner with evo and continue to run his services out of the renovated location.
“The first several months have been very successful in this store,” Cantrick said. “We look forward to providing much more to the community through SOS Outreach, a Colorado youth and empowerment organization.”
SOS Outreach is a youth development nonprofit program based out of Colorado that introduces youth to the great outdoors through a progressive, year-round leadership development curriculum.
“Evo is thrilled to be in the Denver market and looks forward to the store as an event space, community gathering space and retailer,” he said. “It's just the beginning.”
Models: Alex Green and Nic Sears
Photography: Meg O'Neill
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marouane Fellaini joins Manchester United's injury list ahead of the Premier League match against Huddersfield at Old Trafford.
The Belgium midfielder came off shortly after being brought on in the midweek defeat at Tottenham and faces a spell on the sidelines with a knee injury.
Defender Eric Bailly and striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic remain absent and defender Daley Blind has been out with an ankle issue recently but Alexis Sanchez is in line to make his home debut for United.
Expected line-up: De Gea, Valencia, Jones, Rojo, Shaw, Matic, Pogba, Mata, Sanchez, Rashford, Lukaku
(Image: REUTERS)
Huddersfield meanwhile will be without Danny Williams for a second game in succession.
Williams missed the midweek defeat to Liverpool due to the dead leg he suffered during the FA Cup tie against Birmingham and he has not recovered in time.
Chris Lowe (groin) is also ruled out as the Terriers try to end a four-game losing streak which has left them just a point above the relegation places. Loan signing Terence Kongolo was taken to hospital after feeling ill following the Liverpool game, but he has been given the all-clear.
LONDON (AP) — London fire investigators are painstakingly searching for more victims of an inferno that engulfed a high-rise apartment building and killed at least 12 residents.
Authorities say the death toll is expected to rise as emergency workers sift through more of the wreckage on Thursday.
The fire early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured dozens, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. The cause of the blaze is under investigation, but a tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
“The Shape of Water” leads the Golden Globe nominations this year, earning a total of seven nods, including the best dramatic picture. The story of a mute woman who falls in love with a humanoid water-creature also earned nominations for Sally Hakwins as best dramatic actor and best director for Guillermo del Toro.
Following close behind with six nominations each are “The Post,” Steven Spielberg's journalism drama, and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” Martin McDonagh's story of violence in a small town. Greta Gerwig's semi-autobiographical “Lady Bird” received four nods, including the best comedy and best comedic actress for Saoirse Ronan as a confused teenager in Northern California.
The nominations announced Monday, which came at the end of a year rocked by sexual assault scandals within Hollywood, seemed to focus on films that were led or made by women. Margot Robbie earned a comedic actress nod as Tonya Harding in “I, Tonya,” as did Emma Stone as Billie Jean King in “Battle of the Sexes,” a film that was co-directed by Valerie Faris. One glaring omission in that arena, however, was “Wonder Woman,” the female-fronted and female-directed superhero film that has been widely considered a historic moment for gender equality in the film industry.
A surprise nomination for supporting actor came for Christopher Plummer, who plays the oil tycoon J. Paul Getty in “All the Money in the World” — a role he took only after the original actor, Kevin Spacey, was edited out of the film in the wake of allegations of sexual assault. That film also earned the best directing nod for Ridley Scott.
As always, the Golden Globes, which are bestowed by the mercurial Hollywood Foreign Press Association, raise questions about what films will fare best at the Oscars. Two movies widely considered Oscar front-runners, Christopher Nolan's World War II drama “Dunkirk” and the gay romance “Call Me By Your Name,” were both nominated for best dramatic picture but received only three nominations each. The racially-charged horror-satire “Get Out,” one of the year's best-reviewed movies, earned nominations for best comedy and Daniel Kaluuya for best comedic actor.
This year's head-scratcher was a dramatic acting nod for Denzel Washington as a civil-rights lawyer in the tepidly-received and little-seen “Roman J. Israel, Esq.”
The television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies” earned a number of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgård) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.) FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored several nods, including the best comedy series.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Also with numerous nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and NBC's “This Is Us.” Left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV shows affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of film producer Harvey Weinstein's ouster.
— With AP
Today a republication of a Zero Hedge post, (see here) but dovetailing into yesterday's post. As from the linked to post, we can see the cultural war in full swing.
What is important to understand is that Cultural Marxism, which has the US and Western European population in it's grip, is beginning to lose that grip. As best as this humble blogger can tell, the phase that we have entered into in this cycle of Marxist domination, is analogous to the phase the Soviet Union entered into after the death of Stalin.
As my dear and loyal readers know, Khrushchev who succeeded Stalin, began to admit the horrors that took place under Stalin and began to loosen the Soviet propaganda's Communist hard line #fakenarratives.
As with any analogy, even the good ones tend to break down at a certain point. Given this fact, today's “propaganda ministry” is controlled by a group of “high tech oligarchs” who own the social media platforms. These oligarchs are trying to ban conservative speech from from these purportedly “public” platforms.
Yet, these platforms relay on the “sex appeal” that is generated by the celebrities, which is one of the Achilles heels of this media sector. These celebrities every now and then tend to go off the rails, much like the Russian writers did under Stalin and Khrushchev. Think Boris Pasternak – 1958 Nobel Prize in Literature for Dr. Zhivago. These celebrities, who need to have a wider appeal (to generate more income) will see their celebrity friends, such as Kanye West doing quite well and follow the trend.
This trend will simmer and expand until it breaks out in what can be called an Alexander Solzhenitsyn moment. As you will recall, when Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago appeared in the West, the Soviet Union's dark past was relieved for all to see. The biggest impact of this “great awakening”, or what we today call becoming “WOKE”, caused the Marxist “academics” to transform themselves from “economic Marxists” and hardliner Stalinists into the post-Modernists. Please see the video above.
Concluding, as best as I can tell, we are passing the Boris Pasternak moment. The AWOKE movement has germinated and is growing, yet it is being blocked from going “prime time”.
The reason being, the #fakenews media is still too strong for the OBJECTIVE REALITY to break through. They will not “PLATFORM” it. This situation can be easily seen in the parallel universe that is the “muh Russia” investigations. (see latest here)
On the side of BIG MEDIA, the social media companies are trying to “DE-PLATFORM” OBJECTIVE REALITY. However, since their income is derived from this economic model, and they have lost governmental control (monopoly) due to the election of the Very Stable Genius President Donald Trump, they will need… bah they will be forced to relent eventually. That is if they don't want competition to arise. So it's a race against time for these oligarchs.
Therefore, what this humble blogger is waiting for, is the Solzhenitsyn Moment. This moment will come when we begin seeing the major University Campuses casting off their post-Modernist radicalism (stop their war on COMPETENCE, as per Chomsky video) and returning to a classical liberal educational model. Some signs of this has been observed already, as we have chronicled on this blog, in posts that this blog has linked to HERE and HERE.
So all in all, progress is being made, but we still have a long way to go.
Yet it's better today than it was yesterday, and it will be better tomorrow than it is today.
And we will be watching…
*****
The Bombay Stock Exchange. Shares of MTNL on Wednesday closed 1.48% lower at Rs16.65 a unit on the BSE. Photo: Madhu Kapparath/HT
New Delhi:State-run telecom operator MTNL on Wednesday reported widening of standalone net loss to around Rs900 crore in the quarter ended March 2018.
The company had posted a net loss of Rs634.8 crore in the same period a year ago. Total income of MTNL on a standalone basis declined by 31.4% to Rs660.02 crore in the last quarter of 2017-18 from Rs963.12 crore posted in the corresponding quarter of 2016-17.
For year ended 31 March, 2018, the loss of MTNL on a standalone basis widened to Rs2,973.03 crore from Rs2,941.08 crore it posted a year ago.
Total annual income of the loss making firm on standalone basis declined by 12.27% to Rs3,116.42 crore for fiscal year (FY) 2018 from Rs3,552.46 crore it recorded at the end of financial year 2016-17.
On consolidated basis, MTNL reported widening of annual loss to Rs2,970.91 crore for financial year 2017-18 from a loss of Rs2,936.05 crore it posted in the preceding fiscal.
The consolidated total income of the company for financial year 2017-18 declined by around 12% to Rs3,217.2 crore from Rs3,654.69 crore it posted for previous fiscal.
Shares of MTNL on Wednesday closed 1.48% lower at Rs16.65 a unit on the BSE.
By ERIC TUCKER
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is rescinding Obama-era guidance that encouraged schools to take a student's race into account in order to promote diversity in admissions, a U.S. official said Tuesday.
The shift would give schools and universities the federal government's blessing to take a race-neutral approach to students they consider for admission.
The action comes amid a high-profile court fight over admission at Harvard University as well as Supreme Court turnover expected to produce a more critical eye toward schools' affirmative action policies.
The high court's most recent significant ruling on the subject bolstered colleges' use of race among many factors in the college admission process. But the opinion's author, Anthony Kennedy, announced his retirement last week, giving President Donald Trump a chance to replace him with a justice who will be more reliably skeptical of admissions programs that take race and ethnicity into account.
A formal announcement was expected later Tuesday from the Justice and Education departments, according to the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the official was not authorized to discuss the new guidance ahead of its release.
The new policy would depart from the stance taken by the Obama administration, which in a 2011 policy document said schools have a “compelling interest” in ensuring a diverse student body. The guidance said that while race should not be the primary factor in an admission decision, schools could lawfully consider it in the interest of achieving diversity.
“Institutions are not required to implement race-neutral approaches if, in their judgment, the approaches would be unworkable,” the guidance said. “In some cases, race-neutral approaches will be unworkable because they will be ineffective to achieve the diversity the institution seeks.”
The administration issued a similar guidance document in 2016 aimed at giving schools a framework for “considering race to further the compelling interests in achieving diversity and avoiding racial isolation.” That document said elementary and secondary schools, in the interest of diversity, could consider race and socio-economic status in decisions on school zoning and location, grade realignment and enrollment.
The Obama approach replaced Bush-era policy from a decade earlier that discouraged affirmative action programs and instead encouraged the use of race-neutral alternatives, like percentage plans and economic diversity programs.
The Trump administration's move appears in line with Bush administration policy. Such guidance does not have the force of law, but schools could use it to help defend themselves against lawsuits over their admission policies.
The Justice Department in the Trump administration had already signaled its concern about the use of race in admissions decisions. The department this year sided with Asian-American plaintiffs suing Harvard University who argue that the school unlawfully limits how many of Asian students are admitted.
Students for Fair Admissions, the group suing Harvard, is led by Ed Blum, a legal strategist who also helped white student Abigail Fisher sue the University of Texas for alleged discrimination in a case that went to the Supreme Court.
Blum said Tuesday that the organization “welcomes any governmental actions that will eliminate racial classifications and preferences in college admissions.” Harvard, meanwhile, said it would continue considering race as an admissions factor to bring together a “diverse campus community where students from all walks of life have the opportunity to learn with and from each other.”
Civil liberties groups immediately decried the move, saying it went against decades of court rulings that permit colleges and universities to take race into account.
“We condemn the Department of Education's politically motivated attack on affirmative action and deliberate attempt to discourage colleges and universities from pursuing racial diversity at our nation's colleges and universities,” Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement.
The Supreme Court has been generally accepting of considering race in admissions decisions. In 2016, the court, in an opinion written by Kennedy, granted affirmative action policies a narrow victory by permitting race to be among the factors considered in the college admission process.
The ruling bitterly disappointed conservatives who thought that Kennedy would be part of a Supreme Court majority to outlaw affirmative action in education. Justice Antonin Scalia died after the court heard arguments in the case but before the decision was handed down.
The new affirmative action guidance could add to an already contentious fight over the next justice. With Trump expected to announce his nominee next week, the issue should be a central part of any confirmation process, said Howard University School of Law Dean Danielle Holley-Walker.
She called the new guidance “highly unfortunate and counterproductive” and said the decision is another indication that the Justice Department under Attorney General Jeff Sessions is likely to be fairly aggressive toward schools that do continue to factor in race in admissions decisions.
“People have been talking about precedent in regard to Roe. v. Wade” — the landmark 1973 ruling affirming a woman's right to abortion — “but it's important to remember that affirmative action has been a precedent for the past 40 years,” she said. “This is a clear attack on precedent. Any Supreme Court nominee needs to be asked if they support precedent related to affirmative action.”
Officials have located a missing Alzheimer's patient who walked away from an adult foster care home twice in the last two months.
The Bay City Department of Public Safety said 51-year-old Mark Ureel was last seen at Premier Care Assisted Living located at 1109 16th Street in Bay City at around 8 a.m.
Shortly before 1 p.m. officials said he had been located. No other details were released.
Ureel also went missing last month from an adult foster care home.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
-File Photo
ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani student from Peshawar has developed useful device for the blind people which helps them walk by indicating if there's any obstacle ahead.
A private news channel reported that Hafsa Jamal made Sonic Eye to help the blind walk. The device includes a white stick which has a navigation device attached. There is a sensor too with buzzer that goes off whenever there is an obstacle in the path.
The young student told that she is also preparing a mobile app for the device. It will also help the blind people to navigate through their phones without even using a stick.
Hafsa has the idea to even place such navigation devices in daily use items like currency notes or cameras that will help identify the kind of obstacle.
The device can be made available throughout the country with government support. —APP
'You Can't Take It With You' in Austin Gardens
Frida Kahlo birthday celebration at Museica's Sip & Paint
Millennium Art Festival in Downtown Chicago
If you're a fan of the arts, mark your calendars: There's plenty to do when it comes to artistic events around Chicago this week. From an eccentric 1930s stage production to an acclaimed fine arts festival, here's what's coming up.---Catch a staging of "You Can't Take It With You" in the open-air Oak Park Festival Theatre in Austin Gardens this weekend.The 1930s comedy showcases the Sycamore family, "a merry melange of free-thinkers, eccentrics, odd-balls and lovable others." The drama begins when Alice's in-laws arrive for dinner to give their blessing to the marriage -- on the wrong night -- and meet Alice's peculiar extended family in all its glory. Will the two polar-opposite families find common ground? Find out at an 8 p.m. production each evening this weekend.Thursday, July 5, 8-10 p.m.Austin Gardens, 167 Forest Ave., Oak Park$32 general admission; free for children ages 12 and under; additional discounts availableCelebrate Frida Kahlo's birthday with Museica's Sip & Paint. The bring-your-own-booze party will feature a fajita dinner followed by a painting class as the 2002 film "Frida" is screened.Friday, July 6, 6:30-9:30 p.m.Museica's Sip & Paint, 2052 N. Western Ave.$40Dive into fine art at the Millennium Art Festival. The acclaimed art and design show will feature the work of more than 110 juried artists. Expect to view a diverse array of original pieces -- from paintings and ceramics to photography and furniture -- and enjoy live performances, food and interactive art in the streets.Friday, July 6, 11 a.m.-6 p.m.Downtown Chicago, Lake Street at Michigan AvenueFree
People who snore loudly are up to three times more likely to develop dementia, according to new research.
The study suggests it cuts off oxygen supply during sleep which can lead to brain damage.
Sleep apnoea is the most common sleep disorder, affecting about 1.5 million Brits, and is treated by wearing a mask in bed that blows air into the back of the throat.
Now the first study of its kind is being launched to see if the therapy prevents dementia – the UK's biggest killer.
Professor Elizabeth Coulson, of the Queensland Brain Institute at the University of Queensland, said: “Treating sleep apnoea may reduce dementia risk.
“People who suffer from sleep apnoea are two to three times more likely to develop Alzheimer's disease.
“This could be because hypoxia – lower levels of oxygen in the blood from poor breathing – causes nerve cell death.”
The condition is caused when the muscles and soft tissue in the throat relax, causing a blockage of the airways.
It interferes with breathing, often stopping it altogether for short periods many times a night leading to lack of oxygen, restless sleep and heavy snoring.
The condition blights the lives of about one in 20 people – five per cent of the population. Twice more common in men than women, it can begin at any time, including childhood. Many sufferers are unaware they have it.
So Prof Coulson and colleagues are enrolling sleep apnoea patients aged 55 to 75 to see if wearing the CPAP (Continuous Positive Airways Pressure) mask stops or slows brain degeneration.
The team found inadequate oxygen levels during sleep can harm and neurons and raise the risk of developing Alzheimer's.
Prof Coulson explained people sleep apnoea results in lower levels of oxygen in the blood, known medically as hypoxia. This can triple the risk of Alzheimer's. The researchers have been investigating the mechanisms by which this occurs, finding hypoxia leads to the degeneration of an area of the brain important for attention and learning.
Prof Coulson said sleep apnoea affects more than a million Australian adults, and is usually treated with CPAP.
It consists of a plastic mask that fits over the nose and mouth and is connected to a machine that blows air under low pressure continually into the back of the throat,
Prof Coulson said this keeps the airway open, helps maintain correct oxygen levels and, ultimately allows for a better quality sleep.
The response is immediate and obvious after only a few hours or one night.
He said: “The next stage of our research involves following patients with sleep apnoea over an extended period of time to determine whether CPAP protects against cognitive decline.”
Sleep apnoea is a serious condition which can lead to other problems such as high blood pressure, which in turn can lead to strokes and heart attacks.
Professor Pankaj Sah, director of the Queensland Brain Institute, said the research could lead to initiating early intervention in patients.
He added: “Sleep disturbances can occur up to 10 years prior to Alzheimer's disease.
“Considering that Alzheimer's affects roughly one third of the elderly population, this important research may inform preventative public health measures in the future.”
Sleep apnoea causes excessive sleepiness and tiredness during the day so that people often fall asleep at work, during meals or even standing up.
In drivers or people working with heavy machinery the dangers are clear.
There is good evidence to show that the incidence of road accidents is high in individuals with the condition.
It also means that people become depressed or bad tempered and lacking in concentration, disrupting their social lives and relationships.
Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia and now affects more than 500,000 people in the UK – a figure expected to triple by 2050. Dementia affects the ability to remember, think and reason.
The coach had little to add about Folk's future on Friday, shrugging off a question about impending plans to work out other kickers.
"I'm really not sure where that stands," Koetter said.
Folk was signed last March to compete with Aguayo after the 2016 second-round draft pick struggled as a rookie.
One of the best kickers in college football history at Florida State, Aguayo went 22 of 31 on field goal also missed two extra points last season.
Folk, who won the job in training camp, is six of 11 on field goals and eight of 10 of extra points through four games.
"I've said this many times — whoever our guys are, I have total confidence in them," Koetter said of the decision to go with Folk over Aguayo, who was released in August.
"I think Nick was kicking very well up until a week ago. He is a rough day against the Giants," the coach added. "He came back, the one day we kicked in practice (before the New England game), he kicked very well. We had no reason to think Nick wasn't going to kick well last night."
After playing twice in five days, players will have the weekend and Monday off before returning to work on Tuesday.
"I'll probably get away, hang out with my wife and kids," Folk said. "That's all you can really do right now."
The kicker said he had not yet watched film of Thursday night's misses, but that he will at some point.
"You have to be able to evaluate yourself, look at it and improve," Folk said, adding that when practice resumes that he'll "get back out there and keep going."
"That's all you can do," he said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
By Fred Goodall, The Associated Press
A new leak has revealed the images captured with the upcoming OnePlus 5 flagship. One can't tell for sure if this is legitimate, but previous leaks of this nature have been proven to be the real deal, so we're fairly optimistic about this. The image details reveal that the picture was taken with the OnePlus A5000 in Shenzhen, China (as per the coordinates mentioned in the EXIF data).
It's hard to tell much from these images, but the source claims that the handset could have a dual camera setup. Given that we've seen dual cameras from almost every major smartphone manufacturer, this doesn't particularly come as a surprise. Both sensors could have the same resolution (16MP rumored), which is in line with a few previous reports as well.
Overall, the OnePlus 5 could be gearing up to be one of the best low-cost flagships to have launched this year and could give the likes of the Xiaomi Mi 6 a run for its money. In addition to featuring attractive camera hardware, the OnePlus 5 is also expected to come with a bunch of neat features on board such as 8GB of RAM, the octa-core Snapdragon 835 processor, Android 7.1 Nougat, and a 4,000mAh battery.
The handset is expected to retain the 5.5-inch Optic AMOLED display, but with a resolution of 2560x1440. This has the makings of becoming yet another popular flagship for the company, provided OnePlus can keep up with the demand.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Share. The hottest tabletop games of the year so far. The hottest tabletop games of the year so far.
There are now far too many brilliant board games coming out to keep up with them all. Most are designed to have huge replay value and never really “end” like video games do. So this is a problem that's only going to grow bigger and bigger, the deeper you get into the tabletop hobby.
To help you keep track of this ever-growing snowball of awesome, we've selected some of the best and hottest new board games of 2017. Our list spans the range from light to heavy, competitive to cooperative, whimsical to serious. Take a look and take your pick - you can't go wrong with any of these choices. As long as you can find them in stock, of course.
1. Gloomhaven
1-4 players
Learning curve: Steep
See it on Amazon
Let's start with Gloomhaven, 2017's biggest hit. The massive box weighs over 8 kilos and promises untold hours of play. At its core, Gloomhaven is a classic dungeon exploration game. Players cooperate to clear out treacherous tombs and risk-filled ruins. What's made it so popular are several clever twists to the formula. It's got strategic combat, a choosey your own adventure style book to add narrative heft between adventures and, best of all, it's a legacy game. That means you'll physically change your own copy as you play, until it becomes visually and mechanically unique to you and your group
2. Near and Far
2-4 players
Learning curve: Moderate
See it on Amazon
Staying with the fantasy theme, Near and Far is a reworking of 2015's Above and Below, a surprising blend of resource management and storybook. Near and Far throws exploration and adventure into the mix. It also improves the writing and mechanics of the previous game, creating something smart and fresh. Heroes need to carefully balance their selection of equipment and provisions in town. They travel into the wilderness, strike camp and take up quests. Between the illustrated atlas and the book of stories, playing Near and Far builds a potent and palpable sense of place.
3. This War of Mine: The Board Game
1-6 players
Learning curve: Moderate
See it on Amazon
Board games lengthy paragraphs of background fiction, which add depth and detail to the narrative, date back to 1985's Tales of the Arabian Nights and surely even earlier. But they're becoming 2017's ”big thing”. This War of Mine, an adaptation of the video game, is another example using extended fiction to great effect. In many respects it follows the mechanics of the original. Players cooperate to survive in a war-torn city by improving their shelter during day and scavenging for supplies at night. But the added richness from the story book and the social dynamic of playing with friends lends extra emotional gravity to proceedings. Given the bleak scenario, it can be a roller-coaster ride.
4. Santorini
2-4 players
Learning curve: Easy
See it on Amazon
Let's lighten the mood with some lighter fare - not every hit new game is a bleak battle for survival. The basic version of Santorini is a simple but devilish family abstract. Players race to build towers, but the trick is that well-placed buildings can box in your opponents while also advancing your own citadel. What catapults the game into red-hot territory, though, is the god powers variant. This gives each player a unique way to break the rules, making for huge replay value, and the game as a whole a shiny layer of mythical theme. It's sold out, but a restocking should hopefully be inbound soon.
5. Kingdomino
2-4 players
Learning curve: Easy
See it on Amazon
Although printed in 2016, this won 2017's most coveted gaming award, the Spiel des Jahres. This German prize seeks to reward accessibility and inventiveness in game design, and Kingdomino has both in spades. It's based on the classic end-to-end piece matching of dominoes. But rather than a shared number grid, you use pictures on the pieces to build your own kingdom. Clever piece-selection and scoring rules add considerable depth for only a little extra effort. It's family-friendly but the shallow learning curve makes it fearsomely addictive for players of any age. A more challenging stand-alone variant, Queendomino, is due later this year.
6. Anachrony
1-4 players
Learning curve: Steep
See it on Amazon
Moving back to heavier fare, Anachrony is this year's top worker placement game. This staple mechanic sees players assigning pieces to certain tasks to gain resources. Although it's a rich vein of strategic depth, designers have mined to death in recent years. Anachrony, however, has found one last lodestone: time travel. If you want a quick boost you can "borrow" resources from the future. The catch is you then need to make sure you have them spare on the appropriate turn, else you risk devastating paradoxes. With some other smart tweaks to the formula and high production values, this is one of 2017's heavyweight champions.
7. First Martians
1-4 players
Learning curve: Steep
See it on Amazon
Worker placement doesn't always have to be competitive. 2012's hit Robinson Crusoe tasked players to use their workers to help them survive a variety of desert island scenarios. Now, the same designer has tasked us with the trickier problem of surviving on Mars. As well as the change of setting, this game boasts a bunch of design boosts over the original. Most intriguing is the use of an app to generate random encounters and to "save" the game state. That, in turn, makes it easy to try the campaign mode which links all the scenarios together.
8. 5-Minute Dungeon
2-5 players
Learning curve: Easy
See it on Amazon
This is another game with a companion app, which it uses to ensure it's one of the very few board games to boast an accurate estimated play time. It achieves this astonishing five minute feat by having the app set a stopwatch for the session.As it ticks down the timer, players have to work together to match symbols from their cards with those on a random selection of monsters. With hidden hands, hero abilities and the thrilling terror of that timer, it's much harder than it sounds. Make it through one dungeon and another, harder one awaits until you manage to defeat the big boss at the end of the fifth level.
9. Sagrada
1-4 players
Learning curve: Easy
See it on Amazon
You'd expect a game about making stained glass for churches to be beautiful, and Sagrada doesn't disappoint. Players use transparent gem dice to represent the panes in their windows, but there's more meat on offer than just drafting beautiful designs. They have to draft the dice too, from a limited pool, for starters. Then a variety of placement and scoring rules curtail your creativity into a fiendish Sudoku-like challenge. Secret objectives and bidding to use helpful tools elevate the Sudoku like puzzle aspects with some added strategy. Simple rules, striking aesthetics and satisfying puzzle solving give Sagrada a very wide range of appeal.
10. Century: Spice Road
2-5 players
Learning curve: Easy
See it on Amazon
On the surface Century: Spice Road is a quick-fire game of resource management. As a merchant in the historic spice trade, you start with a meager selection of wares. It's your job to build up a hand of cards to acquire, trade and upgrade your stock to victory. With players having just one action per turn, it's fast paced and very simple. Yet as with all the best games, it belies surprising depth, forcing trade-offs between spending spice on better cards and saving it for points. It also heralds an interesting new concept. This is the first of a trilogy of titles, each of which stands alone but which will combine into one grand game of mercantile bliss when they're all released.
It is batter up for AMC's #TheWalkingDead when it returns later this year, while the climactic season finale told us that the worst is yet to come. Although the hotly anticipated eighth season is still months away, the little trickle of news will help us forget the agonizing wait over the summer and quench our #zombie appetite.
One man who certainly seems in it for the long run is #JeffreyDeanMorgan's Negan, the leather-clad asshole who we love to hate. However, even the show's Public Enemy No. 1 is left relatively in the dark about where the show will go next. However, he already promised that the show will come back swinging, but now he has revealed that we are just days away from starting filming — better fetch the body bags.
War Is On The Horizon
"We start shooting in 10 days, and I haven't seen the scripts. I might be dead, @wwwbigbaldhead might be dead" @jdmorgan teases #WSCSF pic.twitter.com/vuJdsOjt94 — Walker Stalker Con (@WalkrStalkrCon) April 15, 2017
Speaking at the Walker Stalker Convention in San Francisco on April 15, Morgan told the panel, "We start shooting in 10 days." This means that work on Season 8 should be scheduled to start on April 25. It is good news for fans of the show, as with shooting due to start so soon, it means it won't be long before those ravenous spoiler hounds will be letting us know what is going on over in Atlanta.
While he played dumb on what will be going on and who else will return, Jeffrey did the usual casting tease that everyone always does, and threw his character's fate up in the air:
"I haven't seen the scripts. I might be dead. Norman Reedus might be dead."
Pull the other one, Jeffrey, we all know Negan will be sticking around for a lot longer.
See also:
Swing And A Miss
'The Walking Dead' [Credit: AMC]
However, let's not get too ahead of ourselves because the wait till October could get a hell of a lot longer. The Walking Dead is on the cusp of being stopped dead in its tracks if the planned writers strike goes ahead in America. Negotiations between the WGA and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers broke down over equal pay for writers, meaning that a strike is planned for May 2 unless an agreement can be reached. Some shows are stockpiling scripts, ordering emergency re-writes, or just facing the inevitable. So yeah, Jeffrey, maybe pack a little lighter this year, it could be a short trip!
Surely a show as big as The Walking Dead will have a contingency, but as of yet, AMC is remaining tight-lipped on how the strike could affect its shows. When the show does return, it is expected to tackle the "All Out War" storyline, especially considering that Season 7 laid the groundwork for up to about Issue #114 of #RobertKirman's #comicbook source material. That means that Season 8 will presumably tackle Issues #115–#130, the "All Out War" battle, and its aftermath.
With Season 7 being heavy on main cast departures, don't expect Season 8 to let up on the bloodshed. #ScottGimple's show differs dramatically from the comic books, meaning that literally anyone can die at any time. With non-comic creations like Daryl and Jadis featuring heavily in the show, all bets are off. Who knows, maybe Jeffrey is right and Negan could be killed off in 8x01 — maybe, but definitely not.
In the meantime, we are left on tenterhooks until the writer negotiations resolve themselves. If the strike does go ahead, it could mirror the 2007–2008 strike and we could be facing our own dystopian zombie apocalypse by the time The Walking Dead returns to our screens.
Check out the zombie tributes of The Walking Dead and don't forget our poll below!
Want more original Movie Pilot video? Click here!
Poll Are you excited for 'The Walking Dead' Season 8? Yes - it is the best show on TV
No - it is awful!
I will still watch, but it needs to pick up the pace from Season 7
[Poll Image Credit: AMC]
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The House of Commons returns today after a two-week Easter break that has been dominated by international events.
It would be a surprise if there were no requests for statements on North Korea , the Turkish referendum and the chemical weapons attack in Syria .
Of course it is in the Government's gift to offer a statement voluntarily but given Boris Johnson's less than glorious recent outings ministers may have to be dragged to the chamber.
Johnson's first serious intervention since becoming Foreign Secretary saw his call for further sanctions against Moscow humiliatingly rejected by his G7 colleagues .
Johnson's appointment was one of Theresa May's more curious choices.
(Photo: REUTERS)
His brand of brain box buffoonery has a limited audience in Britain but plays especially badly in those countries which regard foreign policy as an earnest piece of statecraft.
Recently he has come across as a character actor who resents the fact he has never been asked to perform King Lear.
Though it has never been clear whether he is a clown who wishes to be taken seriously or a serious person who always wants to play the clown.
Johnson's role was diminished as soon as Mrs May decided to hand responsibility for Brexit from the Foreign Office to the Department for Exiting the EU.
He can hardly complain about that, nor about the degrading of the UK's position as the bridge between America and Europe, given he was the most prominent cheerleader for our withdrawal from the European Union.
If there is any consolation for Johnson, it will be that Philip Hammond's reputation is also on the ebb.
(Photo: PA)
The Chancellor faces Treasury questions for the first time since he was forced to rip up the centrepiece of his Budget .
At some point he is going to have to explain how he is going to find the £2billion he would have raised from increasing National Insurance contributions.
Money, it should be remembered, that was earmarked for social care.
Brexit, of course, continues to dominate almost every aspect of Parliamentary life.
Today the Culture, Media and Sport committee will hear from fashion designer Oswald Boateng and others on the impact of leaving the EU on the creative industries.
Jeremy Corbyn is on the local election campaign trail in Birmingham today where he will announce plans for a 17% increase in the Carer's Allowance .
It is the latest in a series of eye-catching policy announcements from Labour.
Disappointingly for Labour the construction of a solid policy platform has yet to translate into a change of fortunes in the polls .
The party's position remains dire, as do Mr Corbyn's personal ratings.
© AP Photo/ Adel Hana
© AFP 2017/ Mahmud Hams
© AP Photo/ Adel Hana
© AP Photo/ Tsafrir Abayov
© REUTERS/ Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
The abandonment of 1.8 million men, women, and children to their fate in Gaza by the so-called international community is one of the most grievous moral outrages of our time.Since 2007 the Gaza Strip - comprising a narrow stretch of land which hugs the eastern Mediterranean Coast, and which at 40km long and 12km (at its widest point) is one of the most densely populated parts of the world - has existed in a state of unyielding siege and blockade. Nothing can enter or leave via its Erez border crossing with Israel to the north, or its Rafah border crossing with Egypt to the south, without the consent of the Israeli authorities in agreement with their Egyptian counterparts.A 2017 UN report into living conditions in Gaza confirms that "on the ground, life for the average Palestinian in Gaza is getting more and more wretched. This year electricity is the most visible deterioration in the living conditions in Gaza but it comes on top of a host of other chronic and acute problems that have become part of 'normal' life. An 11-year-old child has not experienced more than 12 hours of electricity in a single day in his/her lifetime. No one remembers a time in recent memory when drinkable water reliably appeared out of the tap. Memories of ease of movement in and out of the Strip are also increasingly distant."Meanwhile, according to a recent Amnesty International report , "Israel's military blockade of the Gaza Strip [has] entered its 10th year, continuing the collective punishment of Gaza's entire population." It also cites the fact that the Israelis maintain a "buffer zone" inside the Strip and have used "live fire and other weapons against Palestinians who entered or approached it."Writer and journalist Max Blumenthal described his own experience of entering Gaza and passing through this buffer zone in a 2015 interview with fellow journalist Glenn Greenwald. "You wander down a long corridor, which is a cage," Blumenthal recalled, "and then you arrive at a metal door at a concrete wall. The metal door opens, it shuts behind you, and you're inside what is effectively a walled-off ghetto."He goes on:"You look down this endless wall, to your right, and you see a remote-controlled machine gun perched on the wall. That's the spot and strike system, which is operated by an all-female unit of Israeli soldiers in the Negev Desert, tens of kilometers away, by remote. And what they do is, they watch the buffer zone - this 300 [meter] area that Palestinians are forbidden from entering inside the Gaza Strip. And anyone who enters who they determine to be a 'terrorist,' they eliminate with the push of a joystick button from a remote-controlled machine gun. It's just that dystopian."Punctuating this daily lived experience of misery for the Palestinians of Gaza are regular Israeli attacks from land, sea, and air, which are tantamount to war crimes given that due to the lack of space in the Strip they are indiscriminate and regularly result in the massacre of civilians. And this is without taking into account the two full-scale military assaults unleashed by the Israelis on Gaza - Operation Cast Lead in 2008-09, and Operation Protective Edge in 2014 - in which thousands of civilians were killed and maimed, many of them children.Israel's geostrategic importance to the United States and its European allies has allowed it free rein in its brutal repression of the Palestinian people, both in the Gaza Strip and across the Occupied Territories of the West Bank and East Jerusalem. It is afforded a level of geopolitical and diplomatic support that no other state engaged in such wanton crimes against humanity would enjoy, thus exposing the moral bankruptcy of the US and those European governments which continue to deny not only the righteousness of the Palestinian struggle for justice but their status as victims of a continuing monstrous injustice.In defending its apparatus of repression - which includes apartheid, ethnic cleansing, siege, torture, arbitrary detention without trial, and violence - the word "terrorism" is consistently invoked. When it comes to Gaza specifically, the Israelis cite the existence and actions of Hamas, which governs the Gaza Strip, as a threat to its security and the security of its citizens, specifically those living in Israeli towns adjacent to Gaza.While there is no gainsaying the fact that attacks unleashed against Israeli civilians by Hamas are indefensible, they are not incomprehensible given the severity of the occupation. What Israel and its supporters are careful to elide when it comes to Hamas is the salient fact that the Islamist group is a product of this occupation, which has lasted since 1967 and shows no evidence of ending.Prison imprisons the guards as much as it does the inmates, and the chains that bind the Palestinians also bind their oppressors. It is hard to imagine that on any given day the word "Palestine" or "Palestinian" does not intrude on the consciousness of people living in Israel, reminding them of a people who remain unbowed, despite their miserable condition, just a few miles from the affluence they themselves have long taken for granted.
"We came to Cuba with a list of about five or six pitchers that we wanted, and we're very happy with the two that we got."
Lahera, who's used as both as starter and reliever for Artemisa in the Cuban league, can fill a similar swing-man role in Kitchener, Boehmer said.
Lahera has a durable arm, and like the three others has played for Cuba's national team.
Martinez and his toothpicks, meanwhile, should arrive with the rest of the Cubans in early May, once visas are issued.
Boehmer said the toothpick thing is just part of the wily veteran's quirks.
"That's what he's always done, so obviously he's a bit of a character," Boehmer said.
Brampton's Jasvir Rakkar, the former Chicago Cubs prospect who had an 2.27 ERA for the Panthers last season, is also returning and will be a key part of the starting rotation.
The Panthers, who despite the imports, say they have more local players than any other team in the league, are reloading as more teams in the IBL turn to imported players to strengthen their rosters.
The resurrected Guelph Royals are bringing in five import players from the Dominican Republic — pitchers Yunior Juan Yambatis, Yomar Flande Concepcion, Jorge Luis De La Cruz Paez and Edwin Adon Javier, and infielder Narciso Avila Padilla.
The new players were picked by Royals new manager Dave teBoekhorst and owner Shawn Fuller during a scouting trip this winter.
The Brantford Red Sox have signed three Dominicans, including right-hander Euclides Leyer, shortstop Ordomar Valdez — and a left-handed pitcher named Jose Bautista.
No, not that Jose Bautista (he's in Atlanta).
Burlington has also loaded up on imports, including former Kansas City Royals draft picks Jeremy Gwinn and Clay Miller, Washington's Derik Bontempo and Hawaian outfielder Jensen Park, a former Colorado Rockies draft pick.
While Toronto and Hamilton have focused on signing domestic players, Barrie and London's rosters are also expected to be staffed with some imported help.
The 100th season of the IBL starts May 6 in Barrie. The Panthers' first home game will be Sunday, May 13 against the London Majors at 2 p.m. at Jack Couch Park.
gmercer@therecord.com,
Twitter: @MercerRecord
gmercer@therecord.com ,
Twitter: @MercerRecord
Announced in 2014, but launched many months later in mid-2015, it felt like a long time before we could brandish the Apple Watch on our wrists in public and share our full verdict of Apple's first smartwatch.
Our original Apple Watch review at the time praised it for its clever interface and stylish design, but criticized it for a high price and limited battery life.
We gave it 3.5 stars out of five, but our Apple Watch 2 and Apple Watch 3 got 4 stars and 4.5 stars respectively, so you can see it's certainly improved.
Our review has changed a lot since it was originally published (we've updated it with details for the newer watches too) but we thought we'd go back on this three-year anniversary of its release to see if our criticisms of the first device have been addressed, or whether all we've seen is a modern upgrade to the same device - after all, it does look rather similar...
An always on display
This is one we're surprised Apple hasn't managed to fix yet.
In our original review, Gareth Beavis noted: “The fact the time isn't always showing on the face isn't brilliant - while the wrist raise is among the most infallible I've encountered, there are still times when I'm lying down, want to know the time and have to tap the watch face to find out.”
Many smartwatches now come with an always on display. Take, for example, the Ticwatch E and Ticwatch S that both sit in our best smartwatch list both come with an always on display so you can always keep an eye on the time.
That's something you still don't get on the Apple Watch, even if you own the latest generation.
Ticwatch E
You can fiddle with the settings on all three versions of the Apple Watch to be able to keep the display on for 70 seconds after you've woken it, but that's not like just being able to see the time on your wrist without having to move at all.
Yes, Apple has one of the best 'raise to wake' implementations on the market. That obviously saves battery life as it only lights up when you tap on the watch or raise it up to read the time, so it's a surprise Apple hasn't developed an always-on option as well.
Perhaps watchOS 5 will be when we see the introduction of always-on, especially considering the rumors suggest Apple is ready to open up watch faces to third to third-party developers for the first time.
However, it's more likely an all-new device will need to be created, one that packs a new layer of technology in for a new 'eco-mode' that switches out when you raise your wrist.
Top-end fitness features
The Apple Watch 3 isn't the best fitness watch on the market. As our review noted, “The Apple Watch is not something I'd recommend to anyone that's serious about getting into shape... unless they're desperate for all the other elements this device offers too.”
You can do most exercises with the watch - that's true - but it's a jack of all trades. If you specifically want a watch for running, the technology has progressed but there's a long way to go before we can recommend this specifically for this task over something like the Garmin Forerunner 735XT.
You still can't import your exercise data into Strava to share your workouts on the most popular running social network, and although we've often found the heart rate monitor to be more accurate in later models, it can sometimes give slightly inaccurate readings.
Each passing generation of the Apple Watch has seen improvements, with the addition of GPS on the Apple Watch 2 (which was improved again on the Apple Watch 3) and a waterproof design that allows you to track your swimming goals too.
It is still developing – back in March this year Apple updated the Watch 3 with new workout features for both skiing and snowboarding, which is something you won't get on a lot of other sports watches.
Yes, it's getting better, but the fitness features still don't quite have the level of execution we longed for three years ago.
The much-vaunted round design
An Apple Watch patent for a round display. Credit: USPTO
This is perhaps the number one criticism we've heard of all versions of the Apple Watch, which has had a very limited design changes over the first three generations.
It's essentially the same watch as we've seen before made of different materials and a few varieties of paint job.
With the love for the circular Android Wear-toting Moto 360 at the time the first Apple Watch debuted, many were surprised the company went for a square design.
We had seen square watches such as the Sony Smartwatch 3, but the Apple Watch looked different to that model, combining sweeping curves with a more usable display.
Back in 2015, Beavis wrote in his review of the original Apple Watch, “All of Apple's flowery marketing rhetoric about reinventing the classic watch look - from digital crown to complications - didn't end up translating into that that traditional round watch design, which is one of my largest criticisms with the form factor.
“I appreciate that the square is better for interacting with the Watch, but with the apps interface being spherical and 'traditional' watches just look better when round.”
Today his opinion has changed. He does still believe it's easier to interact with a square watch, but he now also believes that the shape has pervaded and Apple has made this design something deeply associated with the brand.
Beavis said on the three year anniversary of the Apple Watch, "It has made an unloved design iconic in the way Apple can do."
Has Apple changed direction?
Of course, there were things we couldn't have predicted - or, more accurately, that we didn't imagine would happen.
As mentioned, GPS came on board to make a big difference and offer an easier way to leave the phone at home - and with music streaming now on offer too, it's possible to use the Apple Watch as a completely standalone device.
But talking of leaving the phone out of the equation, there are a number of companies suddenly dropping support for their standalone apps, meaning that if you're not connected to your phone then you won't be getting the updates you might expect.
With cellular capabilities now embedded, that seems like an odd choice, and perhaps shows that Apple sees this firmly as a second screen to a connected phone, unless you're out exercising... in which case, so many distractions might not be wanted.
But then again, maybe it's just a change of direction. If the mooted StreamKit is launched at WWDC 2018 later this year, apps like Spotify and others could be easily added into the mix, allowing offline playback of tracks and push notifications by third party developers without a phone present.
That's a big 'could' as the service hasn't been confirmed - but should it launch, the Apple Watch could be seen as a fusion between function and fitness... and perhaps even Apple Workouts can by synced to Strava.
Will we see changes soon?
We may see all three of these things change on the Apple Watch 4 or with the watchOS 5 software update.
The company has shown no intention of opting for a round watch face, but we've seen lots of patents for the circular shape over the years, so Apple may be able to surprise us with a big change.
Considering the Apple Watch has sold so well, it seems that decrying the square face back in 2015 was incorrect… but the always on display and expanded fitness features are still something we want as soon as possible, and if later this year Apple debuts the Watch 4, it's the perfect time for buyers to get them.
As speculation mounts over the Prime Minister's future, here is a look at how Theresa May could be replaced.
According to Conservative Party rules, a leadership contest can be triggered in two ways, with the most obvious being if Mrs May resigns.
If the PM is determined to stay, a leadership election can be triggered if 15% of Tory MPs write to Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee - made up of backbench Conservative MPs - saying they no longer have confidence in the leader.
Some 48 MPs would be needed to oust Mrs May with the party's current crop of 318 MPs, including the speaker and deputy speaker.
Once that threshold is crossed, Mr Brady would announce the start of the leadership contest and invite nominations, with candidates needing the support of at least two MPs to get on to the ballot paper.
If there is only one candidate, they will be automatically declared leader.
But if multiple MPs are successfully nominated, Tory MPs then vote, with the candidate achieving the lowest number of votes forced out of the race, until only two candidates remain.
Conservative Party members then vote for their preferred candidate on a "one member, one vote" basis, with the winner becoming the new leader.
When David Cameron resigned following the EU referendum, five Tory MPs stood for the leadership.
Mrs May and Andrea Leadsom were due to go to the ballot of the Conservative Party membership.
But Mrs May was formally confirmed as the new leader after Mrs Leadsom pulled out of the race.
In 2005, Conservative Party members chose Mr Cameron over David Davis, while in 2003 Iain Duncan Smith was ousted as leader after the chairman of the 1922 Committee received 25 letters from Tory MPs.
Michael Howard was then elected leader as the only nominated MP to replace him.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager is warning others about the long-lasting effects of sextortion after he fell victim to a sinister crime.
The 16-year-old was conned out of £800 but he said the money he lost is nothing compared to the psychological impact of that night – all because he got bored one evening and chatted to a ‘girl' he met online.
Jacob, whose real name has been withheld to protect his identity, was in his bedroom at his family home over the Christmas school holidays and decided to go on a website where you can chat to strangers over webcam.
He said he met a ‘girl' who piqued his interest. He said he could see her and she could see him, and she talked him into doing explicit things on-camera.
The mystery girl then asked for Jacob's contact details, saying it would make it easier to chat. So he gave her his phone number.
Once they began messaging, Jacob said he was sent a link to an explicit video of himself, which appeared to have been recorded through his web cam.
Then his phone started to ring.
He answered. It was a male voice on the other end.
Jacob describes how he felt in that moment: "The guy was so aggressive on the phone. He said he was a pro hacker. He sent me a list of all my Facebook friends and said ‘I will ruin your life'.
"My heart was beating out of my chest. I was shaking. I remember looking at myself in my bedroom mirror thinking ‘what have I done, what have I done?
"I went into panic mode and kept thinking about the worst case scenario - all my friends and family and people at school seeing the video and looking at me differently. I just wanted to stop it. I asked him what he wanted.
“I didn't care about the money, all I could think about was trying to prevent that video getting out.
"I could earn the money back but I didn't think I could get my reputation back as easily. You hear about this stuff happening but there's nothing that can prepare you for it. It felt like he was in total control.”
Jacob set up a fake account on a money transfer service and said he immediately transferred £800 to the man. He then shouted for his older sister, who was downstairs at the time. "I thought, no matter what happens, I'm going to have to tell my family about this at some point, so I may as well tell them now."
Jacob's sister called the police on non-emergency number 101 as well as calling their parents and asking them to come home immediately.
His mum said: “I just walked in and gave him a big hug.
"We did everything we could - closing down his social media accounts, changing his phone number, and we gave him a stern talking to.
"But he's suffered enough for his mistake and he's now working hard to earn that money back."
According to figures from the National Crime Agency, forces across the UK have received more than 2,000 reports of sextortion in the last two years, but many cases will go unreported.
Joanne Bocko, cyber protect officer for Avon and Somerset Police, said: “What happened to Jacob is called sextortion. It's where someone uses a sexually explicit image or video of their victim as leverage to blackmail them and to make demands. This kind of criminal preys on people's vulnerabilities. It's a very cruel crime which can ruin people's lives. That's why for us, protection and the welfare of the victim is paramount.
“To prevent this kind of thing happening in the first place, we'd advise not going on webcam with a stranger or giving personal details to someone you don't know (such as your full name, telephone number or email address). And, while we see victims of all ages and genders, in many cases reported to us the victims are men aged 18-29. So if you have relatives or friends in this age group, why not tell them about Jacob's story and warn them of the dangers?”
For anyone who has fallen victim to this crime, police advice is:
1) Don't panic. You're the victim in this and you'll need support to help you through this difficult time, so call police immediately on 101 – they will deal with it in confidence and won't make any judgements on your behaviour.
2) Don't pay. Even if you give money to the person making demands, there may be continued requests for larger amounts of money. This money will then likely be used to fund the organised crime groups who commit these types of crimes.
3) Don't communicate any further with the offender. Get screen shots of communication and keep any evidence which could help police with their investigation. Officers can help with more specific advice over the phone, once you've reported it to us.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They may have been together for four years but Holly and Karl have already had to deal with one episode of infidelity, so to test their relationship on Channel 5's Make or Break reality show was a brave move.
As one of eight couples who have headed off to a Mexican tropical paradise to see if their relationship is worth fighting for the pair prepared to push their love to the brink.
They were forced to sleep apart and date other people - all while staying in the most romantic of settings.
Karl had a 3 month affair whilst himself and Holly were going through a rough patch last February – can she trust him again?
Here's what they have to say:
HOLLY, 22, BLACKBURN
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Support Worker/Ring Girl for UK Fighting Championships
Describe your partner in three words…
Childish, funny and dopey. Very dopey.
How did you meet?
It was nothing romantic. He messaged me on Facebook when he found out I was single, saying, ‘Hi stranger'. That was it! We were just chatting over a month or so until we met up. He invited me round to his house like the romantic he is!
Who said I love you first?
He did, after two years! I never thought I was ever going to get it. I wanted to break up with him a year in because he'd not even told me he loved me yet.
What are Karl's best points?
His sense of humour is amazing. Even when I am angry at him he will somehow make me laugh, which is annoying! I say he is dumb, but he is quite clever in some aspects and he wants to get his life together. He does stuff not just says stuff.
What are Karl's bad points?
He is so thick. He has no common sense. He needs to use his head, which I say over and over again but I don't think he is ever going to learn.
Why did you want to go on the show?
Karl had cheated on me about a year and a half ago now. I was going through a bad time with my skin and because I wasn't showing him any attention for months because I was so depressed and he got attention elsewhere. I had massive trust issues after the cheating. I didn't trust him whatsoever.
Did you set any ground rules before arriving?
Yes. I said no kissing, no sex positions and no massaging. Did he keep them? Well…
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening?
My mind just went blank. It was overload, shutdown. My heart sank. I couldn't even speak. I was shocked. They just said that your relationship will be put to the test, but I didn't expect this.
Did you think you'd last the distance on the show?
At some stages I wanted to go home. It was getting too much and messing with my head. I knew that we wouldn't split up. We will have our argument and say, ‘I don't want to be with you'. Then five hours later we'll say, ‘Shall we go for something to eat?' Every time!
What did you think of the tasks?
The tasks were really fun. I liked the kayaking, the physical ones. The physical ones were really fun.
Others weren't as fun. The intimate ones, they weren't nice.
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
I liked her at first, then I didn't. I think she was pushing me to get me angry and she pushed me over the limit.
KARL, 26, BLACKBURN
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Sales
Describe your partner in three words…
Considerate, caring, crazy. I should have put psychopath in there as well!
How did you meet?
I saw a picture on Facebook and I liked what I saw so I dropped her a message saying, ‘Hi stranger!' I know that sounds a bit creepy but that is how it all began.
Who said I love you first?
It took me quite a while. She thought I was never going to say it. It took me about two years to say. It was nothing romantic. It was in a car park by some rugby game!
What are Holly's best points?
She is funny. I never get bored with her. She is very caring, she is always putting people before herself and she is extremely loyal.
What are Holly's bad points?
She has got full access to my phone, she has got my passwords, she is always rooting around and she will find something and bring it up like, ‘Why have you liked this status from two years ago?'
Why did you want to go on the show?
Due to the past, there is a lack of trust in the relationship and for a relationship to work you need trust so it was a perfect chance to prove myself to her. I cheated on Holly about a year ago before we went on the show. Obviously it has damaged the trust, I wanted to get it back and I got the chance to do it.
Did you set any ground rules before arriving?
She did set some rules. She said, ‘I don't want you massaging anyone!' She was trying to make me use my head, which sometimes I struggle to do. Did I stick to the rules? You'll have to wait and see!
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would happen?
We didn't have a clue what was going down. Prior to the show we did think we might get split up but we weren't expecting to be thrown in the deep end straight away. As soon as we got there that happened and I think everyone was a bit shocked by it.
How did you get on with the other people?
Some people were more drama orientated than others. Some people were laid back, others were a bit psycho. But I got along with everyone.
What did you think of the tasks?
I didn't use my head for some tasks which got me into trouble. One I shouldn't have done. That got me into trouble!
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
What confused me was that the behavioral expert said, ‘Tell white lies' and Louise said, ‘Be honest'. Back in the real world I tend to lie and that gets me in trouble but there, I was honest, and I was still getting in trouble!
WELLSTON, Ohio — A defensive performance to remember.
The Meigs boys basketball team held Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division host Wellston to a 13 field goals on Friday night, as the Marauders rolled to a 48-35 victory in Jackson County.
Meigs (7-11, 4-6 TVC Ohio) charged out to a 13-7 lead through eight minutes of play and extended its lead to double digits, at 22-12, by halftime.
Wellston (10-6, 6-3) — which had won five straight games headed into Friday — scored 10 points in the third quarter. However, the Marauders extended their lead to 37-22 headed into the fourth, scoring 15 third-quarter points, 13 of which came from sophomore Weston Baer.
WHS had its best offensive period of the night in the fourth, scoring 13 points, but Meigs closed the 48-35 win with 11 points over the final eight minutes.
In the win, the Marauders made 11-of-19 (57.9 percent) shots from the foul line. Meanwhile, Wellston made 4-of-6 (66.7 percent) free throw tries.
Baer paced the hosts with 20 points, combining seven two-pointers, one trifecta and a trio of free throws. Zach Bartrum hit a team-best five free throws and finished with nine points, while Nick Lilly connected on a pair of three-pointers and finished with seven markers.
Bobby Musser contributed six points to the winning cause, Wyatt Hoover chipped in with four points, while Austin Mahr added two.
Matt Simpson led the Golden Rockets with 15 points, followed by Decota McKenzie with eight. Jase Arthur and Jordan Lucas both scored six points on two three-pointers apiece, rounding out the WHS total.
Meigs — which hadn't previously held a team under 40 points in a game this winter — has now won seven of its last nine decisions.
The season series between Meigs and Wellston will finish tied at one, as the Golden Rockets won by a 67-56 count on Dec. 22 at MHS.
The Marauders will put their season-high three-game winning streak on the line when they welcome Alexander to Larry R. Morrison Gymnasium on Tuesday.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
© Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
EPA head Scott Pruitt has become the latest Trump official harassed by the #resistance in a restaurant, a week after Rep. Maxine Waters called for Democrats to "create a crowd and push back" against Trump staff in public places.Pruitt, who leads the Environmental Protection Agency, was dining in a Washington DC restaurant on Monday, when he was approached by teacher Kirstin Mink and her two-year-old son. Mink then took Pruitt to task on his environmental record, and posted the video on Facebook."I just wanted to urge you to resign, because of what you're doing to the environment in our country," Mink told Pruitt. Mink read the EPA chief a list of his supposed wrongdoings, and once again asked him to resign "before your scandals push you out."Pruitt "should not be able to go out in public without hearing from the citizens he's hurting," read Mink's Facebook post. She also wrote that Pruitt "fled the restaurant" after their encounter, despite the fact that his plate was covered with napkins in the video - a sign that he had finished his meal.A spokesman for Pruitt told the New York Post that Pruitt respectfully listened to Mink's speech, before thanking her and leaving for a briefing at EPA headquarters.According to her Facebook page, Mink is a 33-year-old sixth-grade teacher at Sidwell Friends School, where former presidents Obama, Clinton, and Nixon sent their children. She is also a seasoned activist, and told the Post that she was arrested at an immigration protest the week before.Trump's immigration policies have galvanized the Democrat #resistance, and the battle against Trump is being fought in restaurants around the nation's capital. Two weeks ago, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders was booted out of a Virginia restaurant for her politics, and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen was jeered and ran out of another DC eatery by protesters chanting "shame!"Amid the rising tide of Democrat anger, Rep. Maxine Waters threw gasoline on the fire when she told a Los Angeles rally "If you see anybody from that Cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store, at a gasoline station, you get out and you create a crowd and you push back on them, and you tell them they're not welcome anymore, anywhere."Waters' comments were criticized by both the left and the right. President Trump called Waters "an extraordinarily low IQ person," and "the unhinged face of the Democrat party," while establishment Democrats joined Republicans in calling for civility and calm.Progressive icon Bernie Sanders waded on last Wednesday to warn Democrats to take out their anger in a "constructive way," using the ballot box instead of bullying tactics."I'm not a great fan of shouting down people or being rude to people," Senator Sanders told MSNBC, distancing himself from Waters' rhetoric. "As I've said before, yeah, I think people have the right to go into a restaurant and have dinner."Sanders' words appear to have been lost on Mink, who told the Post that she "literally just saw him and said you are the man who is ruining the future, for the children, for the next generation," adding that she decided to speak up not as an activist, but as a "mom and citizen."In a new campaign video released by the party last week, images of burning cars and black-clad Antifa protesters are accompanied by clips of celebrities calling for Trump's assassination, and of Waters whipping up her followers.The video, titled Unhinged , is already among the GOP's most viewed videos on the party's YouTube channel.
China's 'Toilet Revolution' Is Flush With Lavish Loos
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
Filthy, stinky, scarce and hard to find. Toilet paper, soap, hot water and hand dryers are too much to ask. Consider yourself lucky if the person before you aimed correctly and remembered to flush. That's what many Chinese public bathrooms are like.
According to the authorities, some 4.3 billion domestic and overseas visitors are subjected to these embarrassing conditions at China's tourist spots each year. So in April 2015, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a "toilet revolution" — an all-out war on unhygienic bathroom conditions at tourist attractions.
Three years later, China has spent 21 billion yuan ($3 billion) building or renovating 68,000 public bathrooms at tourist sites in major cities and in rural areas. Authorities are improving quantity, distribution and management, as well as making facilities more environmentally friendly and attempting to clean up users' behavior.
While most cities simply aspire to make bathrooms cleaner and more available, others went overboard on lavish loos.
Potty pioneer Linfen has been building strange and fancy restrooms since 2008. The coal-mining hub has 40 five-star public toilets (see more here), 12 four-star toilets and 60 standard bathrooms. Facilities resemble castles, libraries, homes, even human faces. (The star designations are assigned by China's National Tourism Bureau.)
The city, which the government named an "Excellent City in Toilet Revolution" in 2017, plans to add Wi-Fi, ATMs, newsstands and electric-vehicle charging stations to its public bathrooms.
The city of Chongqing built three luxury bathrooms in a park. Each sports central air conditioning, sound systems and high-end construction — marble walls, wood paneling, handsome tile floors.
Elsewhere in this southwestern city, weird-looking bathrooms made headlines. At one open-air facility, the urinals have doors for privacy — but they only conceal, shall we say, one's business end. Other al fresco locations offer no coverage, so users must employ umbrellas or other DIY means of preserving modesty.
Efforts to improve manners are going as over the top as the architecture. In Beijing and Nanjing, the solution to toilet paper theft and waste is facial recognition: specifically, devices that scan your face before dispensing about two feet of TP. Patrons who need more must wait nine minutes for a second scan.
While some netizens applaud the use of such technology, many think it's unnecessary and inconvenient. As one person posted on Weibo, China's equivalent to Twitter, "Why is facial recognition everywhere? Do you need to know what I look like when I just simply want to go to the bathroom?" "I'll just bring toilet paper with me," another fumed.
Backlash is coming from the government as well. In December, Chinese authorities warned local governments to stop wasting money on extravagant toilet facilities and just stick to making them practical, clean and efficient. This month, they were also asked to appoint "toilet chiefs" to keep an eye on sanitation in public bathrooms.
There's still a huge gap between public bathrooms in major cities and those in remote villages. In the fancy malls of Shanghai, citizens can relax and play with their phones in nicely scented, lounge-like restrooms with jazz playing in the background, while folks in rural areas may still use public or private open-pit squats surrounded by low brick walls and take care of business right beside pig pens.
"Toilet problems are not trivial, but something significant in construction of urban and rural civilization," Xi opined in November. He now wants to extend the toilet revolution beyond tourist sites. In the next three years, China aims to build and upgrade 64,000 more public restrooms with the aim of improving quality of life.
So far, there have been no leaks about the details of this new round of privy progress.
A fire was reported in the early morning hours of Friday, May 25, at the farm of George Wilson in Bugtussle.
Firemen from Gamaliel, Flippin and Fountain Run responded to the Wilson farm where 500 rolls of fresh hay had been burned. The heat from the curing hay is believed to have begun the fire, which destroyed all the hay, two tractors, bush hog, mowing machine and the hay roller.
More information concerning the fire will be released as it becomes available.
A file photos. Basantar river, which flows into Pakistan across the International Border (IB), is one of the main infiltration routes of militants into Jammu and Kashmir. Photo: AFP
Jammu: Police and security forces have launched a search operation in the border town of Samba along Jammu-Pathankot national highway following reports of suspected movement of four persons in the wee hours on Thursday.
Some labourers informed police about movement of four armed persons in civilian clothes from Samba main chowk on the highway towards SIDCO industrial area close to Basantar river belt.
Basantar river, which flows into Pakistan across the International Border (IB), is one of the main infiltration routes of militants into Jammu and Kashmir.
“Search operation was launched in Samba town along the highway after some people reported about suspected movement of four persons in the wee hours today,” a senior police officer said. “We searched the entire area and till now found nothing.
CCTV footage showed some unarmed persons in civilian clothes,” he said.
MOSCOW — FIFA has picked European and South American referees to handle the World Cup quarterfinals that feature only teams from their regions.
The Uruguay vs. France game will be refereed by Nestor Pitana of Argentina on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod. It will be his fourth assignment, including the opening game.
Also Friday, the Brazil vs. Belgium game in Kazan will be handled by Milorad Mazic of Serbia. He handled the Champions League final in May.
FIFA says Brazilian referee Sandro Ricci will work Russia vs. Croatia on Saturday in Sochi. He handled Croatia's first group-stage game against Nigeria.
Years after surviving a potentially fatal car accident, Rashad Glover is fulfilling a promise he made to himself to help disabled persons by constructing new multi-purpose 3D printed prosthetic arms.
Glover remembers in vivid detail how he nearly lost his life in Ohio in 2010. He said his car was struck by a semi-truck that slid on a patch of ice. When he exited his vehicle to exchange information, he was struck by a car which broke both of his arms and one of his legs. Today, he's fully recovered and views the incident as a message from God.
“Honestly, without a doubt in my mind I believe God wanted me to come back to Chicago and be with my family and work with the disabled like I said I would,” said Glover. “God knew I was avoiding it. I was intimidated; I was scared, I never took the leap and the more software and equipment I got, the more guilty I became.”
Glover had overcome a lot before that fateful day in the Buckeye State. Years prior to the car accident, a 17-year-old Glover, who was living on his own and working two jobs at the time, befriended a young man with cerebral palsy who had never played video games before. Glover said he remembers thinking if he could help his friend play, he would. That idea would ultimately be the catalyst that would change Glover's life.
“I felt bad, I was taking electronics classes at the time, he had a joystick on his wheelchair, he had some mobility in his I believe right hand and I was like that's everything he needs for video games so I suggested a glove or a device so he could play with us… but it didn't exist at the time,” said Glover.
Glover, who originally didn't intend on pursuing a college degree, received tuition support to attend Central State University after his mentors, Michelle Harton and her husband Dr. Austin V. Harton, decided to intervene. While at CSU he majored in industrial technology and business. He said his background in 3D printing can be traced back to an internship he had at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in 2002 where he worked in their materials laboratory while attending CSU.
Currently, Glover works as a freelance industrial designer, web developer and as a substitute teacher. He said when he was approached by his church, New Deliverance Missionary Baptist Church, 11200 S. State St., about constructing prosthetic arms, he opted to proceed after prayer and meditation. The materials necessary to create the arms are raised through donations through the church, according to Glover. He said the planning stage has been in the works for a while.
“I'm doing this because I said I was going to do this and this is my way to give back to the community that made me. I made it here off donations; I made it here off people helping me,” said Glover.
In a continued effort to give back, Glover with the “essential” contributions from Rev. Marty Gool and First Lady Lynnise Gool at his church launched his non-profit organization Global Glover Technology (GGT). The prospective programs of GGT will include but are not limited to an after school program where he intends to produce a minimum of five prosthetic arms a month (including the 2 per month he intends to make himself). He said all the prosthetics will be given free of charge although they cost $250-300 to create. He has previously drafted a grant proposal where he was sought $300,000 – $3,000,000 over a five year span with the goal of developing GGT into a national program.
At this point Glover said he has created two prosthetic arms for people with more on the way.
For more information about the prosthetic arm program or Global Glover Technology (GGT), visit Glover's Instagram page https://www.instagram.com/rashadglover/ or www.globalglover.com or www.rashardglover.com.
Holtby made one of his biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play, diving to his right, stopping Alex Tuch's point-blank shot with his stick to keep the score 3-2.
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with his glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for his fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes.
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding his left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring his sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as he did in the first 50 post-season games of his career.
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
