April 28 Quam Ltd:
* Expected to report a loss for year as compared with audited consolidated profit for year ended 31 March 2016
* Expected result due to one-time expenses incurred as a result of change of control event that occurred in January 2017 as well as challenging trading conditions
* Expected to report a loss for year as compared with audited consolidated profit for year ended 31 March 2016 of approximately HK$24.7 mln Source :(bit.ly/2pG7VHX) Further company coverage:
President Patrice Athanase Guillaume Talon of Benin waits to address the 71st United Nations General Assembly in Manhattan, New York, U.S. September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar
COTONOU Benin President Patrice Talon said he has abandoned plans to reduce the presidential mandate from two terms to one, after parliament rejected a draft bill to change the constitution.
Talon, who came to power in a peaceful election one year ago, promised to reduce presidential terms from two five-year terms to one six-year term, in a bid to reduce what he called presidential "complacency" in the tiny West African country.
But parliament on Tuesday voted down a bill for a referendum to reform the constitution, which included the provision to reduce presidential terms.
"The revision of the constitution is finished," Talon told reporters on Saturday. "The single mandate is over."
Talon's effort contrasted with attempts by other rulers in the region, including in Democratic Republic of Congo and Burundi, to extend their mandates.
Talon also gave forecasts for this season's cotton harvest. He said that output for the 2016-17 season could reach 400,000 tonnes, higher than 350,000 tonnes previously expected and up from 260,000 the prior season.
Benin's cotton harvest is expected to get a boost due to an increase in land used for planting.
(Reporting By Allegresse Sasse, writing by Edward McAllister, editing by Larry King)
May 3 Intercontinental Exchange Inc, which owns the New York Stock Exchange, on Wednesday reported a rise in first-quarter earnings, helped by higher futures volumes and data sales.
Net income attributable to the exchange and clearing house operator rose to $502 million, or 84 cents per share, from $369 million, or 62 cents per share, a year earlier.
(Reporting by John McCrank in New York)
April 24 C R Bard Inc
* BD to acquire Bard for $24 billion
* Deal immediately accretive and expected to generate high single-digit accretion to adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2019 to Becton Dickinson
* BD will acquire Bard for $317.00 per bard common share in cash and stock
* Agreement has been unanimously approved by boards of directors of both companies
* Approximately $300 million of estimated annual, pre-tax, run-rate cost synergies are expected by fiscal year 2020 for Becton Dickinson
* BD also expects to benefit from revenue synergies beginning in fiscal year 2019
* Transaction is expected to improve BD's gross margins by approximately 300 basis points in fiscal year 2018
* Deal expected to increase BD's earnings per share growth trajectory to mid-teens, and generate strong cash flow
* Bd expects to contribute approximately $1.7 billion of available cash to fund transaction
* BD also expects to fund deal with about $10 billion of new debt and about $4.5 billion of equity and equity linked securities
* At deal closing, Bard shareholders will own approximately 15 percent of combined company
* Bard shareholders will also receive $8 billion of BD common stock Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 (Reuters) -
* Net income of $15.8 million for q1 of 2017 compared to $12.7 million in q1 of 2016
* Net interest income (pretax) was $54.8 million in q1 of 2017
* American savings bank reports first quarter 2017 earnings Source text for Eikon:
WASHINGTON, April 20 The Federal Reserve could ease the regulatory burden it puts on the boards of directors of banks, Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Thursday.
Powell said the possible changes would be aimed at allowing boards of directors to focus on banking strategy rather than an "overly detailed checklist of supervisory process requirements."
"We are currently reassessing whether our supervisory expectations for boards need to change," Powell said prepared remarks for an event with financial firms.
Powell, who besides banking regulatory policy also has a vote on the Fed's interest rate decisions, said the U.S. economy appeared to be "at or close to full employment." (Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Former Bulgarian prime minister and leader of centre-right GERB party Boiko Borisov reacts as he waits for Bulgarian President Rumen Radev to give him a mandate to form a new government, in Sofia, Bulgaria, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
SOFIA The winner of Bulgaria's parliamentary election, the centre-right GERB party, named ministers on Wednesday for a coalition government that will see its leader Boiko Borisov return as prime minister for the third time since 2009.
The pro-market and pro-EU GERB, which won a snap election in March but failed to secure an outright majority, has teamed up with United Patriots (UP), an alliance of three nationalist parties, for a four-year term in office.
GERB named Vladislav Goranov as finance minister, a post he held in Borisov's last government, and the party will also keep control of infrastructure, energy and foreign policy.
The nationalists, who will hold office for the first time in the Balkan country, secured two deputy prime minister posts and control over the defence, economy and environment ministries.
The new government, which is expected to win a vote of confidence in parliament on Thursday, will respect Sofia's commitments to the European Union and NATO and will work to boost incomes in the EU's poorest member state.
One of its key challenges will be to make a success of its six-month presidency of the European Council from January next year, when the bloc will be enmeshed in debates about its future and negotiating the terms of Britain's exit.
Borisov proposed his former construction minister, Lilyana Pavlova, as minister of the Bulgarian presidency.
The UP, which used strongly anti-migrant and anti-Turkish rhetoric during the election campaign, has significantly toned down its language in a move expected to ease concerns in the EU, which is facing a surge in support for right-wing populism.
At home, analysts expect the new government to maintain political and fiscal stability, but have expressed doubts that it will push ahead with meaningful reforms to tackle corruption and overhaul Bulgaria's judiciary.
GERB and UP have agreed to raise the minimum state pension, committed to boost economic growth, to double teachers' salaries and to increase the average monthly wage by 50 percent during the four-year parliament.
The coalition, which has only a one-seat majority in parliament but is also supported by the populist Will party, is expected to maintain income and corporate taxes, among the lowest in the EU, unchanged at 10 percent, and to keep the lev currency pegged to the euro until Bulgaria joins the euro zone.
(Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; Editing by Gareth Jones)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A tram firm have blasted youths who 'tram-surfed' near a major city centre station.
Victoria station in Manchester was the scene where around five teenagers began hurling sweets at the windows of a tram heading towards Bury.
The teens were filmed as they grabbed onto the front of the moving carriage.
The man who filmed the shocking footage told the Manchester Evening News : “We thought they were stones at first.
“Some of the passengers were telling them to stop and some were laughing at them.
“The next minute, I looked to my right and there was another one stood where the trams couple off, surfing along.
“Another one decided to try and jump on the back of our tram and hang off by the wiper.
“It's a bit stupid.”
His footage captured the boy jumping on the back of the tram.
It shows a youth running after the Metrolink tram and ‘surfing' for several seconds before jumping off again.
The reader thought the boys were aged around 15-years-old.
Figures show crime on the tram network has been on the increase in recent years.
TfGM's head of Metrolink Danny Vaughan said: “Thankfully incidents of people ‘surfing' on trams - or other public transport vehicles - are extremely rare.
“Most people, including those who share videos of their exploits and those who watch them, won't need telling that such behaviour is extremely dangerous and puts lives at risk.
“The age of the person in this instance is particularly concerning, as are reports of riding a couple unit holding two trams together, and I cannot stress enough just how reckless this is.”
Police have confirmed they are investigating.
Inspector Stephen Henderson from GMP's TravelSafe partnership said: “Greater Manchester Police have been made aware of footage that shows an individual jumping onto the outside of a moving tram.
“This is extremely reckless behaviour.
"The consequences could have been catastrophic.
“We have an officer investigating and enquiries are ongoing alongside our partners to identify the individual.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSUL, Iraq Three policemen were killed on Sunday in a suicide attack south of Mosul, the northern Iraqi city where Islamic State is fighting off a U.S.-backed offensive, security sources said.
A group of about 10 assailants, including four suicide bombers, had tried to infiltrate a Federal Police helicopter base in Al-Areej, a police captain told Reuters.
Three policemen and three of the assailants were killed in the attack, he said. Police gave chase but the assailants managed to escape, he said.
Islamic State's Amaq news agency said the attack was carried out by two members who detonated their explosive vests after running out of ammunition.
It is the first major attack targeting government forces in this area since those forces took it back in February, four months after launching an offensive on Mosul.
Several camps for people displaced from Mosul are located in a nearby town, Hammam al-Alil, which is also a centre of operations for international aid organisations.
Islamic State is now besieged in the northwestern part of Mosul, an area that includes the Old City. Its Grand al-Nuri Mosque is where the group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, declared a "caliphate" over parts of Iraq and Syria in mid-2014.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein in Mosul and Isabel Coles in Istanbul; writing by Maher Chmaytelli; editing by Jason Neely)
April 12 Nippon View Hotel Co Ltd
* Says 12 customers of ASAKUSA VIEW HOTEL had symptom of food poisoning on March 27, as roast beef was infected with staphylococcus aureus
* Says the hotel was ordered to suspend operation from April 12 until April 18 by health care center
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/uwcz3o
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 2 Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd
* April total sales of 39,357 units versus 41,863 units last year
* Says April passenger vehicle sales of 19,325 units versus 22,655 units last year
* Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd says April domestic sales of 37,829 units versus 39,357 units last year
* April exports of 1,528 units versus 2,506 units last year
* Says April domestic tractor sales of 25,081 units versus 20,704 units last year
* Says April tractor exports of 920 units versus 682 units last year Source text: (bit.ly/2p3wJGb) Further company coverage:
Purple was Eli Holtz's favourite colour.
Next month the keen volleyball player and passionate kapa haka performer would have turned 19 and been in his first year of studying performing arts at NorthTec in Whangārei.
But instead of celebrating his birthday his whanau are holding a community event and are encouraging people to make purple paper hearts to show their support for a campaign to create safer communities for families and raise awareness of violence in New Zealand.
Holtz, 18, died in hospital after an alleged assault at the intersection of Wellesley St West and Queen St, Auckland, in January.
Advertisement
The former Tikipunga High School student was a passenger in a vehicle which had stopped at a red light about 3.15am. He was put on life support in Auckland City Hospital but later died.
Eli Holtz was assaulted while he was a passenger in a car stopped at traffic lights in Auckland. Photo/ Supplied
Holtz's older sister Chanelle Armstrong and her family are behind an online facebook campaign #justiceforeli which they hoped would raise awareness of the impact violence has on communities and make them safer.
Videos posted on the page showed family members talking about Holtz and the type of young man he was.
The whānau want something positive to come from their tragedy.
"As a whānau, losing someone we love in this vicious manner has been devastating. But, there are other whanau affected by violence who have it tough as well. If we want to reduce violent crimes, maybe we need to start in the home. Together let's make people know violence in never okay," Armstrong said.
"We invite you to join us in our campaign to create an Aotearoa that is safe for our families and our people. Send a purple origami heart to show your support for this kaupapa. Join the movement, share your heart."
Online campaign started by the family of Eli Holtz. Photo/ Supplied
They have planned a #Justiceforeli day in Whangārei on the Hihiaua Peninsula on August 4, where they will encourage people to make purple hearts which will eventually form a large art installation. Holtz's 19th birthday would have been on August 6.
"This is not just about Eli, this is wider and a real community issue. It was hard for us as a family dealing with the trauma but there are so many deaths that are totally preventable happening all over the country.
''We just need to give people the skills and the tools to deal with the violence and teach people to value their families more," Armstrong said.
Eli was one of seven children and adopted into the family from an aunty.
He would be remembered for his beautiful smile, kind heart and generosity, his sister said.
"He always wanted to be an actor," Armstrong said.
His mum Kirsten Holtz posted on the page: "Against nature, I buried my beautiful boy at the young age of 18. Mothers are not supposed to bury their children. I have loved and lost my child. I am his voice. I am his warrior. His fight is over. Mine has begun."
Eli Holtz as a smiling four-year-old. Photo/ Supplied
A 30-year-old man from Bulls, who has interim name suppression and is on bail, appeared briefly last week in the High Court at Auckland before Justice Timothy Brewer when a trial date for later this year was confirmed.
He is charged with manslaughter.
For more information about the online campaign go to www.facebook.com/JusticeForEli/
HONG KONG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China is drafting a proposal to allow gambling on its southern resort island of Hainan, Bloomberg reported on Friday, a move that would allow betting on the mainland for the first time, sending shares of Hong Kong-listed casinos plunging.
Government agencies are said to be considering online gaming, sports betting or a lottery on Hainan, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the talks.
The proposal, which is still at an early stage, could open the door to physical casinos over the long term, Bloomberg said.
The former Portuguese territory of Macau is currently the only place on Chinese soil where casino gambling is permitted.
Some casino shares plunged as much as 8 percent following the report, but pared losses by the close of trade with Galaxy Entertainment down 2 percent, Sands China down 1.4 percent, MGM China falling 1.5 percent and SJM Holdings sliding 2.6 percent.
In 2013, Chinese authorities shut down a cashless casino bar in Hainan after a Reuters report drew attention to it.
The owner of the resort that housed the casino bar had told Reuters at the time that the government was monitoring the concept of cashless gambling.
Gambling revenue in Macau skyrocketed 36 percent year-on-year in January on strong demand from big whale gamblers, while mom-and-pop mass punters eager to play in the country's only legal casino hub also drove up business.
BRUSSELS European Union leaders promised on Saturday to embrace the British province of Northern Ireland into the EU if a referendum in the future were to unite it with the Republic of Ireland.
At a summit on the EU's plan for negotiating with Britain as it leaves the bloc, Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny asked fellow members to acknowledge that Northern Ireland would, like East Germany in 1990, automatically enter the EU in the event of unification with existing member state.
The 1998 Good Friday Agreement to end violence in Northern Ireland foresees the holding of referendums on both sides of the border on uniting the island if London and Dublin see public support for that.
European Union leaders gave their political endorsement to what Irish and EU legal experts say is the position in international law of such territorial changes.
"This is not about triggering any mechanism, ... the conditions for a referendum do not currently exist, but the acknowledgement of the principle, the potential, within the Good Friday agreement, is hugely important," Kenny told reporters after the summit.
Some EU officials said the declaration was a statement of "the obvious" and have stressed the summit was not taking a view on unification.
"The six counties (of Northern Ireland) remain part of the United Kingdom unless and until the people decide make a different choice by a democratic means in other words by a referendum," Kenny said.
Kenny said Britain, whose prime minister Theresa May was absent from the summit, has itself taken the same view on EU membership for Northern Ireland. Brexit minister David Davis acknowledged last month that, if it united with the Republic, it would be entitled to be absorbed into the EU.
UNIFICATION NOT IMMINENT
Calls for a referendum on leaving the United Kingdom have picked up since Northern Ireland, like Scotland, voted to remain in the EU, while the United Kingdom's two other nations, England and Wales, chose to leave in last year's Brexit vote.
Elections in Northern Ireland in March denied pro-British unionists a majority in the province for the first time since Ireland was partitioned in 1921, further emboldening Irish nationalists and their main political representatives Sinn Fein.
But Kenny has consistently said that now is not the right time for a vote and demographics suggest it could take a generation before Catholics, who tend to back Irish nationalist parties, become a majority among Northern Ireland's population.
Northern Ireland's future is part of broader uncertainty for territories of what was once the world's biggest empire.
Britain's right-wing press fulminated last month against EU plans to spell out that Spain, which claims sovereignty over Gibraltar, should have a veto over applying any future EU-UK free trade deal to the tiny British enclave.
Last week, Argentina said it thought it might gain EU backing after Brexit for its claim to the Falkland Islands, 35 years after losing a brief war there to Britain.
Closer to home, Brexit has fuelled calls to break away not only in Northern Ireland but also in Scotland.
(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Ros Russell)
FILE PHOTO: A labourer works at a cold-rolling mill on the outskirts of Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei province August 22, 2006. REUTERS/Alfred Cheng Jin/File Photo
BEIJING China's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled, pressured by fears that Chinese steel production is outweighing demand and threatening a glut of the metal later this year.
A renaissance in China's steel industry has been a major driver of the world's second-largest economy in recent quarters, helping generate the strongest profit growth in years and adding to a reflationary pulse across the global manufacturing sector.
But after cranking out as much metal as possible in recent months, Chinese steel mills are now starting to cut prices, threatening to snuff out a bull market that had pushed prices of some steel construction products to their highest since 2014.
China's steel sector has been under particular scrutiny by its major trading partners, with the Trump administration saying Beijing's support for such industries has led to over-production and a flood of exports that have distorted global markets.
Still, while China's producer price inflation has likely passed its peak, it is likely to remain high for a bit longer, keeping profits at a reasonable level, ANZ said in a note.
That should give China's central bank confidence to continue with gradual monetary policy tightening as it tries to coax companies to reduce high levels of debt, ANZ economists said, predicting further hikes in short-term interest rates this year.
China's producer price index (PPI) rose 7.6 percent in March from a year earlier, still elevated but in line with expectations and easing from 7.8 percent in February, a 9-year high, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Wednesday.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast a softer reading as a torrid rally in China's commodity markets showed signs of correcting, and on expectations that measures to cool the country's overheated housing market would eventually slow demand for steel and other building materials. [IRONORE/]
On a month-on-month basis, the PPI rose just 0.3 percent, the smallest increase since September 2016 and half the pace seen in February.
China's factory gate prices had only turned positive on year-on-year basis last September, after falling for nearly five years, leaving many industrial firms saddled with idle capacity and less cash flow to service their debts.
CONSUMER INFLATION REMAINS BENIGN
China's consumer inflation rate has been far milder, edging up to 0.9 percent in March, from 0.8 percent in February.
Food prices, the biggest component of the consumer price index (CPI), fell by 4.4 percent.
Non-food inflation inched up to 2.3 percent, with costs for health care, housing, transportation and communication all rising, suggesting stronger demand from an increasingly wealthy and rapidly ageing population.
Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted March consumer inflation would edge up to 1.0 percent, but remain well within the central bank's comfort zone.
Still-modest consumer inflation and moderating producer prices will give policymakers room to continue with their campaign to reduce risks in the financial system after years of debt-fuelled stimulus.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) last month completed its most rigorous quarterly inspection of the nation's banks to date to get a better idea of the problems it is facing.
The China Banking Regulatory Commision (CBRC) has told banks to conduct "self inspections" so it can understand the amount of leverage in the banking system and prevent lenders from hiding the true extent of sour loans, three sources told Reuters on Monday.
The PBOC has raised interest rates on money market and special short- and medium-term loans several times already this year to encourage companies to reduce debt.
ANZ expects another two 10-basis point hikes in the 7-day reserve repo rate and other medium-term rate hikes for the rest of the year, though analysts expect the PBOC to tread cautiously to avoid crimping economic growth.
COMMODITY PRICES LOSING STEAM
Similar to previous months, much of the annual surge in producer inflation in March was largely driven by higher prices of raw materials for steelmaking products such as iron ore and coking coal, which are benefiting from a construction boom.
But China's months-long commodities rally is showing signs of crumbling. Steel futures fell 5 percent on Friday, their steepest single-day drop in two months.
Top listed steelmaker Baoshan Iron & Steel (600019.SS) (Baosteel) said on Monday it has cut prices for May delivery, ending a long streak of price hikes. Baosteel usually sets the tone for the industry.
Adding to easing producer inflation is a deceleration in global oil price growth, according to estimates by ING's chief Asia economist Tim Condon. China cut gasoline and diesel retail prices late last month by the most so far this year.
The inflation readings will be followed by March trade data on Thursday, bank lending in coming days, and industrial output, retail sales and investment on April 17.
China's first-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) will also be released on the 17th, and is expected to show resilient growth at the start of 2017.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Kim Coghill)
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia and Laos reached an agreement on Saturday for Lao soldiers to pull back from their shared border after Cambodia accused Laos of sending troops into its territory, the leaders of both countries said.
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Friday dispatched forces to the border and issued an ultimatum for Laos to withdraw the soldiers by Thursday.
The Cambodian strongman flew to Vientiane on Saturday to hold urgent talks with Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith.
In a news conference after the meeting, broadcast live on Hun Sen's Facebook page with simultaneous translation into Khmer, the Lao leader said he had ordered the withdrawal.
"I've ordered the authorities involved to withdraw troops from that area by tomorrow morning," Thongloun Sisoulith said.
Thongloun said he was sorry he had not responded to an Aug. 2 letter from Hun Sen seeking withdrawal of the troops.
"Anyway, the discussion today was frank and friendly, so that the area would not lead to forces being confrontational," he said.
Thongloun did not say whether Laos admitted to having sent troops into Cambodia, which says about 30 soldiers from Laos crossed into its province of Stung Treng in April.
Hun Sen said he had also ordered Cambodian forces sent to the border - truck-mounted rocket launchers and ground troops - to pull back in response to Laos's agreement to withdraw.
"Our biggest success is that there is no dispute that can't be solved," Hun Sen said at the news conference.
"Moments ago, I already ordered all troops that were mobilised yesterday to go back to their positions."
Hun Sen said a border commission from both countries would begin working in the area once troops have withdrawn.
An official at the Lao embassy in Phnom Penh told Reuters on Friday the border area was the subject of a territorial and demarcation dispute.
Laos wants Cambodia to stop clearing land there for road-building and allow checks by inspection panels from both countries, the official said.
VIENNA (AP) — Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is in Vienna, where the country's nuclear agreement with world powers was drawn up three years ago, to promote the deal's survival after the United States withdrew.
Rouhani was meeting Austrian leaders Wednesday following a visit to neutral Switzerland, which also hosted negotiations on the deal under which Iran agreed to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions.
He said after meeting his Austrian counterpart that "we will not leave the (agreement), on condition that we can benefit from it."
Rouhani did not mention Austrian officials' announcement on Tuesday that they plan to revoke the legal immunity of an Iranian diplomat suspected of involvement in a plot to bomb an Iranian opposition rally in France. He took no questions.
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG, June 15 Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
March 30 Feelingk Co Ltd :
* Says all of its 7th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on March 30
* Says it has raised 21.5 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/le5iZ4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Demire Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG:
* FY rental income more than doubled to 76.4 million euros ($83.00 million)(2015: 33.3 million euros)
* Net profit for period declined by around 4% to 27.6 million euros in 2016 (31 December 2015: 28.9 million euros)
* Set itself strategic target of expanding portfolio to a carrying amount of 2 billion euros over medium term beyond 2017
* Expects key performance indictors to improve in 2017 and will provide a forecast of development of significant KPIS for 2017 financial year over next weeks
* Demire has set itself strategic target of expanding portfolio to a carrying amount of 2 billion euros over medium term beyond 2017
* Expects rising income from property letting and falling costs at portfolio and administration level in 2017 financial year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9205 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Manchester United beat West Ham United 4-0 at Old Trafford
* New signing Romelu Lukaku opened scoring on league debut
* Lukaku shot flew in off the post after excellent Marcus Rashford pass
* Lukaku added second goal in 52nd minute with angled header from Paul Pogba cross
* Marko Arnautovic clipped the crossbar with a header for West Ham
* United are away to Swansea on Saturday Aug. 19, West Ham are at Southampton
MANCHESTER UNITED 4 WEST HAM UNITED 0
Aug 13 (Reuters) - Romelu Lukaku struck twice on his Premier League debut for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho's side made a confident start to their campaign with a 4-0 win over West Ham United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The Belgian striker, who was signed from Everton in a 75-million-pound ($97.58-million) move last month, opened the scoring in the 33rd minute, blasting in off the post after latching on to a clever through ball from Marcus Rashford.
Lukaku made it 2-0 seven minutes after the break, rising to meet a Henrikh Mkhitaryan free kick with a superbly angled header into the far bottom corner.
Substitute Anthony Martial made it 3-0 in the 87th minute with a side-foot finish after being played in by Mkhitaryan and moments later Paul Pogba fired in the fourth. ($1 = 0.7686 pounds) (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Clare Fallon)
AmazonFresh Pickup, a service launched by Amazon.com Inc and currently open only to employees, is pictured in the Ballard neighbourhood of Seattle, Washington, U.S. March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond
BOCHUM, Germany Deutsche Post DHL (DPWGn.DE) won a contract to deliver groceries for Amazon's (AMZN.O) AmazonFresh service in Germany, which could help ease concerns that the U.S. retailer's own delivery services are an increasing threat to the German logistics group.
"We want to be the service provider for online grocery sales," Deutsche Post Chief Executive Frank Appel told shareholders at the group's annual general meeting on Friday.
Amazon declined to comment.
People close to the matter told Reuters last month about the deal with Deutsche Post, which already delivers packages for Amazon in Germany.
Deliveries of packages from goods bought online via websites such as Amazon and Zalando has been booming in Germany, helping to boost profits at Deutsche Post, even as Amazon has been developing its own logistics capabilities in other countries.
In Germany, Amazon's second-biggest market, grocery e-commerce has been slow to take off because the country has a high density of food stores and the dominant discounters Aldi and Lidl have been slow to go online.
But REWE, the country's second-biggest supermarket chain, has been investing heavily in e-commerce in anticipation of Amazon's move into food.
Amazon launched fresh food delivery services in Seattle in 2007 and has since expanded to a handful of other U.S. cities. Last year it started the service in London.
Deutsche Post also has its own online supermarket, Allyouneed Fresh, which Appel said on Friday the group planned to continue operating.
Management consulting firm A.T. Kearney expects e-commerce will account for 3 percent of Germany's grocery market by 2020, up from just 1 percent now.
(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Harro ten Wolde and Susan Thomas)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
RPT-Soccer-Chelsea to host Burnley in Premier League season opener
LONDON, England, June 14 Chelsea will open the defence of their Premier League title at home to Burnley when the season kicks off on the weekend of Aug.12-13.
Courtesy of Shake Shack
St. Louis native Danny Meyer and the ShackBurger
Could Ballpark Village become a destination for dining — not just a fun spot for a pre- and post-game party?suggests that no less than Danny Meyer is now eyeing the downtown development, which sits in the shadow of Busch Stadium.Meyer, owner of New York's Union Hospitality Group, announced last year that an outpost of his acclaimed burger and ice cream joint Shake Shack would (finally!) be coming to his home city. That location is slated for the Central West End — but according to St. Louis Magazine , Meyer is now toying with the idea of a second St. Louis location, this time near Ballpark Village.Meyer is eyeing space near the Fudgery, on the northwest corner of Phase One of Ballpark Village. According to the magazine's George Mahe, regarded as the dean of St. Louis food writers, construction documents have been made and "at least some are out to bid." However, as the article explains, that doesn't mean anything definite; restaurants frequently do just that to examine costs and other factors before signing leases.Either way, the Central West End location is still a go. It will be located at 32 North Euclid Avenue near the the Barnes/Children's Hospital complex. It was originally supposed to open this summer, but that's been pushed back owing to construction delays. In fact, if a deal is made on the Ballpark Village location soon, Mahe speculates it could be the first to open, since the space is already built.Either way, good things come to those who wait.
WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump expressed hope on Friday that “something good” could come from North Korea's participation in the Winter Olympics in South Korea, even after Pyongyang warned it would not “sit idle” if Washington and Seoul resumed military exercises after the Games.
Trump met North Korean defectors at the White House on Friday and said the Olympics could serve as an indicator as to whether the crisis over North Korea's development of nuclear weapons capable of hitting the United States could be resolved.
North Korea has not tested a missile since November and resumed inter-Korean dialogue in January, leading to agreement on its Olympics participation and easing tensions after a year of escalating rhetoric between Pyongyang and Washington.
“It's a very tricky situation,” Trump told reporters. “We're going to find out how it goes. We think the Olympics will go very nicely and after that, who knows.”
He said he was not trying to send a message to North Korea by meeting the defectors. “They were here and I said ‘let's tell your story'.”
Asked if there was more Washington could do to resolve the problem, Trump said his administration was doing a lot but its options were limited given concessions by previous presidents.
“We ran out of road,” he said. “We have no road left. So we'll see what happens, but in the meantime, we'll get through the Olympics and maybe something good can come out of the Olympics. Who knows?”
The North-South talks, the first in two years, came after Washington and Seoul agreed to push back a routine military drill until after the Olympics and Paralympics. The Games begin next week and run until March 18.
In a letter to the United Nations published by North Korea's official news agency, North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho warned against resuming the drills, which Pyongyang sees as practice for invasion.
He said that whenever the drills took place “the peace and security of the Korean peninsula were gravely threatened and the inter-Korean mistrust and confrontation reached the top, thus creating great difficulties and obstacles ahead of hard-won dialogues”.
“We will make every effort to improve inter-Korean relations in future, too, but never sit idle with regard to sinister act of throwing a wet blanket over our efforts,” Ri said.
He accused the United States of misleading public opinion by claiming that its pressure campaign, including “their harshest sanctions”, had brought about the inter-Korean talks, when the “dramatic turning point” was thanks to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
In a commentary on Friday, North Korea's state media said Washington was attempting to create a “stage of confrontation” at the Olympics by saying the inter-Korean talks and the positive results that had stemmed from them could “disappear” after the Games.
The Pentagon did not respond to a request for comment on the North Korean statement about the drills, but a spokesman for the U.S. State Department, Mike Cavey, said: “The United States and our allies and partners in the region have long conducted routine exercises to maintain readiness. These exercises ensure we are trained for combined joint operations.”
Trump's administration has warned that all options are on the table, including military ones, to resolve the crisis.
While it has repeatedly said it prefers a diplomatic solution, Trump has exchanged threats with Kim and U.S. officials have said the president and his advisers have discussed a preventative “bloody nose” strike on North Korea, alarming experts who warn that this could trigger catastrophic retaliation, especially on South Korea.
U.S. officials have said the debate on military action has lost some momentum as a result of the intra-Korean talks, which Trump has called a “good thing” and credited to his tough stance.
Joseph Yun, the U.S. special envoy on North Korea, said on Thursday he did not think the administration was close to triggering military action.
The White House said on Friday that Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spoke by telephone and discussed an expanded missile defence system and other efforts to boost Japan's defences amid the tensions over North Korea.
Trump also spoke to South Korean President Moon Jae-in about human rights in North Korea and trade between the United States and South Korea, the White House said.
South Korea's presidential Blue House said Moon had expressed hope that the momentum of improved North-South relation would go on and that U.S. Vice President Pence's visit “would be an important prelude for that”.
North Korea criticised Pence's pending visit to the Olympics and accused Washington of halting improvements in inter-Korean relations.
Last month, a White House official said Pence planned to use his attendance to try to counter Kim Jong-un's efforts to “hijack” the games with a propaganda campaign.
Twenty-two North Korean athletes will compete in the Olympics, including 12 who will play in a unified women's ice hockey team. The other 10, including a figure skating pair, arrived in South Korea on Thursday.
North Korea has also agreed with South Korea to send a 230-strong cheering squad, as well as an orchestra and taekwondo performance team.
However, a joint cultural performance planned in a North Korean mountain resort was called off this week by Pyongyang, which blamed South Korean media for encouraging “insulting” public sentiment towards the North.
* Eyes markets with high growth or low competition
* To leverage off former suitor Steinhoff
* Establish few stores first, then to consider M&A (Adds detail, background, more CEO comment)
By TJ Strydom and Wendell Roelf
CAPE TOWN, April 12 Africa's biggest grocery retailer Shoprite is considering a push into Eastern Europe, where it hopes to use knowledge gleaned from former suitor Steinhoff International, its new CEO told Reuters.
The move signals a change in strategy for Shoprite under Chief Executive Pieter Engelbrecht, 47, as sovereign rating downgrades and a weak economy cloud prospects at home. It also leads it down a competitive path crowded with established retail giants such as Tesco, Carrefour, Lidl and Aldi.
Engelbrecht, who took over from 37-year veteran Whitey Basson in January, said the company wants to enter markets in Eastern Europe that either "have low competition or high economic growth".
Shoprite has grown rapidly over the past two decades as shoppers from Lagos to Luanda increasingly shunned street markets and spent more of their wages in formal retail stores, but still less than 20 percent of its sales are outside its home market. "We will look at other developing countries. That is also something that came out with our Steinhoff discussions and they've got good presence there, so we would like to leverage off that knowledge and definitely have a look at the East Bloc countries," he said in an interview at the company's head office outside Cape Town.
Steinhoff in February called off a plan to merge its African clothing and furniture assets with Shoprite's stores, a deal bankers had said could create a giant valued at more than 180 billion rand ($13 billion).
"The two types of entry countries that you look at is either one with low competition or you look at one with high economic growth," he said, adding that a trip to the region was planned although he did not say which countries he was considering.
"We will go slow. We are not going to over commit ourselves to learn if the market accepts us. So we will first establish a couple of stores and make sure the market likes us, and if we find acceptance then one can look at a merger or acquisition."
However, a move to Eastern Europe would be fraught with risks and would not likely provide the profits necessary to offset the impact of reducing its exposure to the impact of credit ratings downgrade on South Africa, analysts said.
"So whatever ratings uplift one can expect from reducing South African exposure, might well be given up on lower profit margins and execution risk from such an acquisition," said Unathi Loos, an Investec Asset Management retail analyst.
But Shoprite's experience in selling to low income earners in far-flung cities across Africa could help it mount a strong challenge.
The company is also pondering a move into the South American market, Engelbrecht said.
SOUTH AFRICA
Engelbrecht, a chartered accountant who - before a serious neck injury - had dreams of playing rugby professionally, said Shoprite was maintaining sales and customer growth in South Africa and should reach its profit targets this year, but was concerned that a weaker rand currency could hurt consumers.
South Africa's rand was the worst performing emerging market currency this month, retreating more than 10 percent against the greenback, as the shock of a midnight cabinet reshuffle and subsequent credit ratings downgrade weighed on sentiment. [
Engelbrecht said Shoprite had a strong balance sheet to help weather the volatile rand and was talking to banks to raise between 10 billion and 15 billion rand for its capital requirements over the next six years.
Though raising funds in South Africa is likely to be more costly due to the downgrades, Shoprite can still tap foreign markets through its structures in Mauritius.
And raising funds in Eastern Europe could be significantly cheaper than in South Africa, analysts said. ($1 = 13.6146 rand) (Editing by Louise Heavens and Susan Thomas)
FRANKFURT, March 29 ** Siemens has no plans to gradually to sell down its stake in healthcare unit Healthineers after an IPO or spin-off, its chief executive tells Swiss newspaper Finanz und Wirtschaft in an interview
** "We will keep the majority. It is one of our most attractive businesses and will be the third pillar alongside renewable energy and the industrial Siemens," says Joe Kaeser
** Kaeser says he will have to think twice about whether he wants to list Healthineers in the United States under President Donald Trump - Frankfurt and Hong Kong are also options
** He says no further listings of parts of the company are currently on the agenda
** Kaeser says he uses five criteria to decide whether a business belongs in the Siemens portfolio: Is it in a growth field; is it profitable enough; is it doing better than the competition; are there synergies with other Siemens businesses; and are big changes in the value chain on the horizon?
** He says he believes global economic growth will be better this year than currently expected, thanks to Europe and China
** Asked whether he wants to sell Siemens' 17.5 percent stake in Osram, Kaeser answers: "There is no inherent reason any more to remain invested. There is also the possibility to enable a strategic combination that would strengthen Osram."
** Asked whether he is interested in buying Toshiba's smart grid and metering business Landis & Gyr, he says: "We have an adequate offering in smart meters and so we are not interested in buying Landis & Gyr"
(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Jon Boyle)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
It's being called another “dirty deal”, but the Green Party decision to help Greg O'Connor win the Wellington seat of Ohariu is a sensible and pragmatic move from a party focused on getting into government.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The Greens aren't too proud of it, but pulling out of the Ohariu electorate race in order to help Labour's Greg O'Connor beat incumbent Peter Dunne was the smart thing to do.
They'll be dogged by embarrassment over it - especially the idea that it's some sort of "dirty deal" supporting a socially conservative ex-cop - but ultimately it could help Labour and the Greens change the government.
Unsurprisingly, Newshub's Patrick Gower has been the biggest critic of the Green decision: "Labour and the Greens have just done the dirtiest electorate deal in New Zealand political history - and it is all about destroying Peter Dunne. The tree-hugging Greens will not stand in Ohariu to help the gun-toting former cop Greg O'Connor win the seat for Labour. This is dirtier than most electorate deals because for the first time a party is totally giving up on a seat and not running rather than standing but giving a 'cup of tea' signal for its voters to go for a minor party candidate" - see: Labour-Greens do double dirty deal in Ōhariu.
But the Greens don't accept that, with co-leader James Shaw insisting it's not a "dirty deal" at all - see Anna Bracewell-Worrall's Done deal: Greens stand aside in Ohariu. Shaw says: "The Green Party's always thought that the 'cup of tea' arrangements where one party pretends to stand in an electorate while instructing their supporters to vote for another party is intellectually dishonest".
In contrast, Shaw says: "This is a more transparent approach, where we're saying 'Look, if you want to change the Government, then Ohariu matters and we're simply gonna stand out of the way'."
Have the Greens and Labour done a "deal" or not?
Both the Greens and Labour are claiming that the Ohariu withdrawal is actually not a "deal" at all. They prefer to term it an "electoral accommodation". Furthermore, they say there is no quid pro quo from Labour, and that the decision was made by the Greens independently of Labour.
Continued below.
Related Content Greens step aside in Ohariu to give Labour clear run against United Future leader Peter Dunne Video Mikes Minute: Common sense from the Greens Barry Soper: Greg O'Connor laughing all the way to ballot box
Yet, the parties are also still citing their memorandum of understanding as the basis for the Greens helping Labour in Ohariu - and that is most definitely a "deal". So regardless of whether the Greens have made their decision independent of pressure or formal agreements with Labour on this exact electorate, it's part of that wider deal to help each other electorally.
So is the deal hypocritical? This is arguable. Certainly both the Greens and Labour have strongly criticised other parties for their electoral manouverings in the past, especially when National has encouraged its supporters to vote for other parties, such as Act.
Even Andrew Little has, in the past, criticised the Act party for withdrawing a candidate to help National win New Plymouth, saying "If you're a party and you're fighting in a general election you put your candidates up and you put your people up and we'll be the judge. People don't like being deprived of that choice" - see Jenna Lynch's Andrew Little's u-turn on dirty deals.
A smart move by the Greens
In reality the Greens had no real choice but to pull out of the Ohariu race - it was just too risky to remain. The party would have been very aware of the danger that they could be blamed for preventing a Labour victory in the seat. After all, as Jane Patterson points out, "In 2014, Mr Dunne had a 700 vote majority over the Labour candidate, with the Greens candidate getting about 2700 votes" - see: Labour-Greens deny deal over Ohariu seat.
If that scenario was repeated in 2017, then people would quite rightly point their finger at the Greens to say "It's your fault". And having Peter Dunne win or lose could indeed play a role in determining whether Labour or National lead the next Government. If Dunne wins again, it could be a vital vote for Bill English in putting together his government.
Also, although the deal is being painted as a "dirty deal", increasingly there is an awareness that there is a rational need for such a sensible MMP strategy. After all, there's no great need for an electorate to have all the political parties running candidates - especially those candidates that have no chance of winning.
In fact, this should happen much more often under MMP. The Greens have stood aside in a couple of by-elections lately, too - Northland and Mt Roskill. And, of course, the National Party is currently standing aside in the Mt Albert by-election. And National will, once again, stand aside in the Maori seats, and instead encourage its supporters to vote for the Maori Party.
Certainly it seems more principled for the Greens to stand aside in electorates they can't win than it is to carry out their usual line in these races, which essentially has the Green candidate saying "I know I can't win this electorate - so vote for someone else - but I'd like your party vote". In fact, recently Greens co-leader Metiria Turei has been quite up front in saying that, although she is running in the Maori seat of Te Tai Tonga, she only wants the party vote - see TVNZ's Labour and Greens' strategy could split vote in key Maori seat.
"Weasel words" from the embarrassed Greens
There is reason, however, to question how completely honest and principled the Green deal is for voters in Ohariu. What will rankle with many voters is the lack of transparency. After all, James Shaw still can't manage to say that he wants Green supporters in the electorate to vote for the Labour candidate, even though that's exactly what they want.
This is a bit silly and Newstalk ZB's Barry Soper therefore labels it as "politician's weasel words" - see: Opposition perfectly entitled to Dunne deal. Soper says: "James Shaw was equally sensitive when it came to advising who his party's devotees should cast their electorate ballot for, repeatedly telling us the voters should decide but their priority is to change the Government. When it was put to him that a vote for O'Connor is the best strategy to change the Government, he told us if voters do want to change the Government they'll know what to do."
It's clear that, although the party has taken the big decision to withdraw from Ohariu, the Greens are still frightened of being too clear that they are endorsing another party. Mostly because they don't like how that sounds - it makes it sound like a "dirty deal", and opens them up to accusations of hypocrisy, given their previous criticisms of other deals.
But also, the Greens are particularly uncomfortable with the candidate that Labour is running in Ohariu - Greg O'Connor. The former cop and Police Association president is seen as having very socially conservative views, especially in terms of law and order. And the Greens are worried about how they'll look endorsing such a conservative politician.
Patrick Gower elaborates on this, saying "what makes it doubly dirty is the Greens helping O'Connor. It goes without saying that the Greens don't like O'Connor and his pro-Police ways one little bit - he wants the community cops in Johnsonville to have guns on their hips and reckons police were hard done by in the likes of Roast Busters and the Tuhoe raids."
James Shaw has been at pains to dance around this embarrassing problem, saying "Greg has said things in the past that progressive voters would take issue with", and "I would suggest that people question him about those statements. They've got to decide for themselves whether they're satisfied with the answers to those questions" - see the Herald's Greens step aside in Ohariu to give Labour clear run against United Future leader Peter Dunne.
Writing today, Gordon Campbell is aghast at the decision by the Greens to help Labour: "if they roll over this readily now, what treatment can the Greens expect to receive from Labour if and when Labour finally gets its hands on the levers of power? Is it possible now to conceive of anyone that Labour could put up as a candidate in a marginal electorate that the Greens could reject, on principle? Evidently not. Somehow, It's hard to imagine the likes of Rod Donald going out of his way to assist Greg O'Connor into a position where he could hope to wield ministerial power on law and order issues" - see: On Labour's candidacy troubles.
Campbell also outlines a number of problems with O'Connor he suggests that Green voters should have a problem with.
Will the Green tactic work in Ohariu?
So will the Greens in Ohariu obey the party leadership's vague instructions to support O'Connor? Green-friendly blogger, No Right Turn, suggests they shouldn't, and he explains why: "Obviously, the Greens can't control who Labour selects as candidates. But they can control whether they approve of them. And faced with a candidate like O'Connor, their response should be to say "not on my watch". This is a man who should not be in Parliament, and the Greens should do their bit to keeping him out. Instead, they've rolled over in the name of good relations with Labour under the spurious guise of "changing the government"." - see: Cowardice from the Greens.
Similarly, local Green blogger Danyl Mclauchlan, writing before his party's announcement, said: "I don't know if there's going to be a Green candidate contesting it this time around, but I'm starting to think that electorate voting the National candidate is the strategic move? If the Nats win the seat it knocks out Dunne and his overhang. Not much chance of it, admittedly - Dunne got ~7000 votes more than the Nat last time. But there's no f*cking way I'm voting for Greg O'Connor" - see: Ohariu. (Protected blog)
And Gordon Campbell suggests that "social liberals left in Ohariu face something of a dilemma. Do they vote against Dunne in order to change this government's dismal policies on health, education, the environment, welfare and the economy - or do they vote tactically for Dunne, to try and prevent O'Connor from becoming this country's next Minister of Police? Ultimately, they'll probably vote for O'Connor, but with gritted teeth."
Therefore, some - such as Patrick Gower - believe this "could be the end of Dunne." David Farrar's not so sure - see Dunne to stand again. And Dunne, himself, thinks that the Greens ploy could backfire, therefore helping him hold his seat.
Partly, the result will depend on how the National Party orientates itself to Dunne in the electorate. Because although the transfer of the Green electorate votes to Greg O'Connor makes it look like Labour could win it off Dunne, there's also the National candidate Brett Hudson's 6120 votes at the 2014 election to consider. If National signals more strongly for its supporters to vote for the incumbent, then Dunne might easily romp home.
Finally, Martyn Bradbury has blogged about these numbers, and how Labour's O'Connor is going to have trouble winning over both left and right voters: "the 6120 votes that went to National's Brett Hudson still swamps the 2764 of the Greens' Tane Woodley. So Dunne plus the National Party candidate totals still beats Labour + Greens. Standing down their candidate, while symbolic and beneficial to beating Dunne still doesn't mean they've done enough if English pulls the same trick and stands down his National Party candidate as well. O'Connor still has to win over National and United votes while bringing the Labour + Green base with him. It's going to take a herculean effort to beat Peter Dunne, but this way with this candidate is the only roll of the dice in town" - see: Sanity & MoU prevails - Greens won't stand candidate in Ohariu.
- NZ Herald
In global-scale leading project led by Queen's University Belfast and China National Center for Food Safety Risk Assessment
Contact
Margaret
***@polyu.edu.hk Margaret
End
-- The Institute for Global Food Security at Queen's University Belfast will lead one of the world's largest food safety projects across Europe and China. The European Horizon 2020 programme and Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) programme have awarded €10 million towards an EU-China partnership to improve food safety and tackle food fraud.The EU-China-Safe project will involve key players in the food industry, research organisations and Governments across two of the world's largest trading areas.Food fraud manifests itself in many ways, from horse meat labelled and sold as beef, as was the case in Europe in 2013, to illicit oil which saw slaughterhouse waste and sewage used in cooking oil, known as the 2014 'gutter oil' scandal in China.EU-China-Safe will reduce food fraud and improve food safety through focusing on improving food legislation, food inspection and increasing access to information across both continents. State-of-the-art technologies including a virtual laboratory will create a unique space to share and demonstrate best practice. The use of innovative technologies will result in improved detection of adulteration of food products as well as increased traceability and transparency of global supply chains.Professor Elliott, Pro-Vice Chancellor at Queen's and project co-ordinator, said: "We are delighted that The Institute for Global Food Security at Queen's University will lead this important project, bringing together key stakeholders in the global food system across two of the world's largest trading markets."Professor Yongning Wu, Chief Scientist from the China National Center for Food Safety Risk Assessment, co-ordinator of the Chinese efforts in the project, stated: "The EU-China-Safe partnership between our two trading regions is of immense importance to help deliver safe and genuine food to all citizens.""Working together across China and the EU will enable us to identify where food fraud is happening, address the root causes and thereby enable us to improve food safety standards for all our citizens."Reported instances of food fraud are on the increase and occur on a global scale, worth an estimated $52 billion globally each year. Food fraud is a global issue demanding a global response. The increasingly complex global food supply network increases the risks of serious food borne illness.Professor Elliott added: "This project will tackle these highly connected issues in a way that will serve to better protect several billion people. There is a pressing need to act internationally in response to emerging threats to food safety and fraud. Working together as a coalition of 33 partners to share knowledge and maximise our technologies will empower the food industry to provide safer, authentic food and will boost consumers' confidence and ultimately facilitate the expansion of EU-China trade."The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) is the only university in Hong Kong to participate in this significant food safety initiative. PolyU is glad to bring its cutting-edge food safety innovations and technologies to the international arena, by working together with 32 partners in EU and China, two of the world's largest economies. Through its pioneering research, its various technology development and collaborative research platforms established, as well as the University's long-term engagement with the industry, government, research institutes and non-profit-organisations, PolyU will continue to contribute towards the advancement of global food safety in collaboration with stakeholders.The partnership is made up of 33 partners, including 15 in the EU and 18 in China.Queen's University Belfast; Vysoka Skola Chemicko-Cechnologicka V Praze; Bundesinstitut Fuer Risikobewertung;Agriculture and Food Development Authority; University College Dublin; Wageningen University; Joint Research Centre – European Commission; Fundacion Azti - Azti Fundazioa; Nofima As; Advanced Research Cryptography Limited; Jochen Kleboth; Euroquality Sarl; Fera Science Limited; Cranswick Country Foods Plc; Nestec SA.China National Center for Food Safety Risk Assessment; Chinese Academy of Inspection & Quarantine; Beijing Center for Disease Prevention and Control; Jiangsu Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau; Shanghai Entry-Exit Inspection andQuarantine Bureau of The People's Republic of China; China Meat Research Center; China National Research Institute of Food and Fermentation Industries SOE; China Agricultural University; Tianjin University of Science and Technology; Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences; Yangtze Delta Region Institute of Tsinghua University, Zhejiang; Ningbo Academy of Inspection and Quarantine Comprehensive Service Center for Technical Trade Measures; United States Pharmacopeia Standard R&D and Technical Service (Shanghai) Co Ltd; Danone Asia-Pacific Management Co Ltd; Nestle R&D China Ltd; Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co. Ltd; Jiangsu Yurun Meat Foods Co Ltd; The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Jose Ribamar from Brazil's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured next to his daughter at a hospital after he was injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil, in Sao Luis, Maranhao state, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS /Lunae Parracho
Jose Ribamar from Brazil's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured at a hospital after he was injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil, in Sao Luis, Maranhao state, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lunae Parracho
Jose Ribamar from Brazil's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured next to his daughter at a hospital after he was injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil, in Sao Luis, Maranhao state, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS /Lunae Parracho
Jose Ribamar from Brazil's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured at a hospital after he was injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil, in Sao Luis, Maranhao state, Brazil, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lunae Parracho
BRASILIA Brazilian authorities on Tuesday lowered the toll of people injured in a recent bloody clash between farmers and an indigenous tribe over land, and said no one had their hands cut off as reported earlier by a rights group.
The government of Maranhao state, where the violence occurred on Sunday, said seven people were taken to hospital and only three remain hospitalized, including a man who underwent surgery for exposed bone fractures in both arms.
"Not one had a hand cut off," the government statement said, adding that police intervened as soon as the incident was reported and the circumstances are under investigation.
The Indigenous Missionary Council (Cimi) said on Monday that members of the Gamela tribe were leaving some land recently reclaimed from cattle ranchers when they were attacked by dozens of men armed with guns, knives and clubs.
The rights group said that no deaths were reported, but the injured included a man whose hands were hacked off and several with bullet wounds.
Violent confrontations between farmers and indigenous tribes claiming ancestral lands have become more intense in recent years as Brazil's agricultural frontier has advanced further into the Amazon region.
Brazil's federal indigenous affairs department, Funai, said separately it did not have enough resources after suffering a 44 percent cut in its budget this year.
"Unfortunately, we do not have the manpower to resolve the large number of land disputes we have," Funai President Antonio Costa told reporters. "The land issue is not easy to settle."
A spokeswoman for Funai said the agency would not take a position on the latest violence until it had investigated the facts, but the preliminary view was that it began when the ranchers attacked the indigenous tribe.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
April 6 Gastar Exploration Inc:
* Gastar Exploration Inc - files for mixed shelf of upto $300 million - sec filing
* Gastar Exploration Inc - one or more selling stockholders may, offer and sell up to 169.9 million shares of co's common stock covered by prospectus Source text - bit.ly/2p52LB7 Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO - Seagulls cast shadows on the roof of the media centre during the third round of the British Open golf championship on the Old Course in St. Andrews, Scotland, July 19, 2015. REUTERS/Phil Noble/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Gulls fly over the River Thames near the Houses of Parliament in central London, Britain February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
LONDON Fed up with holidaymakers being divebombed by greedy seagulls in "horror movie" scenes, one British costal area is fighting back by making it an offence to feed the birds.
The district council of east Devon which includes the popular resorts of Exmouth and Sidmouth is introducing an 80-pound ($100) fine.
"Seagulls become accustomed to being fed by people and will attack them if they are not offered food," said local councillor Iain Chubb.
"It isn't very nice when they do come – it's almost like a horror movie," Chubb said, comparing it to British director Alfred Hitchcock's film “The Birds”.
Tourists and local business owners have long been pressing for stronger measures against feeding the gulls than mere warning signs, he told Reuters.
But only regular feeders and restaurants that leave their rubbish bins open were at risk of being sanctioned.
"Quite often the seagulls will sort of swoop over you and if you're a small child and a thing with a three-foot wingspan comes towards you like a pterodacytl you might just throw your food up in the air," he added.
"If you were to feed a seagull a couple of chips, there's nobody going to pounce out the bushes and say ‘you've got a fine.'"
(Reporting by Emily Roe; editing by Stephen Addison)
FILE PHOTO: Shoes hung on a lamp post by opposition supporters are pictured after a rally in Moscow, Russia March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
MOSCOW Russian high school student Roman Shingarkin had some explaining to do when he got home after becoming one of the faces of anti-Kremlin protests at the weekend. His father is a former member of parliament who supports President Vladimir Putin.
At the height of a protest in Moscow on Sunday against what organisers said was official corruption, 17-year-old Shingarkin and another young man climbed onto the top of a lamp-post in the city's Pushkin Square.
Hundreds of protesters in the square cheered and whistled as a police officer, dressed in riot gear, shinned up the lamp-post and remonstrated with the two to come down. They refused, and the police officer retreated, to jubilation from the protesters down below.
As images of the protests, the biggest in Russia for several years, ricocheted around social media, Shingarkin's sit-in on top of the lamp-post was adopted by Kremlin opponents as a David-and-Goliath style symbol of defiance.
Shingarkin was eventually detained when, after the protest in Pushkin Square had dispersed, police persuaded him to climb down. He was taken to a police station but as a minor, he could not be charged. From the police station, he had to ring his father to ask to be picked up.
His father, Maxim Shingarkin, was from 2011 until 2016 a lawmaker in the State Duma, or lower house of parliament. He was a member of the LDPR party, a nationalist group that on nearly all major issues backs Putin.
Putin last year gave the party's leader, Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a medal for services to Russia. With Putin standing next to him, Zhirinovsky proclaimed: "God protects the tsar."
Shingarkin had not told his father he would be going to the protest, but the former lawmaker quickly guessed what had happened.
"When I rang my dad from the police station, he immediately understood why I was there," Shingarkin, wearing the same blue and black coat he had on during the protest, said in an interview with Reuters TV.
"I went there (to the rally) out of interest to see how strong the opposition is, how many people would take to the streets, and at the same time to get a response from authorities to a clear fact of corruption."
He decided to climb up the lamp-post because he "could see nothing from the ground".
Contacted by telephone on Wednesday, Shingarkin senior said he was sympathetic with his son's motives for attending the protest.
"He has a social position, against corruption, I support it completely," Maxim Shingarkin said.
But he emphasised that his son's actions did not mean that he or the family were opponents of Putin.
The Russian leader, Shingarkin senior said, is popular among voters and there is no one to replace him, but he is let down by the officials around him.
Roman Shingarkin said for now he would not attend any more protests unless they were approved by the authorities.
He said he might venture to a non-approved demonstration once he turns 18, because if he gets into trouble then, the police will charge him and not involve his parents.
(Writing by Maria Tsvetkova and Christian Lowe; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
This is about some very easy-to-use advertising math that can help all kinds of businesses make a lot more money. The math is called "The Barrows Popularity Factor." You can download a booklet about it for $4.95 at www.barrows.com
Download "The Barrows Popularity Factor" for $4.95 at www.barrows.com
Contact
Robert Barrows
650-344-4405
barrows@barrows.com Robert Barrows650-344-4405
End
-- Now you can Download The Best Kept Secret in Advertising for only $4.95 at www.barrows.com"The best kept secret in advertising is the fact that there is some very easy-to-use math that actually lets you quantify the relationship between your advertising and sales," according to Robert Barrows, President of R.M. Barrows Advertising and Public Relations of San Mateo, California."Businesses of all kinds of can use the math to help them increase their sales, increase their profit and decrease their risk, says Barrows, and the math is so easy to use that all of the calculations can be done by one person, in moments, with just a simple calculator...and as they say in advertising, "It really works!" The math he is referring to is some math he developed that he calls "The Barrows Popularity Factor." (www.barrows.com/bpfinfo.html)THE REASON THE MATH WORKS IS VERY SIMPLE:The Barrows Popularity Factor is a mathematical equation that reduces the relationship between advertising and sales to its lowest possible common denominator...namely:"How much did you sell? divided by/How much did you Advertise?" (But don't do the math in dollars, do it in units per gross impressions.)In mathematical terms, the formula looks like this:The Barrows Popularity Factor=How much did you sell (in units) divided by/How much did you advertise? (in gross impressions)The answer you get is a rate of return on gross impressions. (Gross impressions is the number of ads multiplied by the audience per ad.)"Once you quantify your rate of return on gross impressions, then you can start using some additional math to help you determine the best way to spend your advertising budget," according to Barrows.The math and how to use it are explained in a booklet he wrote called "The Barrows Popularity Factor" which you can download for $4.95 at www.barrows.com.HOW CAN BUSINESSES USE THIS MATH AND WHY DOES IT WORK SO WELL?Some of the questions that every business looks at regarding advertising are as follows:1) How much should you spend on advertising?2) How should you spend it?3) What should you say?4) What is the best media mix for your company and your advertising budget?5) Which ads and which media are producing the best results?6) Which media should you increase and by how much?7) Which media can you decrease and by how much?8) How is your competition spending their advertising budget?9) How is your competition affecting the sales of your product and services?...and a lot of other questions along these same lines."The answers to these kinds of questions are very complex and there is no way to quantify all of the intangibles that affect the sales of a product...intangibles like the demand for a product, the availability of product, the consumer's propensity to spend, whether you had a good sales force or a great sales force during the period of time of a specific promotion, and even the weather can't be quantified with cold, hard numbers...and all of these factors are intertwined,"says Barrows."Plus, everything about the product and everything that you do to promote a product, and everything in the marketplace that affects the sales of a product will be reflected in the 'Popularity' of your product...and that is the essence of 'The Barrows Popularity Factor.'" It quantifies the effectiveness of your advertising because it lets you measure the "popularity of a product and its promotion," and in doing so, it lets you quantify the relationship between your advertising and sales."In short, the easy-to-use math in 'The Barrows Popularity Factor' will allow you to test and compare your advertising copy and media, better, faster and less expensively. Plus, it will give you more of the information you need to help you fine-tune your entire marketing program to help produce much higher sales and profit, says Barrows, and any company that is trying to figure out the best way to spend their advertising budget should take a look at this math immediately.You can read the whole booklet in about an hour and the math is so easy to use that all of the calculations can be done by one person, in moments, with just a simple calculator,"says Barrows.(NOTE TO EDITORS: Media companies can also use this math to help them increase their own advertising revenue because they can use the math to help them work with their clients to help them make their advertising much more effective. Plus, media companies can also use this math to help them plan their own advertising campaigns to help them increase their circulation, increase their audience and increase their advertising revenue.)Barrows has also developed several new and unique proposals for some projects and promotions that could help generate tremendous advertising revenues for media companies.One of these proposals is for an Advertising Giveaway Promotion that would be set up in a very special way that could help generate a tremendous amount of new business for all kinds of media companies.Companies that would be interested in taking a look at these proposals should contact Robert Barrows at 650-344-4405.For additional information about the advertising math and the proposals, contact Robert Barrows at R.M. Barrows, Inc. Advertising & Public Relations in San Mateo, California at 650-344-4405, www.barrows.com.
Dallas Cowboys offensive line including tackle Doug Free (68), guard Zack Martin (70), center Travis Frederick (72) and offensive tackle Chaz Green (79) lead rookies Ezekiel Elliott (21) and quarterback Dak Prescott (4) onto the field to face the San Francisco 49ers at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California, Sunday, October 2, 2016.(Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
There's an elephant in the Cowboys offensive line room. Something - better yet, someone - is missing.
Left guard Ron Leary left Dallas in free agency for Denver this spring. And right tackle Doug Free retired after 10 seasons anchoring the Dallas line.
It's noticeable, linemen say.
"It's much different not having big Doug in there, the old crafty vet saying his crafty vet things in the meeting room," OT Chaz Green said Tuesday at Cowboys minicamp. "It's definitely different."
The line is determined not to let the personnel change interrupt them. They have the three remaining Pro Bowlers - Travis Frederick, Zack Martin and Tyron Smith - continuing to hold their unit accountable. La'el Collins is spending more time learning from Smith, backup Emmett Cleary's cross-training at multiple positions, Byron Bell's dropping pounds and Green's studying film on league greats.
But how can they ensure a return to the 2016 line's gold standard? Step 1: Work together.
"If you're playing offensive line and everyone's not working together, everybody's not on the same page, it doesn't matter how good three players are," Green said. "If all five aren't good together, it's not going to matter. ... By nature, you've got to be close as an offensive line."
Smith sees it too. He says his line is playing a game of chess, and his five linemen must work together to achieve checkmate. As each one's moves contribute to the schematic aggregate, the Cowboys offensive line gels while its defensive line struggles to keep pace. Can the D line find that magic to propel the Cowboys pass rush?
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Scynexis Inc
* Scynexis inc says to present scy-078 data on novel lead anti-infective candidate
* Scynexis inc says oral presentation of phase 2 study discusses oral scy-078 in patients with invasive candidiasis
* Scynexis inc says potent in vitro activity of scy-078 against multidrug-resistant fungal pathogen candida auris Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp:
* ‍DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY SELECTS BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON AS PRIME CONTRACTOR ON $621M TASK ORDER TO ENHANCE CYBERSECURITY ACROSS FEDERAL GOVERNMENT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 British insurer Hastings Group Plc reported on Friday a 26 percent rise in first-quarter gross written premiums, boosted by a growth in the number of policies and higher premiums.
The company said premiums had increased across the market after Britain cut the rate at which compensation payments are calculated in personal injury claims and that it expected its business to benefit from the change.
"Our digitally focused business model will allow us to benefit from increased price comparison website usage as our agile, data driven pricing enables us to provide the most competitive deal to more customers searching online," Chief Executive Gary Hoffman said in a statement.
The company said it was pleased with the strong trading performance over the first three months of the year, with gross written premiums rising to 214.7 million pounds ($277 million), from 171 million pounds a year ago.
Hastings said it was well positioned to continue its profitable growth and deliver against its set targets. ($1 = 0.7750 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish and Noor Zainab Hussian in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
HARARE, April 12 Zimbabwean entrepreneurs could soon use movable assets -- including livestock and vehicles -- to secure loans from banks, according to a bill brought before the country's Parliament this week.
The southern African country's economy is now dominated by informal business following the formal sector's contraction by as much as 50 percent between 2000 and 2008, according to government data, after President Robert Mugabe's seizure of white-owned farms decimated the key agriculture sector.
The Movable Property Security Interest Bill, brought before lawmakers by Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa on Tuesday, seeks to make it easier for Zimbabwe's burgeoning informal sector to access funding from banks.
A copy of the bill seen by Reuters on Wednesday defines movable property as "any tangible or intangible property other than immovable property."
Presenting the bill, which still has to go through several stages before being passed as law, Chinamasa said the majority of small businesses did not have the immovable assets which banks require as collateral for loans.
"The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act will be amended to achieve the objective of this bill, and the assets to be considered include any type such as machinery, motor vehicles, livestock, and accounts receivable," Chinamasa told lawmakers.
The finance minister said banks had failed to adjust to Zimbabwe's new economic reality in which the informal sector, mostly made up of small businesses, plays a dominant role.
Loans to small businesses amounted to $250 million in the year to date, Chinamasa said, out of total bank loans of nearly $4 billion.
"As minister in charge of financial institutions, I feel there is need for a change of attitude by our banks to reflect our economic realities," Chinamasa said.
The bill provides for a collateral registry to be set up by the central bank, which would maintain a database of all movable assets put up as loan security.
"The purpose of the registry is to facilitate commerce, industry and other socio-economic activities by enabling individuals and businesses to utilise their movable property as collateral for credit," reads part of the bill.
Pitching the proposed law to legislators, Chinamasa cited several developing economies -- including Liberia, Ghana, Malawi, Kenya, Lesotho, Peru and Ukraine -- which he said used livestock and other movable assets as collateral to increase lending to small businesses.
"Their access to banking finance increased by 8 percent (on average), while interest rates declined by 3 percent per annum. This will bring benefit to the economy, including participation of SMEs in the mainstream financial sector," said Chinamasa.
Zimbabwe's economy enjoyed a temporary reprieve after it adopted the use of multiple foreign currencies -- mainly the U.S dollar and South Africa's rand -- in 2009 to replace its inflation-ravaged local unit.
The currency move initially paid dividends, with the economy expanding by an average 11.3 percent between 2010 and 2012, according to World Bank data, while inflation came down to single digits from about 500 billion percent in December 2008.
However, declining exports from the mineral-dependent southern African country following weaker mineral commodity prices coincided with a sharp rise in imports, triggering an acute foreign currency shortage and slowing down the economy as credit to businesses dries up. (Reporting by Nelson Banya; Editing by Sandra Maler)
ISLAMABAD, May 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - With much of the world pouring investments into renewable and clean energy, Pakistan is drawing criticism for welcoming Chinese investment in coal-fired power plants as part of a plan to boost urgently needed generating capacity.
Officials at the Water and Power Ministry have said Chinese companies and their partners are expected to spend around $15 billion over the next 15 years to build close to a dozen coal power plants of varying sizes around the country.
Mohammed Younus Dagha, the former federal secretary for water and power, who became commerce secretary at the end of March, emphasised that the coal plants are part of a larger plan.
That is the $54 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), which includes spending of about $33 billion on a total of 19 energy projects, including coal-fired and renewable power plants, transmission lines, and other infrastructure.
“Hefty investment under the CPEC project has held out hopes of significantly spiking domestic power generation (by) around 6,000 megawatts by the end of 2018,” Dagha said.
Combined, the projects will eventually generate 16,000 megawatts (MW) of electricity, which the government says is urgently needed.
About three-quarters of the newly generated power will come from coal-powered plants, and the government insists that these will be fitted with the latest technology to reduce pollution and climate-changing emissions.
But environmentalists and energy experts have lambasted the plans for coal-fired plants as a waste of money that will badly damage the environment and tarnish Pakistan's image as one of the lowest-carbon emitters.
“Such plants would only accelerate the rising trajectory of the country's carbon emissions, (accelerating) environmental degradation that costs billions of rupees to the national exchequer annually,” said Syed Jawad Hussain Shahzad, an energy expert at the Comsats Institute of Information Technology in Islamabad.
ENERGY SHORTFALLS
Pakistan has long needed more power than it can produce, with the energy deficit currently around 4,000 MW. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), average energy demand in the country is around 19,000 MW, against generation of around 15,000 MW.
Demand soars beyond 20,000 MW during peak summer months of May to July, when air conditioning systems place an extra burden on the national power grid, often causing power cuts.
The IEA forecasts that total electricity demand will rise to more than 49,000 MW by 2025 as the country's population increases.
Only 67 percent of Pakistan's approximately 190 million people have access to electricity, according to the World Bank.
To improve access and keep pace with economic growth, the country needs to invest between 3.7 percent and 5.5 percent of its GDP each year in increasing electrical production, the bank said in a report on South Asian infrastructure published in 2013. Part of the motivation for building coal-powered plants lies in the availability of the fuel within Pakistan.
The federal minister for planning, development and reform, Ahsan Iqbal, said that the sprawling desert region of Tharparkar in southern Pakistan, home to some of the world's largest coal reserves, cannot be left unexploited.
“Pakistan must tap these unutilised vast underground reserves of 175 billion tonnes of coal, adequate to meet the country's energy needs for several decades, for powering the country's economic wheel, creating new jobs, and fighting spiking unemployment and poverty,” Iqbal said.
Pakistan currently ranks 135th in the list of global emitters of carbon on a per capita basis, accounting for less than 1 percent of total global carbon emissions, according to World Bank data.
According to the report submitted by Pakistan to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change last year, the country's emissions in 2015 stood at 405 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2 eq.).
However, emissions are increasing at a rate of 3.9 percent (16 MTCO2 eq.) annually.
Iqbal touts the green credentials of the planned coal power plants, which will use the latest “supercritical” emission-reducing technology that is used in China itself and elsewhere.
“The latest coal power plants (will) be as clean as gas-based power generation,” Iqbal insisted. “(They) require less coal per megawatt-hour, leading to lower emissions, including carbon dioxide and mercury, higher efficiency and lower fuel costs per megawatt.”
RISKS OF WORSENING CLIMATE CHANGE
Nevertheless, independent renewable energy experts say the government's love affair with coal power plants is a huge worry.
“No sane person would want electricity from dirty energy sources, even though supercritical technology is used," said Malik Amin Aslam, a former state minister for the environment who serves as global vice-president of the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
"These plants, not being completely free of carbon emissions, will still harm the public health and the country's environment,” he said.
Pakistan is considered one of the countries most vulnerable to the impacts of climate change, from worsening floods and scalding summer temperatures to erratic rainfall that can kill crops.
China's ambassador to Pakistan, Sun Weidong, stressed that coal power is only part of the projects China is supporting through its investment in CPEC.
“We are equally helping Pakistan to bring more and more renewable energy sources into its energy mix by tapping its massive wind and solar energy potential,” Sun said.
Planned renewable energy projects under CPEC include a solar park, four wind farms and three hydro plants that together would generate around 3,900 MW, at a cost of about $7.5 billion
According to the Pakistan Alternative Energy Development Board, Pakistan has the potential to generate annually 2.9 million MW of clean energy from solar, 340,000 MW from wind and 100,000 MW from hydropower.
“We really fail to fathom the government's inclination towards environmentally damaging coal power plants while the country can generate millions of megawatts of solar, wind and hydro electricity,” said Mir Ahmad Shah, executive secretary of the Pakistan Renewable and Alternative Energy Association.
“Even countries like Saudi Arabia – rich in oil resources – are gradually switching over to clean energy sources,” Shah said.
(Reporting by Saleem Shaikh and Sughra Tunio; editing by James Baer and Laurie Goering :; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
Microsoft has backed off a possible confrontation with customers who had been told their two-to-four-year-old PCs were unfit for Windows 10, a sign, said one analyst, that the company remains unsure of its support strategy for the OS.
Earlier this year, Microsoft blocked a class of low-end personal computers - those equipped with Intel's Atom system-on-a-chip (SoC) processors, dubbed "Clover Trail," part of the "Cloverview" architecture - from receiving the Windows 10 Creators Update. Also known as 1703 in Microsoft's year/month parlance, Creators was the first feature upgrade of the year, and the third since the operating system's launch.
Those Clover Trail-powered devices were made and sold between 2012 and 2015 - the latter the same year Windows 10 debuted - and many if not most were eligible for the free upgrade to 10 that Microsoft offered. But the company balked at serving those machines 1703, telling users in April that because Intel dropped support for four models of the Clover Trail SoC, the PCs "may be incapable of moving to the Windows 10 Creators Update without a potential performance impact."
(Intel calls this state, "End of interactive support (EOIS), which means it no longer offers phone-, chat- or email-based support. Microsoft cited a lack of "necessary drive support" on Intel's part as well, hinting that the issue was largely due to the SoCs' integrated graphics.)
"They're still vague about the constraints to Windows 10 support," said Stephen Kleynhans, an analyst with Gartner. "They're still trying to figure out [support] themselves."
The background: A built-in support contradiction
Some background is required to put Microsoft's decision, or indecision, into context.
Windows 10 suffers from a support contradiction. On the one hand, Microsoft has said that the OS will be the last version of Windows, ever, implying that it will be updated and maintained - "serviced" in the company's vernacular - for all time.
Yet Microsoft has also set the usual 10-year limit on Windows 10 support, setting the end of its "product lifecycle" as Oct. 14, 2025, for almost all versions of the operating system. (The exception: Windows 10 LTSB, for "Long-term Servicing Branch," a change-free SKU available only to enterprise customers, which currently has an end-of-support date of Oct. 13, 2026, or 10 years after the appearance of the last approved LTSB build, mid-2016's Anniversary Update.)
But Microsoft has stuck a different kind of monkey wrench into the works, one that raised questions when it was announced two years ago and was the cause of the recent consternation over Clover Trail. According to company statements of the past, Windows 10 was to be "supported for the life of the device," a timespan it never defined. In its own documentation, Microsoft gets more specific: "A device may not be able to receive updates if the device hardware is incompatible, lacking current drivers, or otherwise outside of the Original Equipment Manufacturer's ('OEM') support period," that documentation reads.
This was the out Microsoft gave itself when it explained why it denied the Clover Trail SoC-powered machines the right to upgrade to Creators Update, aka 1703. "They require additional hardware support to provide the best possible experience when updating to the latest Windows 10 feature update, the Windows 10 Creators Update," Microsoft said. "However, these systems are no longer supported by Intel, and without the necessary driver support, they may be incapable of moving to the Windows 10 Creators Update without a potential performance impact."
Later, Microsoft threw more fuel on the fire when it nailed down the support timetable for each feature upgrade. Its original plan - 12 months of support - was clearly too short, relying on a three-times-a-year release cadence. So, Microsoft extended the support lifespan to 18 months, that period defined by a twice-a-year release tempo. According to Microsoft, once the 18 months was up, a Windows 10 device would no longer receive security updates and other bug fixes. The only way to continue receiving those updates and fixes was to upgrade to a new feature upgrade.
And that was a problem for Clover Trail. The systems would be stuck on the Anniversary Update, or 1607, which by Microsoft's schedule, would drop off support in March 2018.
Microsoft capitulates
Last month, after the Clover Trail Catch-22 again cropped up -- ZDNet's Ed Bott led the way on July 17 - Microsoft gave in. While the company kept the door to upgrades beyond 1607 closed, it reprieved the devices from the execution of its usual no-security-updates order.
"To keep our customers secure, we will provide security updates to these specific devices running the Windows 10 Anniversary Update until January of 2023, which aligns with the original Windows 8.1 extended support period," Microsoft said in an addendum to the April support document.
That solution was easy for Microsoft to implement, as it was already committed to coming up with vulnerability patches for 1607 because that feature upgrade was designated a "Long-term servicing branch" (LTSB) edition, the no-change version aimed at enterprises. Windows 10 1607 LTSB is to receive security fixes until Oct. 13, 2026, so Microsoft was going to quash bugs in any case.
Does Microsoft know what it's doing?
Microsoft has struggled to clarify Windows 10 support since before the Redmond, Wash. giant got it out the door, taking months, for example, to confirm that it would maintain the OS for the usual 10 years. And it's still grappling with defining policy, argued Gartner's Kleynhans.
"They're being hit by the unexpected implications of things they hadn't considered," Kleynhans said when asked about the turn-about on Clover Trail.
Under that explanation, Microsoft hewed to its promise to push hardware off the Windows 10 train when it decided that hardware was too old to run the OS. But it did not anticipate the blow-back, whether from users of the Clover Trail devices or the media, when people realized it meant an end to security updates, and thus a forced obsolescence of systems purchased as few as three years earlier.
But Kleynhans contends that the Clover Trail snafu is a blessing in disguise. "This was a good wake-up call. It could be something bigger that runs into the same problem [in the future], Skylake or Haswell," he said, referring to Intel processor architectures that populate many times the devices of Clover Trail. Better to have an issue that affected millions of systems rather than hundreds of millions, Kleynhans said.
Where Microsoft has stumbled has been in communicating how Windows 10 support works, why and how it's been changed when events superseded stated policy, and what new rules have been put into place. "Microsoft will come up with an answer in cases like this, but it must be communicated," Kleynhans said, implying that the firm has been less than stellar on the latter. "That's going to be the challenge for them."
Although Kleynhans envisions Microsoft taking each instance of inadequate support as it comes along, "The goal would be to formalize that," he said.
In cases like Clover Trail, however, Microsoft may not be able to set policies alone. "I imagine there will need to be coordination with Microsoft's partners," said Kleynhans, talking about chipmakers such as Intel and AMD, as well as major OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) like Hewlett-Packard, Dell, Lenovo and others.
It remains unclear how Microsoft will handle similar situations in the future if they arise. The company may not be able to rely on Windows 10 LTSB to provide the security updates that would cover systems Microsoft decides can't upgrade, as it did the Clover Trail devices; the next LTSB won't appear until 2019, Microsoft has said. (Windows 10 1607 remains the current LTSB version.)
"This is definitely an area that [Microsoft] has to clean up," Kleynhans said of Windows 10's support policies. "It's still fuzzy."
WASHINGTON – US President Donald Trump on Monday signed an executive order barring any US-based financial transactions involving Venezuela's new petro cryptocurrency, as US officials warned that it was a "scam" by President Nicolas Maduro's government to further undermine democracy in the OPEC country.
"The 'petro' is a desperate effort by a corrupt regime to defraud international investors," a senior US administration official told reporters, strongly warning that any transactions in the petro digital currency would violate US sanctions.
Advertisement
"Investing in the 'petro' should be viewed as directly supporting this dictatorship and its attempts to undermine the democratic order in Venezuela," the official added.
Trump's order bars "all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a US person or within the US, any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token," issued by Venezuela's government since January 9, the White House said in a statement.
Advertisement
Maduro is hoping crypto-currencies will help Venezuela skirt US financial sanctions as it struggles under hyperinflation and a collapsing socialist economy.
Venezuela's Information Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the cryptocurrency ban.
The order comes as the Trump administration is actively exploring options to sanction Venezuela's oil sector.
On February 20, Maduro said the newly launched oil-backed petro cryptocurrency raised $735-million in the first day of a pre-sale. Maduro also said last month Venezuela is preparing a new cryptocurrency called "petro gold" that will be backed by precious metals.
Any US transactions of the Venezuelan 'petro' conducted before Monday's order would be considered on a case-by-case basis, a second US administration official said.
"We would base our licensing determinations on the facts and circumstances of those particular applications," the second official added.
The US is considered a crucial source of capital for securities and tokens because of the size of its economy and because many global financial operations at some point pass through US financial institutions.
In addition, the US Treasury also announced sanctions against four Venezuelan government officials for corruption and economic mismanagement. The senior administration official said the sanctions against the four officials were not directly linked to the cryptocurrencies issue.
TRIPOLI Libyan naval forces captured two vessels suspected of smuggling oil from the North African country after gun battles lasting several hours west of the capital Tripoli, a spokesman for the service said on Friday.
Libyan forces frequently capture vessels smuggling oil and arms off the coast and the North African state has become a haven for migrant smugglers who take advantage of the country's turmoil to ship people across to Europe.
Ayoub Qassem, a spokesman for the Libyan naval forces, said Ukraine-flagged tanker Routa and a vessel with an unspecified African nation's flag named Stark were captured early Friday.
"Clashes lasted for three hours, but the two tankers were successfully seized," Qassem said.
The incident occurred in the Sidi Said area west of Tripoli. Qassem did not report any casualties or give details on what happened to the crew of the vessels or their nationalities.
Six years after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi, Libya is still caught in turmoil among rival military factions who once fought against the former leader but then turned against one another in a multi-sided power struggle.
A U.N.-backed government in Tripoli is struggling to assert control since arriving in Libya more than a year ago. Libya's oil infrastructure is also often targeted by fighting or blockades as rival groups seek to gain wealth or leverage.
(Reporting by Ahmed Elumami; Writing Patrick Markey; Editing by Mark Potter)
DUBLIN, April 5 Ireland's state-run "bad bank" has redeemed a further 952 million euros of senior bonds, it said on Wednesday, cutting its outstanding senior debt to just 500 million euros or 2 percent of the total it originally issued during the financial crisis.
"With the government-guaranteed NAMA senior debt now reduced to 500 million euros, NAMA is close to achieving, three years ahead of schedule, its primary commercial objective of redeeming its senior debt and thereby eliminating this contingent liability for Irish taxpayers," NAMA Chief Executive Brendan McDonagh said in a statement.
The National Asset Management Agency (NAMA), which used 31.8 billion euros worth of mostly senior debt to rid local banks of 74 billion euros worth of risky property loans from 2010, has said it expects to return a lifetime profit of 2.3 billion euros to the government from its loan and property sales. (Reporting by Padraic Halpin; editing by Jason Neely)
March 28 Pure Energy Minerals Ltd:
* Pure Energy Minerals announces non-brokered private placement
* Pure Energy Minerals Ltd - private placement will consist of up to 4 million units (excluding any over-allotment) of company
* Pure Energy Minerals - to undertake non-brokered private placement for total gross proceeds of up to $2 million subject to 15pct over-allotment option
* Private placement will consist of up to 4 million units of company at a price of $0.50 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
PARIS A polling station in the town of Besançon in eastern France was evacuated on Sunday after a stolen vehicle was abandoned with the engine running while voting was taking place, French Interior Ministry said.
The suspicious car was flagged as stolen and had fake number plates, a ministry official told Reuters, adding that a decision was made to evacuate the polling station, while bomb disposal experts were called to examine the vehicle.
France is voting in the first round of a presidential election on Sunday amid heightened security.
Security officials have said there is a risk during the elections of a militant attack like the ones that have killed more than 230 people in the past two years in France.
More than 50,000 police and elite security units have been mobilised for election duty across France.
(Reporting by Gerard Bon; writing by Bate Felix; editing by Jason Neely)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 13 Icade SA:
* Icade announces the acquisition of two clinics by Icade Sante
* The two clinics are subject to 12-year leases with no break options
* Icade Sante has now a portfolio of 97 assets, including 4 projects under development.
* Icade Sante acquired Ormeau MSO Polyclinic in Tarbes (Hautes-Pyrenees) from the Medipole Partenaires Group, for a total of 43 million euros ($45.7 million) (including duties)
* Icade Sante acquired Helios disability care home in Saint-Germe (Gers) for 9.7 million euros (including duties), in partnership with the Clinipole Group from Montpellier Source text: bit.ly/2p0PQEc Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9410 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump downplayed the severity of a potential government shutdown on Thursday, just two days shy of a deadline for Congress to reach a spending deal to avert temporary layoffs of federal workers.
"We'll see what happens. If there's a shutdown, there's a shutdown," Trump told Reuters in an interview, adding that Democrats would be to blame if the federal government was left unfunded.
Congress has until 12:01 a.m. ET on Saturday to pass a bill to fund the government or face a shutdown, which would temporarily lay off hundreds of thousands of federal workers.
Republicans introduced a bill on Wednesday to fund government operations at current levels for one more week, giving them time to finish negotiations with Democrats on the plan for the rest of the fiscal year ending Sept. 30.
Trump said a shutdown would be a "very negative thing" but that his administration was prepared if it was necessary.
In a wide-ranging interview, he defended the one-page tax plan he unveiled on Wednesday from criticism that it would increase the U.S. deficit, saying better trade deals and economic growth would offset the costs.
"We will do trade deals that are going to make up for a tremendous amount of the deficit. We are going to be doing trade deals that are going to be much better trade deals," Trump said.
Trump also said it would be unfair to offer a debt bailout to Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, because it was unfair to people in U.S. states.
As part of the budget negotiations, Democrats have called for financial support to prop up Puerto Rico's Medicaid program covering health insurance for the poor, but many Republicans are opposed to the idea.
"I don't think that's fair to the people of Iowa, and I don't think it's fair to the people of Wisconsin and Ohio and North Carolina and Pennsylvania that we should be bailing out Puerto Rico for billions and billions of dollars," Trump said. " No I don't think that's fair."
(Writing by Julia Edwards Ainsley; Editing by Kieran Murray, Toni Reinhold)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUSIA, Kenya, April 11 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In this sunny part of Kenya, solar cookers – which trap sunlight to heat food – have surged in popularity in recent years. But a big problem remains: How to cook when the sun doesn't shine?
Communities are now starting to sort out solutions, from insulated baskets that hold onto heat after the sun disappears to use of back-up fuel-efficient charcoal and firewood stoves. “Fluctuations in sunshine can hinder cooking using the solar (system) but with the basket we nowadays prepare tea during the day and can drink it after sunset,” said Peter Wanga, whose family has been using a solar cooking system since last year.
The insulated basket “conserves enough heat to cook food even when there is no sunshine” – and is affordable and easy to use, he said.
In Busia County, in western Kenya, as many as 1,500 households have turned to solar cooking, mostly over the last four years, according to county Ministry of Energy figures. Other families have adopted more efficient charcoal or firewood stoves.
The changes in large part have been driven by Farmers with a Vision (FWA), a local community organisation based in Bumala Township.
Over the last four years, “we have sold thousands of solar cookers and energy saving charcoal and wood stoves, and also found a platform to promote use of solar energy appliances such as lighting equipment” said Didacus Odhiambo, the organisation's chief executive officer.
He said the clean energy effort has faced significant challenges, including as many as 60 percent of buyers defaulting on loans for equipment –a problem the organisation is still trying to sort out. Many households struggle to find the upfront money to buy the more efficient cooking technology, he said.
FASTER COOKING, MORE TREES
The switch to more efficient cooking aims to cut deforestation in Kenya, and health problems related to cooking over smoky fires. Those who have bought the new systems say another attraction is that they require only about a third of the usual time to cook food or heat water – a big savings of women's time.
Julius Magero, an official in the Ministry of Energy and Petroleum in Busia County, said that besides protecting increasingly scarce forests, the stoves also are helping women spend less time searching for fuelwood.
Lilian Nyapola, a member of Farmers with a Vision, said the new technologies – most of which cost on average $25 to $60 – have led to a decline in use of firewood and paraffin, which are costly and emit smoke.
“The uptake of solar cookers and energy saving wood stoves and thermos baskets is high,” she said. She sells around 14 clean cooking devices a month, she said – enough that now virtually all of the homes in her neighbourhood now use them.
Nyapola said her 32-member organisation has worked in schools, churches and homes to train community members on the new technologies, and that men have backed women switching to new cooking technology, not least because food can be cooked faster and rarely burns, and children aren't injured in fires.
To afford the equipment buyers can access credit from Farmers With a Vision, or local microcredit agencies, Nyapola said, with loans often paid back over half a year or more.
Odhiambo said the group is in talks with M-Kopa, a money lending scheme owned by Kenya's leading mobile telephone company, Safaricom, to allow buyers to make payments for equipment via their mobile phones.
BATTLING CLOUDY DAYS
Originally the group focused only on selling solar cookers, Odhiambo said, but after complaints about problems using them on rainy or cloudy days, or at night, members broadened their approach.
Now the group offers a range of different solar cooking boxes, parabolic reflector cookers, solar thermos systems and other devices, including clean cookstoves.
Box cookers – designed with help from the Free University of Amsterdam - trap sunlight that shines through the box's glass top, using it to heat food placed inside. The device “can cook when the sunshine is low and when not much light is available. It retains heat and can cook for additional three hours,” Odhiambo said.
He said his organisation also has partnered with EcoZoom, , a company that builds cast iron improved wood and charcoal stoves.
Daniel Maneno, an official with the national Ministry of Energy and Petroleum in Busia County, called the initiative useful, particularly as training on renewable energy technology is provided free of charge.
He said the ministry is also promoting tree planting efforts in collaboration with the Kenya Forestry Research Institute as part of a broader effort to protect trees and reduce deforestation. (Reporting by Justus Wanzala; editing by Laurie Goering; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission voted on Thursday to effectively deregulate the $45 billion business data services market in a win for companies like AT&T Inc (T.N), CenturyLink Inc (CTL.N) and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) that will likely lead to price hikes for many small businesses.
The 2-1 vote is a blow to companies such as Sprint Corp (S.N) and others that claim prices for business data are too high and backed a 2016 plan under former President Barack Obama that would have cut prices.
It marked a significant step in FCC Chairman Ajit Pai's aggressive agenda to roll back many existing telecommunications rules and Obama era regulations.
Small businesses, schools, libraries and others rely on business data services, or special-access lines, to transmit large amounts of data quickly.
The services are used, among other applications, to connect banks to ATM machines or gasoline pump credit card readers. Wireless carriers rely on them to get data from an end user to a node in a major network or the so-called backhaul of mobile traffic.
Thursday's vote scrapped most regulatory requirements in the business data services market, although some price caps in areas with little competition will be retained.
Democratic FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, who accused her Republican colleagues of siding with "the interests of multibillion-dollar providers," said the ruling "opens the door to immediate price hikes" to small businesses. The rule deregulates pricing in a majority of counties and more than 90 percent of buildings using the services.
Pai defended the decision, saying regulatory requirements had threatened competition and investment.
Pai plans as early as next week to unveil plans to dismantle the Obama administration's "net neutrality" rules, even as he favors a free and open internet under a different regulatory scheme.
He declined to discuss his plans, but said he had met this week with executives at Facebook Inc (FB.O), Oracle Corp (ORCL.N), Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) and Intel Corp [L1N1HF1JM] to discuss internet issues.
In recent days, the independent Small Business Administration Office of Advocacy, the European Union and Democratic members of Congress have raised concerns about the lifting of net neutrality rules.
Under Obama, then FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in April 2016 proposed a sweeping reform plan for business data services that aimed to reduce prices paid. Wheeler had proposed maintaining and lowering lower price caps using legacy data systems with a phased-in 11 percent price reduction.
Sprint, which backed Wheeler's proposal, told the FCC in a March 22 letter that "thousands of large and small businesses across the country were paying far too much for broadband because of inadequate competition."
CenturyLink praised Thursday's decision as something that aligned regulations with "competitive market realities." Comcast Corp said the vote would help minimize "burdensome and investment-killing regulations, specifically on new entrants."
Advocacy group Public Knowledge said the decision "doubles down on incumbent market power, forcing businesses, hospitals, schools, and ultimately consumers to pay more for essential connectivity."
(Reporting by David Shepardson; editing by Andrew Hay and Tom Brown)
People pass by a Whole Foods Market in New York City, U.S., February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Activist investor Jana Partners' proposal that Whole Foods Market Inc (WFM.O) move grocery distribution in-house to reduce its dependence on its biggest supplier, United Natural Foods Inc (UNFI.O), is easier said than done.
The 18-year relationship between the two companies has meant their existing operations are deeply interwoven.
Whole Foods, unlike many of the retailers that have been chipping away at its dominance in the natural and organic category, has focused on growing its retail footprint and leaned heavily on United Natural to supply frozen and dry goods.
Jana disclosed on Monday that it had raised its stake in the high-end grocer and called for changes in Whole Food's grocery procurement and distribution strategy, which it called "suboptimal and cost-disadvantaged."
However, analysts and consultants threw cold water on the idea.
"I don't really give a tremendous amount of credence to (the proposal)," Wolfe Research analyst Scott Mushkin said.
United Natural's shares were hammered following Jana's proposal, closing down 8 percent at $39.47 on Monday, while Whole Foods stock closed up nearly 10 percent at $34.17.
United Natural's shares have clawed back most of the losses since then, closing at $41.80 on Wednesday, as it became clear that Whole Food benefits from the scale and pricing leverage that United Natural offers, making it unlikely that the grocer would cut its dependence on the distributor.
Analysts and industry sources said Jana's plan to get Whole Foods to rethink its distribution strategy could set the company up for failure because it lacks cost efficiencies and relationships with distributors that United Natural offers.
"I'm not saying they cant squeeze some money here, but to think that UNFI is somehow fleecing Whole Foods by hundreds of millions of dollars - it really doesn't make a lot of sense," Mushkin said, adding there was a cost-saving opportunity of just tens of millions of dollars.
Whole Foods, which operates about 456 stores, sourced nearly a third of its supplies from United Natural last year.
Whole Foods does not have sophisticated logistics and efficient distribution processes like those at Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Kroger Co (KR.N), and an in-house distribution plan could actually add to the company's costs, analysts said.
"It would be a mammoth undertaking to create their own supply chain," said Roger Davidson, a former executive at Wal-Mart, Whole Foods and Supervalu. Davidson is currently president of consultancy firm Oakton Advisory Group LLC.
LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIP
United Natural has an agreement to continue its supply relationship with Whole Foods through September 2025, according to their annual filings.
Whole Foods operates three seafood processing and distribution facilities, a specialty coffee and tea procurement and roasting operation, 11 regional distribution centers that focus on distributing perishables and four bakehouses, the company's annual filing showed.
Apart from United Natural, the company sources goods from local, regional and national producers, specialty wholesalers and direct distributors - a fragmented market where the company possibly has weaker price leverage than it does with United, analysts said.
While the Austin, Texas-based natural and organic foods supermarket chain is the largest of its kind in the United States, the company will not be able to squeeze the economies of scale from farmers and smaller producers unlike United Natural.
"It's not a core competency for Whole Foods, which is why they have the relationship," said Ajay Jain, analyst at Pivotal Research Group.
"Even major self distributing chains like Kroger ... also rely on suppliers like UNFI because they can procure products more easily than the retailer."
Whole Foods declined to comment beyond the statement it issued on Monday. United Natural did not respond to a request for comment.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles, Anya George Tharakan and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Writing by Sayantani Ghosh; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
ISLAMABAD/NEW DELHI A Pakistani military court on Monday sentenced an Indian accused of espionage to death, ratcheting up longstanding tensions between the nuclear-armed states.
Pakistani authorities say Kulbushan Sudhir Jadhav, a naval officer, was arrested in March 2016 in the turbulent province of Baluchistan, which has seen a long-running conflict between Pakistani security forces and a militant separatist movement.
The Pakistani military said in a statement he had confessed to being tasked by India's intelligence service with planning, coordinating and organising espionage and sabotage activities in Baluchistan "aiming to destabilise and wage war against Pakistan".
The sentence was passed by a Field General Court Martial and confirmed by the powerful army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa.
India rejected Pakistan's account of Jadhav's activities and summoned Pakistan's high commissioner.
India's Ministry of External Affairs described the proceedings leading to the sentence as "farcical" and said no credible evidence had been presented against Jadhav.
In a statement, India also said that Jadhav had been kidnapped in Iran and "his subsequent presence in Pakistan has never been explained credibly". It said he had been denied access to Indian consular officials despite repeated requests.
"If this sentence against an Indian citizen, awarded without observing basic norms of law and justice, is carried out, the government and people of India will regard it as a case of premeditated murder," it said.
Pakistani authorities did not say when the sentence would be carried out. Diplomatic manoeuvring, lengthy legal proceedings and the possibility of appeal could mean the case would be contested for years, an analyst said.
"Very often, they keep these guys on death row for years, if not decades, as bargaining chips," said Ajai Sahni, executive director at the Institute for Conflict Management in New Delhi.
Sahni said there was "going to be a lot of posturing by both sides" but he doubted it would lead to any direct military action.
According to Pakistani authorities, Jadhav told judges last year that he was a naval officer who had started doing work for Indian intelligence following a 2001 attack on parliament that India blamed on militants backed by Pakistan.
Pakistan accuses India of helping the separatist movement in Baluchistan, a charge denied by India.
For its part, India says Pakistan aids separatist fighters in Kashmir, part of India's only Muslim-majority state, which Pakistan also claims.
Last September, tension between the neighbours escalated after gunmen killed 19 Indian soldiers at an army camp in Kashmir, an attack India blamed on Pakistan-based militants.
Pakistan denies backing militants saying it only offers political support to the Muslim people of Indian-controlled Kashmir.
(Reporting by James Mackenzie, Douglas Busvine; Editing by Robert Birsel)
A European Union flag is waved in front of Big Ben outside Parliament after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union in London, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON Britain should aim to secure visa-free travel between the UK and the European Union in upcoming negotiations to leave the bloc, an association of travel agents said on Tuesday, adding that a transitional deal could also help the sector.
Britain formally began its divorce from the European Union last Wednesday, and airlines have demanded that their sector is prioritised in the forthcoming two years of negotiations to ensure there is no disruption to flights.
The Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA) said the maintenance of visa-free travel between the EU and UK after Brexit was among its key priorities.
Other goals for ABTA included the protection of Britons' ability to travel freely to Europe and beyond and safeguards for consumer rights, as well as stability and growth opportunities for British businesses.
"Travel and tourism is one of the UK's largest industries and it is vital that the Government makes sure it can continue to thrive during and after the negotiations," said Mark Tanzer, Chief Executive of ABTA.
The trade body also said a transitional arrangement may be needed, to give consumers certainty given that some holidays are sold a year and a half in advance.
Currently Britain is due to leave the European Union in March 2019, whether or not an agreement over the terms of its departure can be reached.
Unlike trade arrangements, which will default to World Trade Organisation rules if no deal is reached, the aviation sector has "no international fall-back option," the ABTA report said.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
A sidewalk sign points to the emergency entrance at the University of San Diego Health System in La Jolla, California, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
NEW YORK Health insurers seeking regulatory approval for 2018 individual insurance plans can file two sets of premium rates as a way to deal with market uncertainty created by Republicans' promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, a California state insurance regulator said on Friday.
California Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones told insurers in a letter made public on Friday that they can file a set of lower rates based on the continued enforcement of the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature legislation, and the continuation of government subsidies next year.
Insurers can also file rates that reflect uncertainty over the continuation of Obama-era policies, he said, by specifying the costs associated with losing the government funding for cost-sharing subsidies that members use to reduce out-of-pocket expenses and the requirement that all Americans have insurance.
Jones said that the move would enable insurers to file lower rates as well as the higher rates he expects them to submit.
The California Department of Insurance said rates are due on May 1 for individual insurance. The state is one of about a dozen that run its own online exchange where residents can buy these subsidized plans. Other states use the federal HealthCare.gov system and rates are due in June.
Insurers have warned that they need more certainty to file 2018 rates this spring. Anthem Inc Chief Executive Joseph Swedish said on Wednesday that he was telling states that he may raise rates by more than 20 percent or pull out of markets for 2018 if he does not have more information by June.
Molina Healthcare Inc CEO Mario Molina said in a letter to Congress on Thursday that he was ready to pull out of the market altogether and drop up to 700,000 customers as soon as this year.
(Reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bill Rigby)
March 29 Inmobiliaria Colonial SA:
* Reaches the maximum number of shares to be acquired under the repurchase program, that is a total of 10.0 million shares, representing 2.8 percent of the share capital
* Completes the repurchase program Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes.
But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at his first news conference about whether and how he might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from his predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
Powell hasn't yet tipped his hand. Speaking to Congress last month, the new chairman said his "personal outlook" on the economy had strengthened since December, when the Fed's policymakers collectively forecast three rate hikes for 2018, the same as in 2017. That comment helped send stocks tumbling because it suggested that the Fed might be about to accelerate the gradual pace it had pursued under Yellen. More aggressive rate increases would likely slow the economy and make stocks less appealing.
Yet when he testified to Congress again two days later, Powell tempered his view: He stressed that the Fed still thinks it has room to maintain a moderate pace of rate hikes, in part to allow Americans' average wages, which have stagnated for years, to pick up. The impression was that he might not favor raising rates faster than Yellen did after all — at least not yet.
Advertisement
That said, few doubt that the Fed will announce when its policy meeting concludes that it will resume raising rates, after having most recently done so in December. A healthy job market and a steady if unspectacular economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases within a still historically low range of borrowing rates.
The financial markets have been edgy for weeks, and Powell's back-and-forth comments have been only one factor. A sharp rise in wage growth reported in the government's January jobs report triggered fears that higher labor costs would lead to higher inflation and, ultimately, to higher interest rates. Stocks sank on the news. But subsequent reports on wages and inflation have been milder, and the markets appear to have stabilized.
The February jobs report pointed to an unusually robust labor market: Employers added 313,000 jobs, the largest monthly gain in 1½ years. The unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Other measures of the economy, though, have been more sluggish. Consumer spending, the economy's primary fuel, has slowed this year and has led many economists to downgrade their forecasts for growth in the January-March quarter. Some now envision an annual growth rate of just 1.7 percent for the quarter.
Forecasts for all of 2018, though, still predict an acceleration later this year, driven in part by the stimulative effect of the sweeping tax cuts President Donald Trump pushed through Congress in December and a budget agreement in January to raise government spending by $300 billion over two years.
If economic growth does pick up and the job market remains healthy, the Powell Fed is viewed as likely to accelerate its rate hikes, from the three it projected in December to four this year. Even after five rate increases over the past 27 months, the Fed's benchmark rate remains in a still-low range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent, up from a record low near zero as recently as December 2015. The Fed's slighter higher key rate has, however, contributed to higher consumer loan rates, including for home mortgages.
Some economists say they think Powell will try to demonstrate at the start of his tenure that he is serious about keeping inflation under control, a central responsibility for any Fed leader.
"Powell will want to make sure he establishes his credentials as an anti-inflation chairman," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands.
Besides announcing its rate decision Wednesday, the Fed will update its quarterly forecasts, which will show its expectations for growth, unemployment, inflation and the expected pace of its rate increases over the next three years. Even if the Fed doesn't explicitly predict four rate hikes for 2018, it could effectively signal as much by upgrading its expectations for growth.
The Fed's December estimate for economic growth in 2018, as measured by the gross domestic product, was 2.5 percent, an upgrade from its 2.1 percent forecast of three months earlier. Now, with the tax cuts and spending increases in place, might the Fed raise that growth forecast even further?
In his news conference after the Fed's meeting ends, Powell will be able to shape perceptions of the central bank's likely direction under his stewardship. It won't be without risk. Any serious misstep could unnerve global financial markets. But Powell's testimony to Congress last month drew strong reviews.
"Powell delivered a solid performance before Congress, worthy of William McChesney Martin," said David Jones, an economist who has written books on the Fed, referring to the longest-serving Fed chairman, whose tenure stretched from 1951 until 1970. The plain-spoken Martin once suggested that the Fed's key function was to take away the "punch bowl" just when the party is really warming up.
"Powell is well-prepared for this job, and I think he will be a Martin-type guy who will describe the Fed's actions in plain, understandable terms," Jones said.
BERLIN May 3 Germany's fixation on the idea that other European countries want its money has clouded its view on the need for closer euro zone integration, and this stance must change, said a top adviser to French presidential frontrunner Emmanuel Macron.
Jean Pisani-Ferry, the economist who oversaw the construction of Macron's election programme, told German weekly Die Zeit that a victory for the centrist candidate over his far-right rival Marine Le Pen on Sunday would be a "strong signal for more Europe".
And he made clear that Macron, if he wins, would expect Germany to engage with Paris on reform of the euro zone, saying the currency bloc needed its own budget, both to boost investment and to bolster its ability to react to crises.
"The EU cannot remain as it is," Pisani-Ferry was quoted as saying. "After the elections in Germany in September, at the latest, we will have to look very closely at what has gone wrong and what we can do better."
"We have understood that Germany does not want to be and cannot be the paymaster for Europe. The problem however, is that Germany's obsession with the idea that it is all about money has distorted its view of what we need to change in Europe so that the currency union works," he added.
In addition to introducing a euro zone budget, Macron supports the idea of a finance minister for the bloc, converting the ESM bailout fund into a full-fledged monetary fund similar to the IMF, and pressing ahead with the completion of the bloc's banking union.
He has said his first priority as president would be to reform the French economy. This, he says, would help restore trust with Germany and make it easier for the euro zone's two biggest countries, long seen as the motor of European integration, to press ahead with reforms of the bloc.
Officials in the German government are openly backing Macron in the runoff with Le Pen, who is threatening to pull France out of the EU and euro.
But hardliners around Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble are leery about any steps to pool financial resources in Europe and believe structural reforms in France and other countries are the key to strengthening the euro zone. (Reporting by Noah Barkin; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
TORONTO May 3 Canada's main stock index finished lower on Wednesday, as mining companies, weighed down by weaker metal prices, led broad declines.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed down 76.51 points, or 0.49 percent, at 15,543.14, with all 10 of the index's main sectors in the red. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Sandra Maler)
March 31 Pacific Plywood Holdings Ltd-
* Company and listed shares disposal purchaser entered into a deed of termination
* Deed of termination in relation to termination of listed shares disposal agreement Source text (bit.ly/2nn9pS3) Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 28 The cost of insuring South African government debt against default hit the highest level in nearly eight weeks on Tuesday after President Jacob Zuma ordered his Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan to return home from an investor roadshow.
Five-year credit default swaps jumped 4 basis points to 209 bps from Monday's close of 204 bps, according to financial data provider IHS Markit.
Yields in South Africa's dollar-denominated sovereign debt rose across the curve, according to Reuters data. The yield in the 2026 issue added 5 bps to 4.6618 percent. (Reporting by Karin Strohecker, editing by Mike Dolan)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Aug 12 (Reuters) - Honda's Marc Marquez recorded his third consecutive pole of the season after setting the fastest time in qualifying at the Austrian Grand Prix on Saturday.
Spaniard Marquez topped the session with a flying lap of one minute 23.235 seconds at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg ahead of the factory Ducatis of Andrea Dovizioso and Jorge Lorenzo, who completed the front row.
Yamaha's Maverick Vinales produced a late recovery to climb up to fourth on the grid, with Ducati's Danilo Petrucci rounding out the top five.
Johann Zarco finished sixth on his Tech3 Yamaha followed by Valentino Rossi, who has struggled with flu heading into the weekend.
Last year's winner Andrea Iannone will start 10th on the grid after finishing almost a second off the pace on his Suzuki.
Defending world champion Marquez leads the championship standings on 154 points, 14 ahead of second-placed Vinales and 21 ahead of Dovizioso.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
* Automakers' April U.S. sales drop; GM, Ford fall
* Advanced Micro tumbles after results; Coach soars
* Fed kicks off two-day meeting; statement due Wednesday
* Indexes up: Dow 0.17 pct, S&P 0.12 pct, Nasdaq 0.06 pct (Updates to close of U.S. market)
By Lewis Krauskopf
May 2 Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday as gains for the tech and industrial sectors countered weakness in auto and energy stocks and investors digested a heavy day of earnings reports.
Ford shares dropped 4.4 percent and General Motors fell 2.9 percent, as major automakers posted declines in U.S. new vehicle sales for April.
Apple shares rose 0.6 percent ahead of the iPhone maker's quarterly results due later on Tuesday.
Investors also were awaiting other significant events later in the week, including Wednesday's expected statement from the Federal Reserve, which began meeting on Tuesday, and Friday's U.S. employment report.
The Fed is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, but may offer hints on the possibility of a rate hike in June.
The benchmark S&P 500 is approaching record highs during an earnings season that has generally exceeded expectations.
Overall, profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.9 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The technicals in general look good for the S&P," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. "The fundamentals are improving, particularly as the earnings season unfolds here."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 36.43 points, or 0.17 percent, to 20,949.89, the S&P 500 gained 2.83 points, or 0.12 percent, to 2,391.16 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.76 points, or 0.06 percent, to 6,095.37.
The technology sector rose 0.3 percent, its fourth straight day of gains. Industrials gained 0.5 percent, helped by airlines shares after Delta said its passenger unit revenue increased 1 percent in April.
Energy shares fell 0.5 percent as oil prices weakened.
The S&P 500 has climbed 11.8 percent since President Donald Trump's Nov. 8 election, fueled by hopes for his plans for tax cuts, deregulation and infrastructure spending, though investors have questioned his ability to enact his agenda.
"The administration continues to issue tons of contradictory or hard-to-understand proposals and ideas and I think it has left this market a little bit confused about next steps," said Rick Meckler, president of investment firm LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey.
In earnings news, Advanced Micro Devices tumbled 24.4 percent after the chipmaker's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns. The stock was the biggest percentage decliner in the S&P 500.
Archer Daniels Midland sank 8.9 percent and CVS Health fell 3.6 percent after their respective quarterly reports.
Coach shares rose 11.4 percent, making it the biggest gainer on the S&P, as the handbag maker cut back on discounting in the United States and sold more expensive bags.
Advancing and declining issues were roughly even on the NYSE, while on Nasdaq, a 1.26-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 47 new 52-week highs and 9 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 145 new highs and 51 new lows.
About 7 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
(Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
April 28 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Starbucks Corp missed sales expectations again in its home market and globally in its fiscal second quarter, with sales up 3 percent in both regions. on.wsj.com/2oRzt9s
- Google parent Alphabet Inc on Thursday posted a sharp increase in first-quarter revenue, continuing a trend of rapid growth seemingly unscathed by boycotts from some of its major advertisers. on.wsj.com/2oRjTL6
- Activist investor Third Point LLC is pressuring Honeywell International Inc to spin off its aerospace division, seeking to break off the conglomerate's biggest business just a few weeks after Honeywell switched leaders. on.wsj.com/2oRMyiR
- United Airlines has reached a settlement with David Dao, the Kentucky physician forcibly pulled off an April 9 flight from Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, in the latest step by the carrier to put the crisis behind it. on.wsj.com/2oCGDlH
- Amazon.com Inc posted a 41 percent rise in first-quarter profit, even as the company is spending heavily on everything from international expansion to video content. on.wsj.com/2oCM2JF (Compiled by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru)
Huge loads of electricity transmitted over long distances can cost millions of dollars for power distribution companies. In the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region, proliferating expanse of industrialisation and urbanisation has spiked its power consumption capacities. Power distribution systems operating in this region are adopting advanced technologies and alternative sources. Governments across several APAC countries are inducing higher investment in their offshore wind projects, and while doing so, they are compelled to use efficient power transmission systems. Thus, HVDC transmission systems are actively instated to provide power over long distances across multiple offshore wind projects in the APAC region. Revenues from these measures are projected to fuel the growth of the region's HVDC transmission systems market.
A recent report published by Future Market Insights projects that by the end of 2026, the HVDC transmission systems market in Asia-Pacific region will expand at a robust CAGR of 10.1%. Currently, the market is estimated to be valued at US$ 1,447.6 Mn, and is anticipated to surpass US$ 3,700 Mn towards the end of 2026. The report predicts that apart from rising adoption of HVDC transmission systems in APAC's offshore wind projects, the cost-effectiveness of HVDC transmission systems will also promote their adoption rate.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-ap-3267
Unlike HVAC systems, initial costs of installing HVDC transmission systems are high, but are immaterialised as setting up terminal stations and extending power lines saves quite a lot of capital. Furthermore, HVDC transmission systems are eco-friendly and highly-efficient in supplying power to the remotest of areas as they are deployed in multiple routes such as overhead, underground, subsea, or a combination of these. The report reveals that in 2016, more than one-third of HVDC transmission systems installed across the Asia-Pacific region were deployed as overhead transmission systems. However, towards the end of the forecast period, subsea deployment of HVDC transmission systems is likely to gain traction and rake in over US$ 1 Bn in revenues.
The report also reveals that throughout the forecast period, VSC technology will dominate the HVDC transmission systems market in APAC region by accounting for more than 60% revenue share. Likewise, HVDC transmission systems installed as power solutions will hold a major share of the market's value, while services offered for working of these systems are likely to register a 12.3% CAGR in terms of revenues.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-ap-3267
The report has bifurcated the APAC region into Japan and Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), and these sub-regions are expected to be demand higher power distribution and effective transmission. Another factor promoting the use of HVDC transmission systems over other alternatives is their efficacy in averting power outages or blackouts. Nearly 50% of the market's revenues are, thus, accounted by HVDC transmission systems with power ratings of 2,001 MWs and above. Also, more than three-fourth of the market's growth in concentrated in the APEJ region, making it the dominant region in Asia-Pacific.
The report has also profiled prominent players in the APAC HVDC transmission systems market which include ABB Ltd., Siemens AG, Toshiba Corporation, TransGrid Solutions Inc., General Electric Co., Hitachi Ltd., Abengoa SA, ATCO Electric Ltd., and Prysmian SpA.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/apac-hvdc-transmissions-system-market
Assassin's Creed tries to be a series about history, but over the last decade it hasn't been afraid to get a little loose with that. We've had a tyrannical King George (Washington), and a bizarre hunt for Jack the Ripper, but it's the series the latest dalliance with fiction—Curse of the Pharoahs—that's become my favourite historical diversion.
After the slight disappointment of Origin's more-of-the-same first expansion, The Hidden Ones, Curse has been a joy to play through. Where Hidden's map felt drab and claustrophobic, Curse opens back up again to the kind of experience that made the base game so much fun. There's plenty of water, and open expanses, and even a nice big city (Thebes) to hang out in.
Curse begins with Bayek in town to help track down a precursor artefact that's fallen into the wrong hands, and spends its first few hours playing out as a regular old Assassin's Creed game. You meet some folks, you ride your horse for a bit, you use an eagle to spot a bunch of guys then shoot them in the head with an arrow.
Then it gets weird.
Advertisement
Long-dead Pharaohs of Egypt, dressed in armour and carrying huge weapons, start turning up randomly across the map and massacring civilians. Your investigation of this madness soon takes you outside Thebes to another famous Egyptian locale, the Valley of the Kings, resting place of Kingdom's great leaders. And it's here, not the sprawling capital, that the real action takes place, because this is not a game about undermining the political rule of foreign invaders.
It's a game about the Egypitan afterlife. Something which you only spoke about in the main game, but here, you get to literally run around in it, sliding through cracks between worlds that appears inside the tombs of some of Egypt's most famous pharaohs.
I don't want to speak in too much detail about what happens in there—they're a wonder to experience for the first time—but I will say that you visit a number of them, and each of them is its own beautiful, self-contained Assassin's Creed map, complete with lookouts and sidequests. When you consider that the “real world” map the expansion is based on is also pretty big there's a lot to explore and soak up here.
Advertisement
I don't want to spoil the kind of things you meet while you're in there, either, but like, think about it: you're in the Egyptian afterlife. There's some strange shit walking around, some of which you can talk to, some of which you can't.
Each afterlife world has its own theme and design, and after running around Egypt for a few dozen hours in the main game, it's so much fun seeing such new and bizarre sights in the same universe.
Advertisement
If you were hoping for something new from this outside the setting, I'm sorry to report that the missions you'll be performing here are mostly the same as you've been performing since Origins first released. Most simply involve going to a location, scouting it out then killing some guys, while others ask you to do little more than walk around rooms investigating objects. Some of the afterlife missions get a little creative depending on the theme of that world, but those are rare exceptions.
At least in Curse the overall structure is a bit different. Rather than having you murder your way through a group of villains like both the base game and Hidden Ones did, Curse instead asks you to travel to four worlds of the afterlife and defeat a boss at the end of each one.
This helps the whole game feel a bit more digestible, less of a slog than the others could tend to be, especially when you were made to halt your progress to level up on sidequests (which I didn't have to do nearly as much here). Curse plays more like a game with a handful of clearly-defined chapters rather than a rambling single open-world campaign.
Advertisement
In terms of how it plays Curse of the Pharaohs is more of the same, then, but the key here is how different it feels. The afterlife stages are breathtaking to behold, a welcome change from palm trees and desert rocks, and the way your quest is contained within each one makes them feel like little acid-fuelled holidays away from the politics of ancient Egypt.
I loved each one of them (and enjoyed the Thebes overworld map, too), and as far as Ubisoft's wild deviations from Assassin's Creed's historical snowglobe worlds go, this is by far my favourite. Unlike The Tyranny of King George it's a fun and appropriate addition to the main game's adventures, and unlike Jack The Ripper it's a large new area (well, areas) of game world to explore.
Advertisement
Maybe that's the key here: if you're going to go crazy with Assassin's Creed, go full crazy.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's would-be coalition partners agreed on Friday on an environmental policy in which cars with excess emissions would be refitted rather than taken off the road.
In a coalition paper seen by Reuters, Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) also said they would aim to promote the use of electric vehicles, in particular by fostering the introduction of more electric taxis, buses and delivery vehicles.
The company's logo is seen at the headquarters of Swiss biotech company Actelion in Allschwil, Switzerland January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Shareholders in Swiss biotech group Actelion (ATLN.S) approved on Wednesday spinning off its drug discovery and early clinical pipeline into a new company, keeping Johnson & Johnson's (JNJ.N) $30 billion (24.03 billion pounds) takeover on track to close in the second quarter.
"After a very successful two decades, resulting in an unprecedented share price increase of more than 2,000 percent since our IPO, the next chapter for Actelion awaits," Chairman Jean-Pierre Garnier said after the annual meeting.
"With the successful tender offer by Johnson & Johnson, regulatory approvals on track, and today's approval by the shareholders to spin out Idorsia, the transaction is moving ahead at full steam."
Johnson & Johnson last month declared its tender offer a success and reported it controlled 77.2 percent of Actelion's voting rights after the main offer period.
J&J intends to delist Actelion, while the new research and development company led by Actelion founder Jean-Paul Clozel will have a separate Swiss listing.
(Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Brenn Hughes Neghaiwi)
AggregateIQ says it helps customers craft messages for online political ads, use data for campaigns
The co-founders of a B.C. company at the centre of the international scandal over the alleged inappropriate use of Facebook data are defending their work in support of political campaigns around the globe.
Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Jeff Silvester of the B.C.-based political advertising firm AggregateIQ says the company helps its customers craft their messages for online political ads and how to effectively make use of data for their campaigns.
But Silvester, the firm's chief operating officer, insists AggregateIQ does not harvest data and only uses what it is provided — nor does it undertake any kind of voter profiling, including psychographic profiling.
He says the company's work differs little from what political campaigns in Canada do to promote a candidate or a party, such as putting up lawn signs, sending volunteers to knock on doors and making phone calls.
The Victoria firm has been suspended by Facebook and is under investigation by privacy commissioners in Ottawa, B.C. and the United Kingdom for its role in a controversy that allegedly involved a breach of millions of users' private information to help the “Leave” side win the U.K.'s 2016 Brexit referendum.
READ MORE: B.C., federal privacy watchdogs to probe possible privacy breaches at Aggregate IQ, Facebook
READ MORE: Victoria firm tied to Facebook scandal got $100K from feds in 2017
AggregateIQ has also been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm accused of improperly accessing the private Facebook data to help the Leave campaign in Brexit as well as Donald Trump's winning 2016 U.S. presidential bid.
In his testimony Tuesday, Silvester said AggregateIQ has always complied with laws in Canada and abroad. He also disputed allegations raised by Canadian data expert and whistle-blower Christopher Wylie, saying AggregateIQ has never been part of Cambridge Analytica nor its parent company, SCL.
“We are not data harvesters by any stretch of the imagination and, certainly, we don't do psychographic profiling or profiling of any other type,” he told the committee on access to information, privacy and ethics, which is holding hearings this month on the data breach involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica.
“We're not psychologists, we're tech guys.”
Efforts by volunteers and political candidates themselves to persuade voters are no different from the work of AggregateIQ, he added.
“The ads that we show — it's the digital equivalent of an ad on someone's lawn or on a street corner,” he said.
“You choose where you want it go, you put your message on there and people drive by and see it. And it's the same for the internet and same with going door to door and the same with making phone calls.”
Facebook estimates the personal information of 622,161 users in Canada — and nearly 87 million worldwide — was improperly accessed by Cambridge Analytica.
The Canadian Press
March 29 QubicGames SA:
* As a part of its revised 2017-2018 strategy, the company to produce premium games for PC/MAC, Sony PS4, Microsoft Xbox One and Nintendo Switch
* It also plans to set up a capital group
* Plans to set up a company named AdoptMyGame SA on the eve of Q2 and Q3
* Plans to set up a company named QubicMobile on the eve of Q2 and Q3 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
WELLINGTON New Zealand moved within reach of a series-levelling win in the third and final test in Hamilton on Tuesday after South Africa's batsmen crashed to 80 for five in their second innings at the close of day four.
Proteas captain Faf du Plessis and wicketkeeper Quinton de Kock were each 15 not out and tasked with the rescue job, their side still 95 runs behind New Zealand's first innings of 489 at Seddon Park.
South Africa lead the series 1-0 after an eight-wicket victory in the second match in Wellington.
The Proteas' middle and lower order have proved difficult to dislodge throughout the series but their top order again failed to provide a foundation.
After Dean Elgar chased a swinging delivery from Colin de Grandhomme and was caught by wicketkeeper BJ Watling, it was a steady stream of specialist batsmen back to the pavilion.
Theunis de Bruyn was run out in comical circumstances when he and Hashim Amla collided attempting a single, while Amla attempted to cut a Jeetan Patel delivery only for the ball to rebound off Watling's gloves to de Grandhomme at first slip.
JP Duminy then failed to play at a Patel arm ball and was bowled before Temba Bavuma completed the misery for the top six when he played a loose stroke to a Matt Henry delivery and was caught by Watling to leave the visitors 59 for five.
The hosts were dismissed for 489 before tea, giving them a 175-run lead. De Grandhomme was the last man out for 57 -- his maiden test half century.
De Grandhomme had joined Watling after lunch following Mitchell Santner's dismissal for 41 in the final over before the break.
The situation was tailor-made for the fast-scoring right hander, with New Zealand having struggled against a tight South Africa attack in the first session.
Watling and Henry both fell while trying to attack left-arm spinner Keshav Maharaj before Patel was bounced out by Kagiso Rabada with the third new ball.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Ian Ransom/Peter Rutherford)
REFILE-BRIEF-Fangda Jinhua Chemical Technology scraps acquisition, to invest in two tech firms
* Says it signs framework agreements to buy stakes in two tech firms for a combined up to 1.1 billion yuan ($161.87 million)
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
May 3 Therapix Biosciences Ltd:
* Therapix Biosciences announces the appointment of Josh Blacher as chief financial officer
* Prior to joining Therapix, Blacher served as Chief Financial Officer at Galmed Pharmaceuticals Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
DUBAI, April 10 Escalation of geopolitical risk in the Middle East may keep foreign funds away from stock markets there on Monday.
At least 44 people were killed in Egypt in bomb attacks on Palm Sunday, prompting anger and fear among Christians and leading to troop deployments and the declaration of a three-month state of emergency.
Egypt's index fell 1.6 percent on Sunday in reaction to the attacks, with most of the stocks favoured by foreign funds exiting positions.
That trend will likely extend on Monday as the majority of foreign portfolio managers - who were on their weekend break on Sunday - may turn net sellers.
Elsewhere in the region, top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump also differed on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell for a third consecutive session as geopolitical uncertainty heightened. With Brent crude futures, however, trading slightly up at $55.34 per barrel and heading back towards a five-week peak touched on Friday, shares of petrochemical producers in Saudi Arabia - which make up roughly one-fifth of the total market cap of the index - may outperform, lending some support to that index.
(Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
* Dismissal designed to reassure clients before bankruptcy
* Roderick was driving force behind Toshiba's nuclear ambition
* Toshiba probing inappropriate pressure by Westinghouse execs (Adds comment by Westinghouse, further details about executive)
By Makiko Yamazaki
TOKYO, April 5 Toshiba Corp sacked Westinghouse Electric Co's chairman two days before the U.S. nuclear engineering subsidiary filed for bankruptcy protection last week, as the Japanese firm tries to draw a line under the travails of a business that has cost it billions of dollars.
A spokesman for Toshiba said Danny Roderick was replaced as Westinghouse's chairman by Mamoru Hatazawa, chief of Toshiba's nuclear division, on March 27, two days before the Chapter 11 filing. Hatazawa's role would be temporary, he added.
Roderick, described by industry and company insiders as more salesman than engineer, was the driving force behind Toshiba's nuclear ambitions.
Toshiba said the executive change, only the second to be made at the top level since the Westinghouse crisis began to unfold in December, was intended to reassure clients in advance of the bankruptcy filing. Shigenori Shiga, a former Westinghouse boss, resigned as Toshiba's chairman earlier this year.
Calls to Roderick seeking comment went unanswered.
A source familiar with the matter said Jeffrey Benjamin, responsible for delivering on new power plant projects had also left. Benjamin did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Benjamin, a veteran nuclear engineer, was appointed in 2013. According to the Westinghouse website, new projects now fall under David Durham, a former GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy executive, who joined Westinghouse in 2015.
A spokeswoman for Westinghouse said the decision to remove Roderick had come from Toshiba. "The action was completed by Toshiba in their role as parent company," she said, declining to comment on other executive departures.
Roderick joined Pittsburgh-based Westinghouse as chief executive from a nuclear joint venture of General Electric Co and Hitachi Ltd. He took up his role in September 2012, a year after Japan's Fukushima disaster hit the industry.
In 2016 he took the helm of Toshiba's entire energy business, as the group restructured following an accounting scandal in 2015.
He was moved back to managing just Westinghouse when Shiga resigned as Toshiba's chairman earlier this year as the crisis spread.
In an interview with Reuters in 2015 Roderick said he was "pretty confident" in achieving Westinghouse's goal of winning orders to construct 64 nuclear reactors worldwide over the next 15 years. At the time the industry was still struggling to recover from the impact of Fukushima.
But billions of dollars of cost overruns at four reactors under construction in the U.S. southeast pushed Westinghouse into bankruptcy and resulted in a near-crippling net loss of $9 billion at Toshiba.
At the heart of the failure was Westinghouse's troubled purchase of a U.S. nuclear power plant construction company from Chicago Bridge & Iron Co NV in late 2015, during Roderick's tenure.
Toshiba is investigating whether executives sought to influence accounting practices in connection with that deal.
Toshiba has twice been forced to delay its October-December earnings report, in part to continue that investigation.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques and Greg Mahlich)
GRAND RAPIDS (AP) - A Grand Rapids woman has been sentenced to 30 years in prison for her role in the decapitation of a Hibbing man.
The 23-year-woman pleaded guilty to second-degree murder. She's accused of helping Joseph Thoresen assault and kill 20-year-old David Haiman after telling Thoresen that Haiman had sexually assaulted her. The Associated Press generally doesn't name people who say they're victims of sexual abuse.
Thoresen was sentenced to life in prison after the woman testified against him in the June 2016 slaying. Authorities say the woman was in Haiman's car near Ball Club when Thoresen and Haiman got out and Thoresen hit Haiman with a baseball bat, stabbed him and beheaded him with a machete.
(Repeats from May 2, no change to text)
By Mitch Phillips
LONDON May 3 This weekend, aided by a host of technological and environmental advances, three carefully-selected elite African athletes will attempt to run the first sub-two hour marathon.
The 'Breaking2' project is the latest enterprise of American sportswear giant Nike and has split opinion in the world of athletics, not to mention physiology.
In one camp are the 'purists', who claim that the host of benefits being bestowed on the runners, including revolutionary shoes, a pack of interchangeable pacemakers and a non-traditional course, mean the attempt is a marketing gimmick.
In some ways this is possibly the worst time to start shouting about fast marathon times with Kenya's Rio Olympic and London marathon champion Jemima Sumgong's recent positive doping test landing a body blow to the event.
Nike, and others, however, insist projects like 'Breaking 2' show that a combination of talent, training and technology can produce astounding results without the need for chemical assistance.
Many people are intrigued to see just how much difference such a collection of 'marginal gains' can make and suggest that, at a time when athletics is reeling from relentless bad news, such a quantum leap in human endurance, arguably the greatest in the sport's history, is something to be welcomed and celebrated. Below we look at the key aspects of the project.
The current record and its progression
Kenyan Dennis Kimetto set the current record of two hours, two minutes, 57 seconds in Berlin in 2014, which is about four minutes faster than it was in 1988.
Kimetto's time works out to 4:41.5 minutes per mile; a sub-two would require less than 4:35 per mile – an improvement of about seven seconds per mile, or around 2.5 percent.
On the face of it, that appears an impossible leap.
In 2014 the respected Runners World magazine published a data-driven analysis of more than 10,000 top marathon performances over 50 years that predicted a sub-two under normal race conditions would not happen until 2075.
The key to this attempt is that Nike are trying to ensure all the other variables make such an impact that, in theory, the athletes will produce effort levels that equate to a 2.03 time but, boosted by all the extra help, will actually produce sub-2.
Maybe the fastest-ever, but not a world record
The course will be ratified by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) and the athletes will satisfy all the usual anti-doping requirements, but the attempt will not be an officially sanctioned world record due to a host of variables, detailed below.
Who is running?
After extensive physiological research, Nike put together a team of three.
Eliud Kipchoge. The 32-year-old Kenyan is the stand-out performer. Last year's Olympic marathon gold medallist and former 5,000 metres world champion has won seven of his eight marathons. His best of 2:03:05 is the third-fastest in history.
Zersenay Tadese. The Eritrean is the half-marathon world record holder with 58:23 minutes and, although he has nothing much in his locker over the full distance, Nike's scientists identified him as having the potential to go much faster.
Lelisa Desisa. The 26-year-old Ethiopian has a marathon best of 2:04.45 and is another athlete whose numbers in the area of VO2 max, which measures the maximum rate of oxygen consumption, lactate profile, which provides an indicator of fatigue during exercise, and running economy were second to none.
The shoes
The 200 gramme Zoom Vaporfly Elite are central to the whole project. Nike says the combination of a new foam and curved carbon insert, which also helps change the angle of the foot, means runners require four percent less energy to go at the same speed in comparison with their previous best shoe.
The shoes have been further custom-fitted for the three athletes – which should help prevent a repeat of the blisters that scuppered Ethiopian Keninisa Bekele's London Marathon bid in similar Vaporfly 4% shoes.
A recent meeting of the IAAF technical committee ruled the shoes and their technology to be within their, admittedly vague, rules – though the Elite version will not be available for the public to buy.
The kit
Nike is also kitting their intrepid trio out in new socks, shorts and singlet, all of which are claimed to offer an advantage in terms of aerodynamics and/or ventilation and support. Again, many scoff at the idea but they also did that nearly 50 years ago when Briton Ron Hill broke the marathon record aided by a self-designed 'cooling' string vest.
The course
The sub-2 attempt will be run on about 17 laps of a 1.5 mile (2.4km)) loop that forms part of the Monza F1 track in northern Italy. After extensive research it was selected due to a combination of environmental factors, including average temperature, air pressure and wind levels. The surface, with no kerbs or cambers, was also considered optimal.
The course satisfies the rules on elevation that, for example, rule out records set on the overall downhill route of the Boston Marathon.
One area where the Monza track could give a tangible advantage is that the athletes will run exactly the marathon distance. Even on the fastest road courses, the fact that the 'blue line' has to follow curves and is marked a minimum distance from the kerb means that runners often actually cover many more metres than the 26 miles, 385 yards that has been the standard since the 1908 Olympics.
Pacemakers/drafting
This is another area where quantifiable benefits can be seen – and is the one that seems to have turned many people against the attempt.
The three runners will be sheltered throughout the attempt by a group of pacemakers, who will dip in and out at various times to ensure they maintain the demanded pace. Similar packs are used at big city marathons, with the only real difference being that they have to start the race together.
Such a controversy is not new. Roger Bannister's sub-four minute mile was achieved with the aid of two pacemakers, while IAAF head Seb Coe's golden run of world records in the early 1980s, and dozens more since, have all been set that way.
An indication of how having pacemakers for the entire distance can help is the women's world record. Radcliffe set her 2.15.25 while being shielded by male runners throughout in the London Marathon of 2003. Nobody has got remotely close to it since and, as a result, there are now two official women's world records. The Briton's 2.15.25 and another set in 'women-only' races. Radcliffe's mark under those rules being beaten by Mary Ketainy's 2.17.01 at London last month.
Mobile drinks
Nike organised a practice event at Monza in March, where the athletes ingested core-temperature pills and used taped-on muscle oxygen and skin-temperature sensors.
The runners followed a car with a large clock on the back showing elapsed time, splits, and projected finish time.
They were also served drinks 'on the move' via a moped, avoiding the need to slow and lose rhythm at traditional drinks stations - another innovation the IAAF have concerns about.
Is anyone else chasing sub-two?
The last four world record holders - Kimetto, Wilson Kipsang, Patrick Makau and Haile Gebrselassie - have been sponsored by Nike's great rival adidas and the German company is also running its own 'Sub2' project, complete with a new shoe of the same name. “Our Sub2 focus will continue to be led by innovation that helps to achieve new speeds in race environments, with more to come later this year,” adidas said.
In 2014, Yannis Pitsiladis, a professor of sports and exercise science at the University of Brighton in Britain, launched another Sub2Hr Project with an initial goal of breaking the barrier within five years, but his independent project appears to have stalled as he struggles to raise the $30 million he estimates will be needed over the five-year period. (Editing by Ken Ferris)
A professional cave diver who has been part of the rescue operation of the football team in Thailand says the dive is one of the most dangerous he's ever experienced.
Ben Reymenants described the cave network as a labyrinth of small passages and says the dive is one of his top three most dangerous.
“This would be my top three most dangerous dives that I've done,” he told 1 NEWS.
“Some of the passages are about 8cm in diameter, you can't go through with conventional scuba gear, you have to take off your gear, push through, dig a little bit and zero visibility, feeling your way until you're past the passage.
“It's 2.5km in so every dive is roughly four hours when you're away from the nearest breathing gap. And that comes after a two-hour climb and wrestle with all the gear.”
“We were looking for a few days for a T junction, which we couldn't find, there are a lot of dead ends there, it's a big labyrinth, it's 9km long. There was an old French map, 30 years old, that seemed to be quite accurate.”
“There's a British dry cave geologist that told us 'listen, you have to go there, drop down, otherwise you won't find it, go left.''
Mr Reymenants said he would never have gone so deep unless it was to save people.
“I'm usually called for the bodies, never for live people, to recover from wrecks or caves, 12 kids with their whole lives in front of them, it puts a bit of pressure,” he said.
Because of the difficulty of the dive, medical experts have advised against the 12 schoolboys and their coach diving out.
“When they came back out, they said right, this is a bit beyond these kids' capacities,” Mr Reymenants said.
"Teaching someone to dive, in tropical shallow waters, that's quite easy but this is pitch black, bad visibility, cave, like I said, small tunnels."
The last thing you want is a panicking diver in a cave, they would not survive that."
For now, Mr Reymenants says the boys are safe, with hope remaining they can be floated out with favourable weather.
“This room, it stays dry the entire monsoon, so fortunately safe, but yes how safe can you keep a kid in a dark room for three months?”
“If the water drops another two metres they can probably float them out with life jackets and there's only one or two places they'd have to make a little dip dive or, the kids actually claim they heard birds and chickens nearby.”
Mr Reymenants says the operation is huge, with 5000 people on site and teams working to lay cables down to the team.
“We're not allowed to film inside but it's a huge operation, there are American, Australian teams,” he said.
April 28 Henry Morgan Ltd
* refers to previous market announcements regarding jb financial group ltd
* JB Financial Group has today advised that it has completed successful acquisition of alpha equities & futures limited
* it is intended that alphabroking will merge with jb financial group's wholly owned subsidiary, jb markets pty ltd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $39 million for FY17, down $4.2 million on prior guidance​
March 31 Net 1 Ueps Technologies Inc
* Cos' South African unit has signed an addendum to its contract with South African Social Security Agency
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - addendum extends existing contract for a period of 12 months to March 31, 2018
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - addendum also includes specific terms as ordered by constitutional court of South Africa in its March 17, 2017, ruling Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A Union Jack flag flutters next to European Union flags ahead of a visit from Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium February 16, 2016. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File photo
BRUSSELS European Union leaders will pledge on Wednesday to stand united in "constructive" talks with Britain on its exit from the EU to reduce uncertainty for citizens and businesses, a draft document showed just hours before London's formal notification to quit.
The draft does not mention the possibility that the two sides will fail to reach an agreement by the end of the two-year period envisaged by EU law. This removed a remark from an earlier version that the EU would be ready for a "no deal" option though it did not desire it.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
FILE PHOTO: Recording artist Barry Manilow performs during his ''One Last Time! Tour'' at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California April 14, 2015. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
NEW YORK Barry Manilow has spoken publicly for the first time about being gay, saying he feared he would disappoint his mostly female fan base had he come out decades ago.
The "Can't Smile Without You" singer, now 73, talked with People magazine and Entertainment Tonight about his previously secret, almost 40-year romance with husband Garry Kief.
"I thought I would be disappointing them (fans) if they knew I was gay. So I never did anything," Manilow told People in an interview released on Wednesday.
New York-born Manilow and his manager Kief had been together for years before marrying quietly in Palm Springs, California, in 2014. A year later his close friend, actress Suzanne Somers, revealed the marriage on a TV talk show, but Manilow never confirmed or commented on it.
"When they found out that Garry and I were together, they (the fans) were so happy. The reaction was beautiful - strangers commenting 'Great for you!' I'm just so grateful for it," the singer told People.
Manilow said he met Kief in 1978, just a few years after he skyrocketed to fame with romantic ballads like "Mandy" and "Looks Like We Made It".
Manilow told TV show "Entertainment Tonight" he had never planned to make his relationship with Kief public.
"We've been together all these years. Everybody knows that we're a team. Everybody that I know knows. So it never really dawned on me to say anything about it. I mean, I'm a very private guy," he said.
However, after Somers spoke of their marriage two years ago, Manilow said he has "not read one negative response."
Manilow gave the interviews while promoting his upcoming album "This Is My Town: Songs of New York" and a limited series of U.S. concerts.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
NEW YORK A U.S. government weather forecaster on Thursday projected the possibility of closely-watched El Niño phenomenon developing in the Northern Hemisphere late summer or fall.
The Climate Prediction Center (CPC), an agency of the National Weather Service, in its monthly forecast said neutral conditions are favored to continue through at least the spring, with increasing chances of El Niño developing toward the second half of 2017. It pegged those chances at 50 percent from August through December.
The last El Niño, a warming of ocean surface temperatures in the eastern and central Pacific that typically occurs every few years, went away in 2016 and was linked to crop damage, fires and flash floods.
(Reporting by Chris Prentice; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Bernard Orr)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
May 3 Kindred Healthcare Inc:
* Kindred Healthcare reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 GAAP core earnings per share $0.04 from continuing operations
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.07 from continuing operations
* Q1 revenue $1.77 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.78 billion
* Sees Q2 2017 core earnings per share about $0.10 to $0.20 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.04 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms 2017 guidance for annual revenues of $7.2 billion, with a range of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion
* Says for 2018, reaffirms annual revenues of approximately $6.3 billion, core diluted EPS from continuing operations of approximately $0.80
* Reaffirms 2017 guidance for core EBITDAR of $930 million, with a range of $910 million to $950 million
* Says for 2018 reaffirms core EBITDAR of approximately $840 million
* Says outlook estimates assume that Kindred completes its skilled nursing facilities exit prior to start of 2018
* Reaffirms 2017 guidance for core diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.55, with a range of $0.40 to $0.70 per share
* For Q2 of 2017, Kindred expects core EBITDAR of approximately $225 million to $240 million
* FY2017 earnings per share view $0.51, revenue view $7.16 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.19 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2018 earnings per share view $0.80 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly. The “Now or Never” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration's Global Gag Rule and support the Global HER Act.
Related: Halsey Interview: I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR, Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world. Trump's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services.
Halsey has already been vocal online about women's rights, but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey.
Watch the full video here.
Computed tomography market analysis says it's an imaging procedure that uses special X-ray equipment to create detailed pictures, or scans, of areas inside the body. It is also called as CT tomography and computerized axial tomography (CAT).
In the computed tomography market analysis, addition to its use in cancer, CT scan machine is widely used to help diagnose circulatory system diseases and conditions, such as coronary artery diseases , blood vessel aneurysms, and blood clots spinal conditions, kidney and bladder stones, abscesses, inflammatory diseases, such as ulcerative colitis and sinusitis, and injuries to the head, skeletal system and internal organs. CT can be a lifesaving tools for diagnosing illness and injury in both children and adults.
Get Sample Report @ http://www.industryarc.com/pdfdownload.php?id=15564
Scope & Regional Forecast of the Computed Tomography Market Analysis
The most modern computed tomography scan machines take continuous pictures in a helical fashion rather than taking a series of pictures of individual's slices of the body. As the original CT machines did. Helical CT has a number of advantages over older CT techniques. It is much faster; producer's better 3D pictures of regions inside the body, and this may detect small irregularities better. The newest CT scanners, called multi-slice CT multi-detector CT machine, allow more slices to be imaged in a shorter period of time.
North America, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Europe along with the rest of the world are playing an important role in terms of adoption and economic development. Increase in the prevalence of cardiovascular diseases, orthopedic disorders and cancer, growing the popularity in CT scan diagnosis centers and increase demand for high quality of health care delivery. The statistics of the present Computed tomography market analysis states a continuous technological advance and growing awareness amongst everyone is the vital driving factor. There's estimation that CT scanner technology is expected to reach nearly $5.1 billion by the end of 2017.
Segmentations & Key Players Involved in the Computed Tomography Market Analysis
According to IndustryARC findings, the Computed Tomography Market Analysis can be broken down into various segmentations on the basis of –
Application: Cardiovascular, Oncology, Neurovascular, Abdomen and Pelvic, Pulmonary Angiogram, Spinal, Musculoskeletal and Others
End Users: Multispeciality Hospitals, Diagnostic Centers, Research Organizations, Industries (for 3D representation of components)
CT Scanners: Spiral CT, Electron beam tomography (EBT) and Multislice Computed Tomography (MSCT)
Slice Level: Low Slice (64)
Geography: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific , Latin America and Rest of the World
Some of the key players involved in the Computed Tomography Market Analysis according to IndustryARC are as follows:
GE Health Care
Siemens Health Care
Toshiba Medical System Corporation
Philips Health Care
Hitachi Medical Corp
Neusoft Medicals
Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.industryarc.com/pdfdownload.php?id=15564
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital after a two-car crash on a Midlands motorway.
The accident involving a BMW and a second car took place shortly before 7pm on Thursday (October 5) close to the southbound Weeford toll plaza.
West Midlands Ambulance Service sent an ambulance and a paramedic officer to the scene.
The driver of one vehicle, a man in his 30s, suffered back, neck and wrist pain and was treated at the scene. He was immobilised and taken to Good Hope Hospital.
The second driver also a man in his 30s was assessed and then discharged at the scene.
(Image: Mark Hayes @999flymo)
The accident caused traffic delays between Junction 4 of the toll road, Weeford Junction, the A38 and A5 and Junction 3, Langley Mill for Sutton Coldfield.
The ambulance crew left the scene at 8.09pm.
ST PETERSBURG, Russia A loud bang heard on Thursday in a St Petersburg residential building was caused by renovation works and no one has been injured, rescue workers and local city administration told Reuters.
The explosion happened close to the site in St Petersburg where explosives were found earlier in the day, Reuters witnesses said.
A vehicle was damaged by falling masonry, news agency RIA earlier reported, citing a source in Russia's emergencies ministry.
(Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya and Vladimir Soldatkin, writing by Sujata Rao)
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By John Geddie
LONDON, March 28 Short-dated German bond yields touched two-month highs on Tuesday as the country prepared to sell two-year debt at auction.
Analysts said the higher yields should help demand especially with tensions easing over the possibility of near-term interest rate hikes from the European Central Bank.
Yields tend to rise ahead of bond sales as investors make room in their portfolios for the new supply.
Results of the auction of four billion euros of bonds is expected around 1030 GMT.
Yields on Germany's two-year debt have risen more than 20 basis points over the last month as investors have started to price in the chance that the ECB may raise rates as soon as December as it winds back its monetary stimulus.
But the central bank's chief economist and a key ally of President Mario Draghi, Peter Praet, warned on Monday that a rebound in the bloc's inflation could stall or even reverse if the ECB removed stimulus too early.
"There seems to be a bit of a realisation that the market had got ahead of itself in pricing in rate hikes at least for this year," Mizuho strategist Antoine Bouvet said.
"So there is an expectation that part of that yield rise we have seen recently should be revered and that should help demand at the auction."
Money markets rates suggest investors see less than a 70 percent chance of a rate rise at the ECB's December meeting, down from as high as 80 percent earlier this month.
Bouvet added that a shortage in the debt caused by the ECB's bond-buying quantitative easing scheme and demand for so-called risk-free assets ahead of month-end accounting procedures also meant the auction should go well.
Two-year yields climbed nearly two basis points to hit minus 0.685 percent, the highest since February 2.
Longer-term equivalents held above multi-week lows struck Monday after a legislative defeat for U.S. President Donald Trump on healthcare reforms raised questions about his ability to push through pro-growth fiscal measures.
German 10-year bond yields were little changed on Tuesday at 0.40 percent, but above three-week lows of 0.36 percent seen in the previous session.
Other euro zone 10-year yields were slightly lower on the day but above lows struck Monday.
Investors are also keeping an ear out for three ECB Governing Council members due to speak on Tuesday - Benoit Coeure, Ignazio Visco and Jozef Makuch. The ECB is next scheduled to meet on April 27.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
April 2Orient Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 1.50 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* It will pay A share shareholder in RMB and H share shareholders in HK dollar
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ZnaSVN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 12 London copper eased to a two-week low on Wednesday as traders cut risk amid rising geopolitical tensions with North Korea and ahead of Easter holiday. Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a peaceful resolution of rising tensions on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group steams towards the region. The tensions dented risk appetite in Asia, with gold at five-month highs and yields on top-rated sovereign bonds at their lowest for the year so far. With Easter holidays approaching, the news only encouraged investors to cut positions, analysts said. "We are starting to see some price erosion start to set in over various metals, with the complex's recent high-fliers – copper and zinc – being the most wobbly," Ed Meir of INTL FC Stone said in a report. Producers of a number of metals are ramping up output due to the recent higher prices, while the market is still awaiting an expected seasonal pick-up in demand, he noted. * LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper was down 1 percent at $5,711.50 a tonne by 0713 GMT, after ending a tad firmer on Tuesday. Earlier in the session, it slumped to $5,698 a tonne, a two-week low. * The LME will be closed on Friday and Monday. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper fell by 1.3 percent to 46,230 yuan ($6,704) a tonne. ShFE zinc and nickel remained under pressure, down 1.6 percent and 4 percent respectively, tracking weakness in China's steel sector. * CHINA INFLATION: China's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled, pressured by fears that Chinese steel output is outweighing demand and threatening a glut of the metal. * CHINA PROPERTY: At least 12 major Chinese cities are requiring newly bought homes to be held for at least two to three years before they can be sold, the first time cities in the country are taking such measures and suggesting intensified efforts to cool the red-hot property market. * SOUTHERN COPPER: Union representatives and executives from miner Southern Copper in Peru failed to reach an agreement to end an indefinite strike after a long meeting on Monday night, the union said on Tuesday. * ZINC: Expected shortages of zinc, a metal often favoured by speculators, may not materialise this year because recent price gains have spurred miners around the world to increase output. BASE METALS PRICES 0715 GMT Three month LME 5713 copper Most active ShFE 46210 copper Three month LME 1923.5 aluminium Most active ShFE 3 aluminium Three month LME zinc 2579 Most active ShFE zinc 21270 Three month LME lead 2237 Most active ShFE lead 1 Three month LME 9765 nickel Most active ShFE 78 nickel Three month LME tin 19875 Most active ShFE tin 15 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 295.14 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1439.61 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 191.11 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -2130.47 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 2096 ($1 = 6.8956 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Tom Hogue and Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Methamphetamine was found in the offending vehicle that killed three people in a crash last month.
Police have told Stuff that methamphetamine, consistent with personal use, was found in the ute driven by Haydn David Clark, 20, who crashed killing himself and a married couple near the Thames on April 19.
The Drury man crossed the centre line and collided with a car in which Jocelyn Anne Fielder, 64, and her husband Ian, 66, were travelling, near the Kopu Bridge on State Highway 25.
Initial indications indicate that Haydn Clark was culpable for the crash but police were continuing to investigate the circumstances. Photo / Supplied
Clark's father Jim, 54, was critically injured but has since been discharged.
Advertisement
Police said the ute driven by Clark had been reported stolen after an Auckland purchase believed to have gone wrong.
Clark was also on bail for drugs charges, including manufacturing and supply of methamphetamine, and had absconded from his bail address. He was in breach of his 24-hour curfew at the time.
He also had a history of speeding and crashes, and was also on active driving charges including while disqualified third and subsequent, failing to stop for police and dangerous driving.
He was prohibited from driving and banned from associating with his father.
Anne Fielder and her husband Ian were returning home from a regular Thursday night with friends when they were killed in the crash. Photo / Supplied
Eastern Waikato Police investigations manager, Detective Senior Sergeant Stephen Ambler told Stuff that initial indications suggested Clark caused the crash but investigations were ongoing.
"This is a really serious crash where three people have died. We need to do our very best to make sure both victim's families knows why and how this happened."
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
May 4 Kathmandu Holdings Ltd
* Total group sales for the 13 weeks 30 January to 30 April up 11.9% yoy at constant exchange rates
* Q3 same store sales for the same period up 11.5% yoy at constant exchange rates Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday that a Brexit transition period will be agreed with the European Union in the next seven weeks as she tries to ease concerns that a deal could take longer to reach.
“In seven weeks time, we will have an agreement with the European Union, that is the timetable they have said on an implementation period,” May told the BBC in an interview.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
(Reuters Health) - Women who have had bariatric surgery are six times more likely to need abdominal surgery during pregnancy compared to obese pregnant women who haven't had a prior weight loss surgery, a recent study in Sweden suggests.
The most common reason for the abdominal surgeries was intestinal obstruction, a complication that affects 2 percent of all Swedish bariatric surgery patients, the authors note in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Past research has found that bariatric surgery, such as gastric bypass, gastric banding and gastroplasty, is associated with increased risks during pregnancy of premature labor, cesarean delivery and delivering a baby that is small for gestational age.
Women may want to weigh the added risk of needing abdominal surgery during pregnancy when considering whether to wait until they have finished childbearing before having bariatric surgery, the study team writes.
Lead author Dr. Andrea Stuart, who specializes in obstetrics and gynecology at Central Hospital in Helsingborg, Sweden, told Reuters Health that she noticed some pregnant patients with previous gastric bypass surgery had clinical problems.
"They often presented with abdominal pain, and as intestinal obstruction could not be ruled out, they underwent abdominal surgery with a premature cesarean section," Stuart said by email.
Stuart and a colleague decided to study how bariatric surgery affected the risk of abdominal surgery during pregnancy by analyzing data from the Swedish National Patient Registry and the Swedish Medical Birth Registry for 1987 through 2011.
The researchers identified about 2,500 women who had undergone weight loss surgeries, usually gastric bypass, before giving birth, including about 1,200 first-time pregnancies, and compared them to more than 21,000 women who had a body mass index (BMI) in the obese range at the beginning of their pregnancies but no history of bariatric surgery.
The study team found that about 1.5 percent of pregnant women with a history of bariatric surgery also had abdominal surgery during their pregnancy due to intestinal obstruction, compared to 0.02 percent of women who did not have bariatric surgery.
Intestinal obstruction during pregnancy is potentially life-threatening for the mother and about 17 percent of fetuses die as a result, the study team writes. Pregnancy may increase the risk because of the extra pressure and organ displacement caused by the enlarged uterus.
An additional 1.5 percent of the pregnant women with prior bariatric surgery underwent surgical diagnostic procedures without finding any diagnosis, compared to 0.1 percent of pregnant women without prior bariatric surgery.
Many factors influence whether or not obese women should have bariatric surgery first or after childbearing, so there is no black or white answer, Stuart said. ”The factors include, the age of the women, duration of infertility, previous pregnancies, previous abdominal surgery, etc.”
However, it's important to note that obesity also raises risk factors for various problems during pregnancy. ”The maternal complications include gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and a higher risk of cesarean section,” Stuart said.
The fetal complications are, fetal miscarriage, malformations, high birth weight, cerebral palsy, asphyxia and death, she added.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2p8XNEo Obstetrics and Gynecology, online April 4, 2017.
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
* EM currencies in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
By Jamie McGeever
LONDON, March 29 On the face of it, the first quarter of the year followed the 'risk on' script.
U.S. stocks surged to new highs, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates, high yield debt rallied yet again and Wall Street volatility slumped to its lowest in a decade.
But that masks a palpable deterioration in sentiment and sharp market turnaround in recent weeks, so much so that the best two performing asset classes in the quarter, according to a Reuters checklist, were at the opposing ends of the risk spectrum - emerging market equities and gold.
The first half of Q1 continued from where Q4 last year left off. Investors piled into riskier, high-yielding assets at the expense of safe-haven bonds on the view that Donald Trump's election victory would propel U.S. growth and markets higher.
But that optimism has evaporated. The dollar slid from a 14-year high in January to a four-month low on Monday, safe-haven gold had its best quarter in a year and oil fell 12 percent, its worst quarter since the end of 2015.
The turnaround is encapsulated in the performance of U.S. financial stocks. They soared 30 percent in Q4, much of that following the U.S. election on Nov. 8 in the hope that new president Donald Trump would slash taxes and bank regulation.
The steepening yield curve - a widening gap between longer term and shorter term yields - helped boost them too. But the curve has since flattened on growing doubts about the Federal Reserve's ability to embark on a sustained path of rate hikes. U.S. financials are ending the quarter flat.
GRAPHICS:
Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
EM currencies in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
What's more, asset correlations have started to break down, most notably in the dollar's inverse relationship with commodities. Normally, a rising dollar means lower commodity prices, and vice versa. But both have fallen in recent weeks.
Analysts are now wondering if the "Trumpflation" trade has come to a premature end. U.S. stocks are the most overvalued in 17 years, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch fund manager survey.
Or is this just a pause before the next leg higher?
"Perceived delays to U.S. tax reform and fiscal stimulus have led to underperformance of 'Trump' trades and have generated a short-term top in yields and equity prices," Citi strategists and economists said in a note to clients on Monday.
"We can see this extending .. (but) we doubt this is an end of cycle moment, since monetary policy remains supportive. Hence we would be inclined to buy a dip in risk assets and sell a further rally in fixed income if this transpires," they added.
Mirroring what appears to be the broad consensus, Citi remains overweight in equities and cash, underweight in government bonds and neutral in credit and commodities.
(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Graphics by Vikram Subhedar and London markets team; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
(Changes headline to reflect Sunday's trading activity)
DUBAI, April 2 Stock markets in the Gulf moved sideways in thin volumes early on Sunday, while shares of the newly formed lender in Abu Dhabi, First Abu Dhabi Bank, outperformed a day after the legal completion of the merger.
Dubai's index was down 0.2 percent in thin trade with the majority of trade focused on second the third tier stocks. GFH Financial Group was down 1.2 percent.
But number of advancing shares outnumbered declining ones 14 to 11. Islamic Arab Insurance was up 3.6 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, the index was up 0.4 percent, buoyed by a 4.4 percent jump in shares of oil explorer and power supplier Abu Dhabi National Energy. Shares of the company are still down 7.6 percent since the start of the year.
On Thursday TAQA had reported a full-year loss of 18.55 billion dirhams ($5.05 billion) for 2016. The net loss was largely fuelled by a 16.9 billion dirham post-tax impairment and because of lower oil prices.
Shares of First Abu Dhabi Bank - the new name of the newly merged National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank - were up 2.0 percent in their first 90 minutes of trade as a new entity. Shares of First Gulf Bank have been delisted.
In Saudi Arabia, the share index was up 0.2 percent in the first 45 minutes of trade as most petrochemical producers rose. Petro Rabigh was up 1.2 percent.
Saudi Industrial Investment Group, however, was down 1.0 after the company said its Saudi Chevron Phillips project would undergo 35 days of maintenance from April 1. The financial impact will be reflected in the second quarter results.
Shares of Saudi real-estate developer Jabal Omar rose 1.5 percent after the company said that one of its Mecca hotels started operations. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Saeed Azhar)
April 10 Beijing Leadman Biochemistry Co Ltd
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 10 percent to increase by 10 percent, or to be 16.2 million yuan to 19.8 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 18 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is strengthened the management of customer credit account, reduced bad debts risk and decreased income
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/9R9L4c
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Bed Bath & Beyond Inc:
* Bed Bath & Beyond Inc reports results for fiscal 2016 fourth quarter and full year
* Q4 earnings per share $1.84
* Q4 same store sales rose 0.4 percent
* Q4 earnings per share view $1.78 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 sales $3.5 billion versus I/B/E/S view $3.51 billion
* Bed Bath & Beyond Inc - Q4 comparable sales increase of approximately 0.4pct
* Bed Bath & Beyond Inc - declared an increase in quarterly dividend to $0.15 per share
* Bed Bath & Beyond - based on planning assumptions, is modeling decline in EPS in percentage range of low-single digits to 10 percent for fiscal 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Leftist presidential candidate Alejandro Guillier poses for the media before meeting with members of the Socialist Party in Santiago, Chile April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
SANTIAGO A leftist senator running for president in Chile's November election is tied in a head-to-head match-up with the right's frontrunner, even as his support has slipped in recent months, a poll released on Thursday showed.
The survey by pollster MORI shows Alejandro Guillier, a leftist former television journalist, winning 33 percent of the vote in a potential runoff, with conservative ex-President Sebastian Pinera taking 32 percent. The remainder of participants did not respond, did not know who they would vote for, or said they would not cast a ballot.
Chile is set to hold the first round of its presidential election on Nov. 19. If no candidate wins more the 50 percent, the top two will face off in a head-to-head matchup scheduled for Dec. 17.
The one-percentage-point difference between the two candidates is within the poll's 3 percentage point margin of error and represents a slight slip for Guillier who had been winning head-to-head by 5 percentage points in December.
Still, it shows Chile's presidential election will likely be competitive, even as the Chilean stock market is beginning to price in a conservative win as Pinera enjoys the support of a unified right and a healthy first-round lead.
A victory for Guillier would likely mean a deepening of the social-democratic reforms initiated by outgoing leftist President Michelle Bachelet, while a Pinera presidency would mean a more free-market approach to governance.
In the first round, the poll showed Pinera taking 26 percent and Guillier taking 14 percent. That represents an improvement for Pinera, who was leading Guillier by just 4 percentage points in the December poll. Pinera also strengthened or established a lead in related questions, such as who respondents believe will be the next president, regardless of their personal preference.
A number of relatively minor hopefuls, such as the hard-left Beatriz Sanchez and populist conservative Manuel Jose Ossandon, have support in the mid-single-digits, according to the poll.
MORI surveyed 1,200 people face-to-face from March 28 to April 10.
(Reporting by Gram Slattery; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
LONDON, March 29 The Turkey stock market spotlight was on Halkbank on Wednesday, with its shares set for their biggest one-day fall after the arrest of the company's deputy CEO, while South African assets weakened further on political concerns.
Halkbank deputy CEO Mehmet Hakan Atilla was arrested in New York, accused of conspiring to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities
Shares in Halkbank dropped 14.3 percent -- the biggest daily fall in percentage terms since it was listed in 2007. The broader Istanbul index lost 1.3 percent and Turkey's banking index shed 2.8 percent.
Halkbank dollar bonds also fell, with issues maturing 2021 and 2020 down by more than 0.7 cent in the dollar, according to Tradeweb data, hitting six-week lows. The 2019 issue slipped by 0.66 cents.
Turkish credit default swaps inched to a one-week high of 240 basis points, IHS Markit said.
"The arrest is undeniably highly contentious, given that Halkbank is a majority state-owned bank," analysts at MUFG Securities said.
South African assets, meanwhile, extended losses as the rand and government bond prices fell for a third straight day. The rand was down 0.7 percent, bringing this week's losses against the dollar to 5 percent after the sudden recall of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan from a London investor roadshow.
This has reignited fears that his long-running power struggle between Gordhan -- seen by investors as a guarantor of fiscal prudence and South Africa's investment grade rating -- and President Jacob Zuma is coming to a head.
"Fair to say that if Zuma manages to successfully remove Gordhan it would produce a seismic and very negative move in South African markets, ratings et al. It would suggest ... a more aggressive and confiscatory black empowerment agenda," said Tim Ash, sovereign strategist at BlueBay Asset Management.
Benchmark government bond yields were just off two-month highs, having shot up 70 basis points this week. Five-year credit default swaps inched to 215 bps, a 2-1/2 month high, according to IHS Markit.
Broader emerging equities were flat and currencies mostly weakened after upbeat U.S. data and hawkish policymaker comments boosted the dollar and Treasury yields.
Hungarian bond yields slipped further after the central bank struck a dovish note in a Wednesday policy meeting at which it tried to squeeze more cash out of short-term deposits. Three-year yields eased 7 bps to 1.23 percent.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 969.22 -1.10 -0.11 +12.40
Czech Rep 984.55 +1.33 +0.14 +6.83
Poland 2234.76 +9.35 +0.42 +14.73
Hungary 32438.63 +144.60 +0.45 +1.36
Romania 7956.14 +2.26 +0.03 +12.29
Greece 665.61 +1.09 +0.16 +3.41
Russia 1122.17 -3.41 -0.30 -2.62
South Africa 45300.13 +84.77 +0.19 +3.18
Turkey 89118.60 -1063.13 -1.18 +14.05
China 3241.31 -11.63 -0.36 +4.44
India 29482.51 +72.99 +0.25 +10.73
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 27.02 27.02 -0.01 -0.06
Poland 4.24 4.24 +0.07 +3.97
Hungary 309.76 309.60 -0.05 -0.30
Romania 4.56 4.55 -0.07 -0.44
Serbia 123.82 123.84 +0.02 -0.38
Russia 56.98 56.99 +0.02 +7.51
Kazakhstan 315.25 315.23 -0.01 +5.84
Ukraine 27.02 27.10 +0.30 -0.07
South Africa 13.05 12.99 -0.49 +5.19
Kenya 102.95 102.90 -0.05 -0.56
Israel 3.62 3.61 -0.27 +6.30
Turkey 3.64 3.66 +0.40 -3.15
China 6.89 6.88 -0.15 +0.79
India 64.91 65.02 +0.17 +4.68
Brazil 3.14 3.14 +0.03 +3.64
Mexico 18.97 19.02 +0.24 +9.18
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 326 3 .03 7 69.47 1
All data taken from Reuters at 08:57 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
(Editing by David Goodman)
A logo of Airbus is pictured on their booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) in Geneva, Switzerland, May 22, 2017.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran is holding talks with European planemaker Airbus (AIR.PA) to buy 48 helicopters for civilian use, an Iranian official was on Saturday quoted as saying, as Iran continues its shopping spree of Western aircraft after the lifting of sanctions.
"The Health Ministry is planning to order 45 HEMS (Helicopter Emergency Medical Service) helicopters and the purchase is being negotiated by the Ministry of Roads and Urban Development," Iran's Financial Tribune daily quoted Deputy Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan as saying.
"Ports and Maritime Organization is also planning to hold a tender to purchase three search-and-rescue helicopters," he added.
An Airbus Helicopters spokesman said: "We don't comment on discussions we may or may not be having with potential customers".
Iran has ordered more than 200 planes since international sanctions against the country were lifted last year in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities.
Flag-carrier IranAir has ordered 100 planes from Airbus, 80 from U.S. rival Boeing (BA.N) and 20 ATR turboprops, but implementing the deals has been hampered by uncertainty over financing.
On Thursday, U.S. President Donald Trump said he did not believe that Iran was living up to the spirit of the 2015 deal to curtail its nuclear weapons programme. But it was not immediately clear whether Washington may take measures that could affect Tehran's plane purchases.
In June, Airbus said two other Iranian airlines had committed to buying 73 planes in a last-minute flurry of deals for the aircraft manufacturer at the Paris Airshow.
Fakhrieh-Kashan said Iran was holding negotiations to merge the helicopter order into the IranAir-Airbus contract signed in December, Financial Tribune reported.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
IBA, Zambales: Residents of this province, particularly of the towns of Candelaria and Santa Cruz have urged the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (SP) here to cancel the permits of four mining companies which continue to destroy their communities.
Advertisements
The Concerned Citizens of Santa Cruz, Zambales (CCOS), Defend Zambales and several peoples' organizations oppose the operation of four mining companies they accused of harming the environment and their livelihood.
The anti-mining advocates showed proofs of destruction in their environment, roads and the nickel contamination of rivers, farmlands, fishponds, creeks and part of the shoreline that affect their livelihood during the recent Ulat Sa Bayan where community members face the Sangguniang Panlalawigan members to present their grievances.
They named the mining companies as Benguet Nickel Mines Inc. (BNMI); Zambales Diversified Metals Corp. (ZDMC); LNL Archipelago Minerals Inc. (LAMI) and Eramen Minerals Inc. (EMI), all operating in Santa Cruz and Candelaria despite alleged irregularities in their permits.
During the hearing, representatives of the four mining companies denied knowledge of the destructions their operations have caused and told the SP that they only conduct hauling operations.
The mining companies also denied having opened new extraction activities or expansions.
It was revealed during the hearing that only BNMI has the ore transport permit while EMI, LAMI and ZDMC-DCMI are still waiting for their permits to haul.
Zambales Vice Gov. Angel Magsaysay warned the mining operators that the provincial government has the primordial obligation to protect its citizens and its environment.
“Mining should not render destruction to the livelihood of the residents. They should be responsible for the environment and bring economic development, instead,” she said.
Governor Amor Deloso echoed Magsaysay's statement as he reiterated his warning to penalize or cancel the permits of the mining operators who are found violating conditions in their permits.
“What we need are investors, like mining operators, to be responsible to the communities where their operations are based,” Deloso said.
“Mining is a very lucrative business, but what we need are those who will practice responsible mining, who take care of the environment, give livelihood to the residents and sponsor development projects for the community,” he added.
SP members expressed disappointment over the inaction and seeming blindness of the officials in the affected barangay (villages) and municipalities to the plight of their constituents.
The officials gave the assurance that those who are responsible for the destruction of the environment and people's livelihood would face the consequences for their actions.
They assured the group to mete the necessary sanction against mining firms and local officials who will be found responsible by the fact-finding committee tasked to conduct assessment on the effect of nickel mining here.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
The logo of Honda is pictured at the 38th Bangkok International Motor Show in Bangkok, Thailand March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
TOKYO Honda Motor Co (7267.T) forecast a 16 percent fall in operating profit for the current financial year as the Japanese automaker sees higher auto sales being offset by a stronger yen and research and development costs.
Japan's No. 3 automaker said it expects an operating profit of 705 billion yen (4.94 billion pounds) in the year to March, down from 840.7 billion yen posted in the year just ended, and lower than an average estimate of 850.8 billion yen according to 23 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
It sees a 14 percent slide in net profit to 530.0 billion yen this year.
Honda's projections are based on a forecast that the yen will average 105 yen to the U.S. dollar through March, stronger than both its 108 yen rate in the year just ended.
Executive Vice President Seiji Kuraishi acknowledged that Honda's expected currency hit of 95 billion yen was based on a "conservative" yen forecast, adding that growing costs to create next-generation cars would also impact earnings.
"Our costs are rising to develop new technologies which will be needed in the future, like automated driving functions and electric cars," he told reporters at a results briefing.
Honda's ongoing research and development of self-driving cars, lower-emissions powertrains and new mobility services comes as Japanese automakers look for ways to add more value to their cars beyond the quality and reliability which fuelled their global growth over the past decades.
SUVS VS SEDANS
Honda expects its global vehicle sales to edge up 1 percent to 5.08 million this year, bolstered by growth in Asian sales to 2.06 million units, beating out North America to become Honda's top market as more Chinese drivers flock to its cars.
The company expects to sell 1.92 million vehicles in North America, 2.5 percent less than the year just ended as it struggles to sell sedans including the Accord, which have fallen out of fashion in the past few years.
Honda has been ramping up production of SUVs to keep up with strong demand for larger models in the United States, although overall vehicle sales show signs of slowing following a boom cycle after the global financial crisis.
Mazda Motor Corp (7261.T) is taking a similar strategy, announcing on Friday it would expand production of SUV crossover models at home, while equipping overseas plants to enable more flexible production of models according to market needs.
Japan's No. 5 automaker forecast a 19 percent jump in operating profit for the current financial year as it expects higher sales volumes, particularly in North America, to help it recover from last year's profit slump.
Industry experts are increasingly concerned about rising inventory levels and consumer discounts as automakers push harder to sell products. A pricing war in the market could undermine automakers' profits.
To view graphic on comparison of Japan's top automakers, click on tmsnrt.rs/2qdMdIq
(Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu and Maki Shiraki; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
May 3 Italpinas Development Corp:
* Company confirms that plans for a fundraising activity through the issuance of preferred shares is in the pipeline.
* Refers to article entitled "Italpinas hopes to raise p1b from preferred shares" posted in Business Mirror Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A car has hit a tree and rolled on Manukau Rd, in Royal Oak.
A Fire and Emergency spokesman said the car may have hit a gas plinth so the area is cordoned off and emergency services were waiting for the gas authority to arrive.
One person has been taken to Auckland Hospital in a moderate condition after the 6.30am crash.
March 31Palemo Co Ltd
* Says it will restructure the company into a holding company, and transfer apparel business and sundries business to a new unit, effective Aug. 21
* Says it will change name to PALEMO HOLDINGS CO LTD
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/UtSDSu
Further company coverage:[2778.T>] (Beijing Headline News)
March 30 Oi Wah Pawnshop Credit Holdings Ltd
* Loan agreement was entered into between Oi Wah PL as lender and five customers as borrower
* Pursuant to loan agreement, Oi Wah PL has agreed to grant loan to five customers for a term of 1 month
* Under loan agreement principal amount to A is HK$85.5 million and principal amt to b is HK$46.9 million Source text: (bit.ly/2ol69bu) Further company coverage:
Of the many things Varanasi is known for, so-called salvation homes that cater to the terminally ill best exemplify Hinduism's holiest city. Drawing from the belief that people who die there allow their soul to escape a cycle of death and rebirth, many who seek ‘mukti' check into these accommodations to wait for death.
Shubhashish Bhutiani's “Mukti Bhawan” (titled “Hotel Salvation” in English) provides a window into the lives of these people and their loved ones. The movie, which premiered at the Venice Film Festival last year and releases in Indian theatres on April 7, tells the story of a son who takes his father to die in Varanasi. Bhutiani spoke to Reuters about the film.
Q: How did you come up with the idea for “Mukti Bhawan”?
A: I had moved back to India after studying in the U.S. and working at a few jobs. I wanted to travel around the country, so I backpacked across India and my last stop was Varanasi. I had heard about these…I am just going to use the word hotel even though they are not really hotels. In the local language they call them bhawans. They have many qualities of a hotel and the word works for translation purposes.
My entry point into this world was just from a place of fascination. When I went there, it was not with the agenda of making a film, but just to see a place that was so unique. I became touched by people's stories of why they come there and what this place means for them and one particular incident stayed with me, of a son who brings his father to die there. That compelled me to write something around it.
Q: What does the film say about the idea of ‘mukti'?
A: It is certainly not something that every character in the film believes in. Only the patriarch of the family is firm about this belief. His son (Adil Hussain's character) is too caught up in his own life to think about these things – it is how we in the cities are. I don't see this as a religious or a spiritual film. It is told from a human perspective. It deals with modern times and where we stand with our traditions and how it impacts us. It brings out humour too, because who knows when death will come? It brought a smile to my face - these people who are predicting their death. But how can you know really?
Q: Is humour an essential element of the story?
A: It is not a conscious effort as much as a feeling I had. If you have a hotel that is giving you 15 days to die, I think that is funny. Someone is putting a time limit on that, when you can never know. I have tried for most of the humour to come out of the situations itself.
Q: Can you talk about your choice of cast, especially Lalit Bahl who we haven't seen after his brilliant performance in “Titli”?
A: He got this role because I saw him in “Titli” and I was looking for someone intimidating. I still auditioned him and all, but he was always in my mind when I was writing the film.
Q: Given the number of senior actors in your film, did you feel your age (he's 25) got in the way?
A: I don't know… I do have some experience. And I also see directing as a job. My job is to get the best out of everybody and make the film that I set out to make. I try to focus on that more and what I want to do. I don't focus on the position.
Q: Did you shoot at an actual mukti bhawan?
A: There are two-three mukti bhawans in Banaras and I wanted to adopt several characteristics of each of them. They all had different elements that I loved. One was by the river, one had a rule board of what the guests could and could not do; one was livelier, where people sat in the courtyard in the evenings. Also, I wanted control of the space and didn't want to disturb anybody. If I went to a real place, they are doing their thing.
Q: You didn't want to get in the way of death?A: Yeah, you could say that (laughs). But we found a place that fit all our requirements – it was by the river, had a courtyard and we could make our own Mukti Bhawan out of it. That is where we shot.
Editing by David Lalmalsawma
BERLIN European Union officials have heard complaints from some members of the bloc about others lowering the requirements for "passporting" rights to sell financial services in the EU single market, the European Commission vice president said.
As Britain prepares to leave the EU, some British financial firms - and foreign banks using London as a European base - are already working on plans to establish new operations on the continent to keep access to the European market.
Valdis Dombrovskis told Reuters there could be no race to the bottom in setting the requirements to lure such firms.
"Already we have heard certain accusations among countries in this regard," he told Reuters in a television interview in Berlin on Wednesday. "Clearly we need to ensure a level playing field across the EU."
Many financial firms in Britain are looking at moving jobs to centers such as Frankfurt, Dublin, Paris and Luxembourg.
But Britain's financial sector is also drawing up proposals on how it could still serve EU clients after Brexit, even as firms begin establishing new operations on the continent to keep access to the European market.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Joseph Nasr)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Astronomers are set to scan an "alien" comet for signs of extraterrestrial technology.
The cigar-shaped asteroid, named "Oumuamua" by its discoverers, sailed past Earth last month and is the first interstellar object seen in the solar system.
A team of alien-hunting scientists, led by Russian billionaire Yuri Milner, will scan the comet this week before it sails beyond the reach of Earth's telescopes, according to the Daily Mail.
Traveling at 44km a second, the comet is headed away from the Earth and sun on its way out of the solar system. Photo / Nasa
They say they are looking for radio signals, claiming the mysterious visitor could be an alien spaceship.
Advertisement
Milner, the business mogul behind Breakthrough Listen, a $100 million (NZ$388.8m) search for intelligent extraterrestrial life, received an email about the object last week from one of his chief scientists, the Atlantic reports.
"The more I study this object, the more unusual it appears, making me wonder whether it might be an artificially made probe which was sent by an alien civilisation," Professor Avi Loeb, the chair of Harvard's astronomy department and one of Milner's advisers on Breakthrough Listen, wrote in the email.
Professor Loeb said the space rock's peculiar elongated shape is odd for a common space rock but ideal for a ship flying between star systems.
Breakthrough Listen has now announced the programme will scan Oumuamua this week for signs of radio signals.
"Researchers working on long-distance space transportation have previously suggested that a cigar or needle shape is the most likely architecture for an interstellar spacecraft, since this would minimise friction and damage from interstellar gas and dust," the research firm said in a statement.
"While a natural origin is more likely, there is currently no consensus on what that origin might have been, and Breakthrough Listen is well positioned to explore the possibility that Oumuamua could be an artefact."
Traveling at 44 kilometres per second, the comet is headed away from the Earth and Sun on its way out of the solar system. Photo / NASA
The alien-hunting project will use the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia for its investigation.
The object is now twice the distance between Earth and the sun from our planet, but even at this range the Green Bank Telescope can pick up the slightest signal.
Milner and his team want to measure the object before it extends beyond the reach of Earthbound scanning equipment.
The object will fly past Jupiter next year, and will hurtle beyond Pluto by the 2020s.
"Whether it's artificial or not, we will definitely know more about this object," Milner told the Atlantic.
Oumuamua, also known as Comet C/2017 U1, baffled scientists when it flew past Earth at breakneck speed in November.
It was first spotted by a telescope in Hawaii on October 18, and was observed 34 separate times in the following week.
Travelling at 44 kilometres per second, the comet is headed away from the Earth and Sun on its way out of the solar system.
The comet is up to 400 meters long and highly-elongated - perhaps 10 times as long as it is wide.
That aspect ratio is greater than that of any asteroid or comet observed in our solar system to date.
But the comet's slightly red hue — specifically pale pink — and varying brightness are remarkably similar to objects in our own solar system.
While its elongated shape is unusual, it may provide new clues as to how other star systems in the universe formed.
The observations, part-funded by Nasa suggested this unusual object had been wandering through the Milky Way, unattached to any star system, for hundreds of millions of years before its chance encounter with our star system.
"For decades we've theorised that such interstellar objects are out there, and now – for the first time – we have direct evidence they exist," Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for Nasa's Science Mission Directorate in Washington, said in a statement in November.
"This history-making discovery is opening a new window to study formation of solar systems beyond our own."
BEIJING Growth in China's services sector accelerated in March at the fastest pace in nearly three years, an official survey showed on Friday.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) stood at 55.1, compared with the previous month's reading of 54.2, and well above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The reading was the highest since May 2014.
The services sector accounted for over half of China's economy last year and for the majority of its 6.7 percent growth as rising wages give Chinese consumers the opportunity to shop, travel and eat out more.
China's policymakers are counting on growth in services and consumption as they try to rebalance the country's economic growth model from a heavy reliance on investment and exports.
(Editing by Kim Coghill)
April 12 Royalty North Partners Ltd-
* Royalty North announces private placement financing
* Royalty North Partners Ltd- proceeds of private placement will be used to fund company's loan agreement with sst construction, llc
* Royalty North Partners -intends to complete a non brokered private placement financing of a minimum of 17.6 million units at c$0.17 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
* Chevron, Exxon rises on higher oil prices
* Three big U.S. banks to report results on Thursday
* Amazon gains after Needham upgrades to "buy"
* Indexes up: Dow 0.41 pct, S&P 0.37 pct, Nasdaq 0.38 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 10 U.S. stocks were set to gain the most in nearly two weeks late-Monday morning as higher oil prices lifted energy stocks, while investors braced for big banks to kick off the first-quarter earnings season later in the week.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the U.S. banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump.
Oil prices rose more than 1 percent, with U.S. crude hitting a more than one-month high, supported by a Libyan oilfield shutdown, tension over a U.S. missile strike on Syria and signs that an OPEC-led output cut is helping to clear excess supplies.
Investors are keenly watching the quarterly earnings to justify lofty market valuations, following the post-election rally sparked off by bets that Trump would introduce pro-growth policies.
Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year, the most since the fourth-quarter of 2014. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The financial sector has been a darling performer since the election and we've seen some of that performance retreat in the last couple of weeks," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis.
"So what the banks report and what their guidance is will be the primary driver for equity prices over the next week or two."
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
At 10:55 a.m. ET (1455 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 84.2 points, or 0.41 percent, at 20,740.3, the S&P 500 was up 8.75 points, or 0.37 percent, at 2,364.29 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 22.63 points, or 0.38 percent, at 5,900.44.
All the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by a 1.1 percent gain in energy. Chevron was up 1 percent while Exxon gained 0.6 percent.
A raft of deals also lifted sentiment. Shares of Straight Path Communications surged nearly two-fold to $90 after AT&T offered a huge premium to buy the owner of wireless spectrum licenses. The deal also lifted shares of other communications companies.
Swift Transportation jumped 23 percent to $24.64 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 13.5 percent at $34.75.
Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, rising 1.3 percent to $906.73. The world's largest online retailer was upgraded to "buy" at Needham, according to a trader.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,122 to 641. On the Nasdaq, 1,743 shares rose and 866 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and two lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 51 highs and 17 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
DENVER (Reuters) - A former Colorado flight nurse who survived a helicopter ambulance crash with horrific burns over 90 percent of his body will receive a record $100 million cash settlement from the maker and operator of the aircraft, his lawyer said on Thursday.
The sum is believed to be the largest U.S. pretrial settlement ever reached in an individual personal injury civil claim, said Gary Robb, an attorney for the crash survivor, David Repsher, 47. The case had been set for trial on March 5.
The Flight For Life helicopter crashed on take-off on July 3, 2015, from the St. Anthony Summit Medical Center in Frisco, a mountain town about 70 miles west of Denver.
A second flight nurse, Matthew Bowe, was also badly injured, and the pilot, Patrick Mahany, was killed. The three men had been en route to a public relations event at a Boy Scout camp and there were no patients on board.
The thrust of Repsher's lawsuit, filed in Summit County District Court, was that the chopper's French manufacturer, Airbus Helicopters SAS, had failed to equip the aircraft with a crash-resistant fuel system, leading its fuel tank to burst into flames on impact.
Such systems have been mandated on newly certified helicopters since 1994. But Robb said Airbus took advantage of a regulatory loophole to avoid the safety requirement.
Robb cited U.S. government findings that as of November 2014 about 85 percent of domestically registered helicopters made after 1994 lacked crash-resistant fuel systems.
The lawsuit also alleged that the aircraft's tail rotor system was flawed and that mechanics employed by privately owned Colorado helicopter operator Air Methods Corp “failed to properly repair, maintain and inspect” the AS350-B3e helicopter.
Repsher, who had not been expected to survive the first 24 hours after the crash, sustained full-thickness burns over 90 percent of his body, in some places extending down the bone.
He spent 11 months hospitalized in an intensive care unit for burn victims and has endured hundreds of surgeries and other procedures, Robb said.
He suffered permanent hearing loss, severe disfigurement and loss of function of his hands, and has had to learn to swallow, eat, talk, stand and walk all over again.
“It was his amazing character and indomitable spirit that carried him through and allowed him to survive,” Robb said of his client.
Robb said a separate lawsuit brought by Bowe has also been “resolved” but remains confidential.
Airbus and Air Methods both said in statement that safety was their top priority, and both said they had taken a number of steps to improve the safety and crash-worthiness of their helicopters.
A representative for the legal research service VerdictSearch confirmed that the $100 million sum was the highest pretrial settlement amount in its database for a single-plaintiff personal injury case.
Repsher plans to use some proceeds to form a private foundation promoting emergency medical flight safety and burn survivor support, Robb said.
May 2 Damansara Realty Bhd:
* Health Technical Services ("HTSSB") and Axventure ("ASB")has been approached by Triplc Medical Sdn Bhd for a proposed project
* Total value of the contract is 372.8 million RGT
* HTSSB and ASB are desirous to accept the proposed project by triplc medical & enter into an JVA to jointly carry out the work
* As a project management consultant, HTSSB will receive a consultation fee of 2.79 million RGT from the total contract value Source :(bit.ly/2oT732G) Further company coverage:
April 3 Sito Mobile Ltd:
* Sito mobile adopts tax benefits preservation plan to protect tax assets
* Sito Mobile Ltd - as of Dec. 31, 2016, Sito Mobile had approximately $40 million of (gross pre-tax) federal net operating loss carryforwards or nols
* Sito Mobile Ltd- plan intended to reduce likelihood of unintended "ownership change" occurring through buying and selling of co's common stock
* Sito Mobile - co will distribute to stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each common share held as of close of business on April 14
* Sito Mobile Ltd- preferred stock purchase rights and tax benefits preservation plan will expire no later than April 3, 2020
* Sito Mobile Ltd- issuance of preferred stock purchase rights under tax benefits preservation plan will not affect co's reported earnings per share
* Sito Mobile -plan intended to act as deterrent to anyone acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.99pct or more of co's common stock without approval of board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUENOS AIRES Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht's efforts to seek a leniency deal in Argentina are limited under the country's laws, an Argentine prosecutor investigating corruption allegations said on Wednesday.
After striking a deal with U.S. and Brazilian prosecutors in December in which it paid fines and admitted to paying hundreds of millions of dollars of bribes in 12 countries, Odebrecht has been trying to sign additional pacts across Latin America.
"The intention of the company is to reach an agreement, but there is no legal mechanism for companies," prosecutor Sergio Rodriguez told Reuters. "There are difficulties due to the lack of legislation."
President Mauricio Macri's administration has asked Congress to pass a bill that would allow companies to be punished for corruption and also enable them to sign leniency agreements.
Rodriguez said it would be easier to reach an agreement reducing penalties for individual executives who cooperate with the investigation in Argentina under the so-called repentance law.
Odebrecht said in an e-mailed statement it was advancing toward agreements in other countries in Latin America. Odebrecht has adopted measures to improve its commitment to ethical business practices and improve transparency, the statement said.
Rodriguez said Brazilian prosecutors would send relevant information from their investigation to Argentina in June.
Unlike in Peru, Odebrecht has not been banned from participating in future infrastructure projects in Argentina.
(Reporting by Nicolas Misculin; Additional reporting and writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Peter Cooney)
COCONUT CREEK, Fla. - A commission investigating the Feb. 14 Parkland school massacre has learned that faulty classroom designs and police radio and 911 systems contributed to the chaos and possibly to some of the 17 deaths.
Broward Sheriff's Office officials told the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Commission at its first meeting Tuesday that teachers couldn't lock their classroom doors from the inside as they tried to lock down their students on Valentine's Day.
Instead, they had to open their doors and use a key to lock them from the outside.
The doors also had small windows, allowing the gunman to fire into the locked classrooms.
"All those kids were in a fishbowl," said Commission Chair Bob Gualtieri, who is also the sheriff of Pinellas County. "They were contained in there, and any other building on that campus would have been -- picture this like an outdoor motel, where the doors open on the outside. It's that type of setup. So, this was a unique building. He was unchallenged, unfettered, unanything."
Broward sheriff's radios were also not on the same channel as Coral Springs police, the two primary agencies that responded. Attempts to merge the radio channels failed, preventing the two departments from sharing information. Coral Springs and Broward are also on separate 911 systems and calls were coming into both.
Members of the commission include law enforcement officials, education officials, a mental health counselor and family members of the school shooting victims.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A shopper is reflected in a store window on Oxford Street in central London December 30, 2014. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON Nearly half of British households plan to cut spending as worries around inflation escalate, a survey showed on Wednesday, driving home the squeeze on consumers from rising energy prices and the pound's post-Brexit vote plunge.
Pension provider Scottish Friendly and the Social Market Foundation think tank said 46 percent of households plan to cut back on spending. More than half of this proportion cited the rising cost of living.
A separate survey from the British Retail Consortium (BRC) showed annual food price inflation more than doubled last month to 1.0 percent, the sharpest increase in prices since February 2014.
The surveys added to a raft of evidence that British consumers are feeling the strain of rising prices, exacerbated by the pound's fall since June's vote to leave the European Union.
Inflation hurts the poorest in particular because rising prices for essentials like food and transport take up a bigger share of their disposable income.
The Scottish Friendly survey showed 70 percent of British households were worried about the prospect of rising prices.
"They are expecting a bumpy ride thanks to the twin headwinds of Article 50 uncertainty and rising inflation and those households are proactively taking steps to ensure they are prepared for any outcome," Scottish Friendly spokesman Calum Bennie said.
Despite rising food prices, overall shop prices are still falling but at a reduced rate, according to the BRC data. Total shop prices declined 0.8 percent after falling 1.0 percent in February, marking the weakest deflation since December 2013.
"Global food commodity costs have risen by 17 percent on average over last year's figures, building substantial pressure in the food supply chain," said Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the BRC.
"The squeeze on household disposable incomes will tighten as the year progresses."
Last week supermarket chain Asda said its gauge of disposable income showed the weakest growth since June 2014 during February, with the poorest households hit particularly hard.
A European Commission survey that dates back to the 1980s showed the largest proportion of British food and beverage retailers on record expect to raise prices in the next three months.
The Scottish Friendly survey polled 2,000 Britons between Feb. 17 and Feb. 25.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
A treatment which reverses the liver damage caused by a diet high in sugar and processed foods has been developed by scientists.
A drug, which undoes scarring and inflammation due to ‘fast food', known as fatty liver disease, has had success in the laboratory, express.co.uk wrote.
Now human trials are planned to start within two years. The drug is designed to break the vicious cycle caused when immune cells go into ‘overdrive' in response to persistent poor diet.
The synthetic drug, URMC-099, restored the balance between immune and liver cells in mice.
Experts believe a similar drug can be used in other inflammatory disorders where the body attacks itself and tests are now being carried out in multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's and heart disease.
Professor Handy Gelbard has been leading the 10-year-study at the University of Rochester, New York, in company with Cambridge drug research company, Biofocus, US-based Mayo Clinic and University of Cincinnati.
He said, “This compound has the ability to turn down the volume on the immune response allowing the liver to regain its normal functions.
“I think this represents promise of a medicine that can help tackle many other diseases associated with an overactive innate immune system causing cell damage.”
Fatty and sugary foods can trigger inflammation in the liver and the body responds by sending immune cells to neutralize the threat.
The immune response can rage out of control, creating more inflammation and damaging the liver.
The drug triggers signals that dial back the immune response to a normal level.
Gelbard said, “A liver regularly confronted with high levels of fat and sugar cannot detoxify and this causes cell damage and eventually the liver cannot work properly. It's like smoking round a petrol tank.”
Live updates: State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens, prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nexstar Media Group Inc:
* NEXSTAR MEDIA GROUP INCREASES QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND BY 25 PERCENT
* NEXSTAR MEDIA GROUP INC - ‍DECLARES QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND OF $0.375 PER SHARE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Appointed believes it's always too soon to quit. After battling numerous levels and types of adversity that included drug addiction, child abuse, depression homelessness, domestic violence and child molestation she has emerged victorious in Christ.
Gospel Recording Artist Appointed
Contact
BM Snowden
uplookm@gmail.com
***@gmail.com BM Snowdenuplookm@gmail.com
End
-- Appointed's explosive award nomination blitz this year comes on the heels of her picking up a Sony Music Distribution deal last year as well as several gospel music awards wins. Fred Newsome, executive Producer of theannounced the 2017 nominees and winners and Appointed is being recognized in four categories that include Female Artist of The Year, New Song of The Year,Radio Announcer Of The Year for her show,and Magazine of The Year for Appointed's publication,Theare slated for August 05, 2017."I could not believe my eyes. I surely was not prepared to be acknowledged in such a way. I do my best to press everyday for His Glory. I am so thankful that the Lord keeps on keeping me locked on the real prize and that is the high calling of the Lord Jesus. I'm on the ride of a lifetime in Him," declares Appointed.Appointed is working on a new album and is set to release a new single this year titled Glorious, a slow tempo worship song. She will travel to various states promoting the Gospel message through her singing, preaching and media ministry.For interview and booking request, please contact UpLook Management & Media Services at uplookm@gmail.com . To learn more about Appointed, go to www.appointed.mobi. Follow her on Twitter at https://twitter.com/ Appointend . Additionally, as of this writing the At Home With Appointed Show is now available on 9 syndicated platforms.About Fred NewsomeFred Newsome, founder and director of the Newsome Gospel Music Awards has acted as an Advisory Board Member for the Stellar Awards. He is also a two time Board of Governor Nominee for the Grammy Awards. He shows "The Doctor Is In the House" airs on every first and third Saturday of the month at 8:30 a.m. For more information call. (443) 500-1171 or visit online at www.newsomekingdom.comAbout AppointedAppointed is also sometimes referred to as Pastor Wanda and is a Media Personality. Her singing style is inviting and covers a scale that includes from R&B to Jazz to Hip Hop to Pop. Her lyrics are catchy and praisy- penetratingly sincere & creative - with rich background vocals that have mass appeal to listeners. Appointed is also a mom, writer, student and a community outreach volunteer/coordinator. Visit Appointed at www,appointed.mobi.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the Ligue 1 matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Amiens SC 0 Angers SCO 2 Enzo Crivelli 27, Thomas Mangani 56 Halftime: 0-1;Attendance: 7,772 - - - Caen 0 St Etienne 1 Romain Hamouma 67 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 17,606 - - - Girondins Bordeaux 2 Valentin Vada 44, Younousse Sankhare 64 Metz 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 22,095 - - - Toulouse 1 Jimmy Durmaz 43pen Montpellier HSC 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 11,876 - - - Nantes 0 Olympique Marseille 1 Lucas Ocampos 87 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 33,654 - - - Friday, August 11 Stade Rennes 1 Benjamin Bourigeaud 86 Olympique Lyon 2 Memphis Depay 57, Mariano 74 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 24,944 - - - Nice 1 Alassane Plea 63pen ESTAC Troyes 2 Adama Niane 53, Saif-Eddine Khaoui 85 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 24,260 - - - Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Racing Strasbourg v Lille (1300) Dijon FCO v Monaco (1500) En Avant de Guingamp v Paris St Germain (1900)
March 28 Prabhat Dairy Ltd
* Says ministry of food company processing industries sanctioned a grant in aid to company for its cold chain proposal
* Says maximum amount of grant available under the scheme is 100 million rupees Source text: bit.ly/2nbn4LP Further company coverage:
March 28 Qubicgames SA:
* 'Fairune' game released by Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe on the PS Vita console
* It will also be distributed by Sony Interactive Entertainment America within two weeks from the European edition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5B-Soft Co Ltd :
* Says it will use 100 million yuan to set up an investment fund JV in Zhejiang with partners
* The JV will be capitalized at 30 billion yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Zi08Ik
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Squad and team news
Mumbai Indians: Suryakumar Yadav, Evin Lewis, Ishan Kishan(w), Rohit Sharma(c), Krunal Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Hardik Pandya, Mitchell McClenaghan, Mayank Markande, Jasprit Bumrah, Mustafizur Rahman
Mumbai Indians are playing with the same squad.
Sunrisers Hyderabad: Wriddhiman Saha (wk), Shikhar Dhawan, Kane Williamson (capt.), Manish Pandey, Shakib Al Hasan, Yusuf Pathan, Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan, Basil Thampi, Sandeep Sharma, Siddarth Kaul
Three changes for Sunrisers Hyderabad in today's match. Shikhar Dhawan is back in the team after missing two matches. Along with Dhawan, Mohammad Nabi will be playing in IPL 2018 for the first time. Basil Thampi also makes his place in the playing XI. Billy Stanlake, Ricky Bhui and Deepak Hooda are out of the playing XI.
Sunrisers Hyderabad has also tweeted from their official account that medium pacer Billy Stanlake has been ruled out of the entire tournament with fractured finger.
Billy Stanlake has been ruled out of the remainder of IPL 2018 owing to a fractured finger. The #OrangeArmy wishes him a speedy recovery. — SunRisers Hyderabad (@SunRisers) April 24, 2018
Preview
Sunrisers have slipped from a comfortable three-match winning start, suffering back-to-back defeats to Kings XI Punjab and Chennai Super Kings (CSK) respectively, and would be keen to bounce back.
Defending champions Mumbai, on the other hand, have a tough task to rediscover themselves after slumping to their fourth loss in five games.
Mumbai had started their campaign with three losses on the trot before registering their first win over Royal Challengers Bangalore, but the three-wicket defeat to Rajasthan Royals on Sunday has once again put them under tremendous pressure.
With nine games left before the play-off stage, Mumbai find themselves in a tight situation to win at least seven of them to improve their chances. As such, a win over SRH on Tuesday is imperative to keep them in the hunt.
Barring local boy Suryakumar Yadav's heroics with the willow, Mumbai have very little to boast of this season, with the other batsmen yet to deliver.
Yadav has had a consistent run of good scores in the opening slot, leaving him four short of reaching the 200 mark for the season, while skipper Rohit Sharma struck one match-winning knock of 94 against RCB.
Mumbai's biggest misery in batting has been the repeated failures of West Indian Keiron Pollard and his compatriot Evin Lewis, at the top while the all-rounder duo of Pandya brothers -- Hardik and Krunal -- have also failed to impress with the bat this season.
In the bowling department, the pace duo of Jasprit Bumrah and Mustafizur Rahman have been right on the money while Mitchell McClenaghan has got among the wickets despite finishing with a higher economy rate. The Pandya siblings have done a decent job with the ball.
Meanwhile, despite a three-match winning streak, Sunrisers find themselves at the lower half of the IPL table, thanks to the successive defeats to Kings XI and CSK.
While captain Kane Williamson has been in superb form, carrying the batting on his shoulders to amass 230 runs in five games, the other batsmen, including opener Shikhar Dhawan, have not given him adequate support.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Wriddhiman Saha has been particularly below par with a tally of just 62 runs and may soon make way for Shreevats Goswami.
Among other batsmen, Yusuf Pathan showed glimpses of his old attacking self against Rajasthan with a quick 27-ball 45, but still lacks consistency.
The bowling unit looks formidable with Bhuvneshwar Kumar leading the pack in the company of youngsters Siddarth Kaul, Billy Stanlake and T.Natarajan.
Afghan leg-spinner Rashid Khan along with Bangladesh's Shakib Al Hasan will aim to contain the fancied Mumbai line-up in the middle overs.
Teams:
Sunrisers Hyderabad: Kane Williamson (Captain), Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan, Shakib Al Hasan, Manish Pandey, Carlos Brathwaite, Yusuf Pathan, Wriddhiman Saha, Rashid Khan, Ricky Bhui, Deepak Hooda, Siddarth Kaul, T.Natarajan, Mohammad Nabi, Basil Thampi, K Khaleel Ahmed, Sandeep Sharma, Sachin Baby, Chris Jordan, Billy Stanlake, Tanmay Agarwal, Shreevats Goswami, Bipul Sharma, Mehdi Hasan, Alex Hales.
Mumbai Indians: Rohit Sharma (Captain), Jasprit Bumrah, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Mustafizur Rahman, Suryakumar Yadav, Krunal Pandya, Ishan Kishan, Rahul Chahar, Evin Lewis, Saurabh Tiwary, Ben Cutting, Pradeep Sangwan, Jean-Paul Duminy, Tajinder Singh, Sharad Lumba, Siddhesh Lad, Aditya Tare, Mayank Markande, Akila Dhananjaya, Anukul Roy, Mohsin Khan, MD Nidheesh, Mitchell McClenaghan, Adam Milne.
April 10 Furniture retailer Rent-A-Center Inc said on Monday that founder Mark Speese, the company's interim chief executive, would take on the role full time.
The company, which is under pressure from activist investment fund Engaged Capital LLC, also said it would take steps to improve growth and profitability.
These steps include selling more higher-end, aspirational products and reducing the number of employees in stores, the company said.
Speese, who was Rent-A-Center's CEO from October 2001 through January 2014, was named interim CEO in January this year, replacing Robert Davis. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Viking Line Abp INSIDE INFORMATION 1.2.2018, 9.00 AM
Viking Line has decided not to exercise its option on another vessel.
Viking Line Abp has decided not to exercise the option to construct another vessel included in
its shipbuilding contract with Xiamen Shipbuilding Industry Co., Ltd. The option has expired.
Viking Line Abp
Jan Hanses
President and CEO
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/01/1329763/0/en/Viking-Line-has-decided-not-to-exercise-its-option-on-another-vessel.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32646003
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 5 Endocyte Inc
* Endocyte Inc - presents data at AACR identifying multiple methods for managing severe side effects resulting from car t-cell treatment
* Endocyte Inc - late-breaking poster demonstrates that Endocyte's bi-specific adaptor molecules can mitigate or eliminate cytokine storms
* Endocyte - data presented shows how co's bi-specific SMDC adaptors can potentially improve safety, tolerability profiles of current car t-cell therapies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
SOFIA, April 28 Bulgaria expects a fiscal surplus of 1.6 percent of gross domestic product in the first for months of 2017, compared with a surplus of 2.6 percent in the same period a year ago, the finance ministry said on Friday.
The ministry also said the Balkan country recorded a surplus of 1.1 percent of GDP at the end of March compared with 2.1 percent for the first three months of 2016 as social and health spending rose.
The Black Sea state has pegged its lev currency to the euro, in a regime that prevents the central bank from setting interest rates and leaves fiscal policy as one of the few tools it has to influence the economy.
Bulgaria ended 2016 with a surplus of 1.6 percent after initially targeting a deficit of 2.0 percent. The turnaround was mainly caused by delays in administering EU-backed projects, which reduced capital spending, while economic growth exceeded forecasts.
On Thursday, the centre-right GERB party signed a coalition deal with a nationalist alliance after the two sides reached an agreement to raise the minimum state pension in the European Union's poorest country.
However, ex-finance minister Vladislav Goranov - tipped to regain the post in Bulgaria's next government as well, said the move will not affect the country's fiscal deficit target of 1.4 percent of GDP for this year in a budget that projects higher revenues and spending.
Government revenue in the first three months of 2017 rose 8.5 percent from the same period in 2016 to 8.8 billion levs ($4.91 billion). Spending rose to 7.8 billion levs from 7.2 billion a year ago, data showed.
Fiscal reserves held under the currency regime pegging the lev to the euro stood at 12.6 billion levs at the end of March. ($1 = 1.7939 leva) (Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Toby Chopra)
LAKE GENEVA - The National Snow Sculpting Competition took a political turn after a team from Minnesota submitted it's sculpture.
The sculptor expected a reaction when he decided to go political with the president.
"It's Trump," said a woman in the crowd.
"There's the hair, there's the mouth," said Paul Vanheijningen.
"We have a representation, a manifestation representing Trump's Twitter feed," said Dusty Thune.
Thune said other artists might be more whimsical with their sculpture. But he won his state competition and submitted this design to come to the national competition, so he is putting it all out there.
"People are going to be able to see the cat being grabbed, the phone with the Twitter feed and little Kim's rocket and so, so much more," Thune said.
Thune still has work to do. He says he is building a wall and he was going to put a taco truck in each corner.
Families coming to check out the sculptures have mixed reviews. Some not even sure what they are looking at.
"I like the artistic part of it," Vanheijningen said.
"I think it's fascinating," said Neil Gowan.
"We've only had a couple people kind of upset by it," Thune said.
For those who do not know what to think about the sculpture, they are leaving it simple.
"I think Freedom of Speech," said a woman from Kenosha who didn't want to give her name.
Thune said doesn't expect to win the competition. He just hopes to get people talking. The sculptures go up for judges Saturday at the Winterfest in downtown Lake Geneva.
* Investors hunt for high-yield shares before ex-dividend day
* Market continues to focus on U.S. tax reform, econ stimulus
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, March 28 Japan's Nikkei share average rebounded from more than a six-week low on Tuesday morning due to a pause in the yen's strong trend, with most sectors rose to positive territory.
With the end of the business year-end looming on March 31 for a majority of listed companies, the market was also underpinned by investor purchases of stocks before they go ex-dividend later in the day.
The Nikkei rose 1.0 percent to 19,177.10 in midmorning trade, after plumbing to its lowest level since Feb. 9 on the previous day as U.S. President Donald Trump's setback on his healthcare reform bill raised questions about his ability to push through his planned stimulus policies.
"Investors were overly risked off yesterday," said Hikaru Sato, a senior technical analyst at Daiwa Securities. "That said, for the next few weeks, the dollar-yen may still be volatile."
He added that the market continues to focus on developments on U.S. tax reform and infrastructure spending as well as political events in Europe such as the French presidential election next month.
Oil shares, drugmakers and trading firms outperformed helped by buying from investors hunting for high yields before the ex-dividend day.
Showa Shell Sekiyu surged 2.4 percent, Takeda Pharmaceutical rose 1.5 percent, Mitsubishi Corp advanced 1.5 percent and Mitsui & Co soared 1.0 percent.
Exporters gained ground after the dollar rose 0.1 percent to 110.800 yen following its slide to a four-month low of 110.110 overnight. Toyota Motor Corp gained 0.9 percent, Nissan Motor Co added 0.8 percent and Panasonic Corp jumped 2.9 percent.
The broader Topix gained 1.2 percent to 1,541.96 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 advanced 1.2 percent to 13,790.14.
(Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Workers ride on an motor rickshaw through an aluminium ingots depot in Wuxi, Jiangsu province in this September 26, 2012 file picture. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
BEIJING The United States has launched a probe to determine whether imports of Chinese aluminium foil should be subject to anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday, just weeks after the U.S. foil industry accused the world's top producer of dumping.
Earlier this month, U.S. producers lodged a petition calling for an investigation and accusing 230 Chinese companies selling almost $400 million worth of foil last year in the United States at discount prices and damaging the sector.
Estimated dumping margins range from 38.40 percent to 140.21 percent, the U.S. Commerce Department said on Tuesday. (t.cn/R6omrab)
Responding to the move, China's commerce ministry on Wednesday urged the United States to conduct a fair investigation and follow guidelines set by the World Trade Organization.
"Inappropriate use of trade remedy measures will not only harm the export interests of Chinese aluminium foil firms, but also will weaken the competitiveness of the U.S. downstream industries," according to the statement posted on the Chinese commerce ministry's website.
The U.S. International Trade Commission will make preliminary determinations on or before April 24, the Commerce Department said.
If the ITC issues affirmative preliminary injury decisions, the investigations will continue and Commerce will make its preliminary determinations on anti-subsidy, or 'countervailing' duties and anti-dumping duties on June 2 and Aug. 16, respectively.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Josephine Mason; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Kenneth Maxwell)
March 30 Nippon Television Holdings Inc :
* Says the co's unit agreed to form capital and business alliance with All About Inc
* Says two entities will cooperate on development of new content, information service supply and internet shopping business
* Says its unit will raise stake in All About Inc to 25.01 percent, effective March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/1DFQ0t; goo.gl/TdBMmh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 10Starway Bio-technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 514.2 percent to 575.6 percent, or to be 50 million yuan to 55 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (8.1 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/6jjnFH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Strolling down Vaernedamsve, a picturesque street between the former red-light district of Vesterbro and the fashionable municipality of Frederiksberg, I feel smack bang in the middle of chic Scandi living.
There are hipster coffee hangouts, minimalist plant shops and impossibly cool interior stores, with bikes artfully propped against lamp posts.
Copenhagen is remarkably calm for a capital. The majority of people ride bikes rather than drive cars and everything feels cosy, content and stress-free. The Danes even have a word for it, of course - hygge.
The city, which is less than a two-hour flight from London, also has a buzzing food scene, with several new restaurant openings every month. But with 15 Michelin star restaurants, including Noma, which was named the best restaurant in the world four times, it has a reputation for being pricey.
Plan carefully, though, and you can have an affordable weekend break. Here's how to get the most out of the city while keeping the costs down...
Take in the view at Christiansborg Palace
The 360-degree views from the Danish Parliament building, the tallest tower in Copenhagen at 106 metres (they don't do skyscrapers here), really show off the city's juxtaposing modern minimalist and old fairy tale-like architecture.
From here you'll see the B0rsen, the 17th-century stock exchange building with a spire design of four dragons' tails twisted together, as well as the Amager Bakke waste-energy power plant, where the world's longest artificial ski slope is set to open this winter. You can see all the way to Sweden on a clear day.
Price: Free. Visit taarnet.dk/taarnet/
See the city from the water
The excellent value Copenhagen Card gives tourists free public transport by bus, train and Metro and free entry to 79 museums and attractions. Use it on a boat tour down the canals around what's known as the Harbour Circle, passing the colourful town houses of Nyhaven and enviably stylish houseboats, towards the striking Black Diamond Library, Amalienborg Palace (the Danish royal family's official residency) and the famous Little Mermaid statue.
Inspired by Danish author Hans Christian Anderson's fairy-tale, the famous figure “has been decapitated twice and had her arm copped off” in various protests, according to our tour guide.
Price: DKK 80 (£9) or free with a Copenhagen Card, which costs £45 for 24 hours, £65 for 48 hours and £78 for 72 hours. Go to VisitCopenhagen.com for more information.
Stay in a (nice) hostel
Gone are the days when hostel dorm rooms mean basic accommodation. The trend in Copenhagen right now is for swanky luxury hostels. The newly opened Steel House is a short walk from the central station and on the doorstep of one of the city's three adjoining lakes.
The former headquarters of the Danish Metalworkers' Union makes a fitting location for the New York-inspired, industrial-style hostel.
At Steel House, everything is stripped back; there's no desk, chair or wardrobe. Who really needs those on a weekend break? The four and six person dorm rooms are the smartest I've ever seen and each bed (sorry, pod) has some privacy, perfect for individual travellers or a group to book. The double rooms are very tight but functional, with everything you need and nothing you don't.
The heart and soul of the hostel is the communal living area - which includes a large kitchen guests can cook in. Much like a budget airline, the hostel charges extra for certain things - use of the gym (DKK 20, £2.40) or pool (DKK 40, £4.75) for example, even storing luggage (DKK 20, £2.40). The bonus being base costs are kept down and the pool tends to be empty!
Price: Double rooms start at DKK 510 (£60) and beds in dorm rooms DKK 171 (£20), both include breakfast. Visit steelhousecopenhagen.com
Hire city bikes
The city is small enough to walk everywhere, but if you want to fit in with the Danes, you need to hop on a bike. There are thousands of Bycyklen - electric bikes with built-in GPS to guide you - found at docking stations dotted around the city. Simply register online with a credit card to pay as you go before picking up a bike.
And you'll be in good company; at the last count there were 265,700 bikes in Copenhagen. Strangely, no one appears to wear helmets (there's no requirement by law) but the roads are very bike friendly with cycle lanes and four bike-only highways.
Price: Bike hire is DKK 30 (£3.50) per hour. Visit bycyklen.dk/en/
Share a Sm0rrebr0d
You can't go to Denmark without having an open sandwich - it's a Danish staple. Head to Din Nye Ven in Indre By, a laid-back and effortlessly cool cafe, for sm0rrebr0d with toppings such as mackerel and smoked cream cheese or avocado piled high on rye bread, all traditionally washed down with Danish beer, like Pilsner or Mikkeller, and schnapps.
Price: DKK 105 (£12) for two slices or DKK 300 (£35) for a large sharing sm0rrebr0d. Visit dinnyeven.dk
Become a kid again
A trip to the Danish capital wouldn't be complete without stepping foot inside the Tivoli Gardens, which dates back to 1843.
You don't find many amusement parks smack bang in the middle of a city, but the second oldest in the world, Tivoli, is a charming Danish institution.
Here you'll find one of the world's oldest wooden roller-coasters, Rutschebanen (which is faster than it looks) as well as The Demon, a more modern loop-the-loop, where riders wear a virtual reality headset.
Price: Admission to the park is DKK 120 (£14) and unlimited ride pass is DKK 230 (£27).
SHANGHAI/PARIS France's consulate in Shanghai said on Friday that a French national was assaulted in the city with a knife this week and urged the French community in China to be vigilant.
The attack on Wednesday came days after police in Paris shot a Chinese man dead in his home, triggering protests in parts of the French capital and demands by Beijing for an explanation, though the French consulate drew no connection between the two incidents.
The shooting of 56-year-old Shaoyao Liu at his apartment in Paris last Sunday has caused violent anti-police protests in his neighbourhood and some other parts of the French capital.
French public radio station, franceinfo, said secret service documents indicated the violent confrontations in Paris appeared to be backed by local Chinese gang chiefs and also had backing from "the Chinese authorities".
It was not immediately possible for Reuters to verify the report. The French radio station said it had obtained a note written by the French internal intelligence services.
Dozens of people have been tear-gassed and arrested by riot police in Paris during skirmishes in the area where the Chinese man was shot dead. There have also been peaceful protests by members of the French-Chinese community over the incident.
France's consulate in Shanghai said on its website that the French victim was attacked in a violent assault by a man who fled after a Chinese colleague intervened. The attacker was later arrested by the Chinese police, it said.
"The French embassy and consulate-generals are in constant contact with the Chinese authorities to remind (them) that the security of French nationals in China is a priority," it said.
Valerie Niquest, an Asia researcher at the French Foundation for Strategic Research, told franceinfo that China's closely-controlled media and internet had relayed the Paris incident, with some media labelling it a case of French police racism, and made it available to 100 million Chinese people.
There have been contradictory reports by police and family about the circumstances of the killing of Shaoyao Liu.
Police said they acted in self-defence after they were called to investigate noise at the slain man's apartment.
His 21-year-old daughter, who refused to give her name but says she was one of four children present at the time, told reporters that her father was killed when he opened the door to police with scissors in his hands because he had been preparing a fish dinner when the door bell rang.
(Reporting by Brenda Goh in Shangahi and Brian Love in Paris; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Command Security Corp
* Says company has received award of a three-year contract to provide security services with a major on-line retailer
* Command security says total annual revenues associated with award estimated to be about $27.0 million or about $80.0 million over three-year term Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, speaks with a youth during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (C), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, speaks with youths during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
Youths walk behind a banner which reads, 'Neither Macron, Nor Le Pen - The Uprising is Now' at a demonstration to protest the results of the first round of the presidential election in Nantes, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
Supporters for Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attend a campaign rally in Nice, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Marine Le Pen (C), French National Front (FN) political party candidate for French 2017 presidential election, talks to the media after an excursion on a fishing boat during a campaign visit to the port in Le Grau-du-Roi, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Arras, France, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
A supporter for Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Nice, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Supporters for Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attend a campaign rally in Nice, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Pierre Amet
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, poses before taking part in the show 'Elysee 2017' on French television channel TF1 in Paris, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, poses before taking part in the show 'Elysee 2017' on French television channel TF1 in Paris, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (C), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, shakes hands with a youth during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (C), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, holds a girl during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau
Marine Le Pen (2ndL), French National Front (FN) political party candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves from a fishing boat after an excursion during a campaign visit to the port in Le Grau-du-Roi, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Emmanuel Macron (C), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, kicks a soccer ball during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
PARIS/LE GRAU DU ROI, France France's presidential candidates battled for the popular vote on Thursday with far-right Marine Le Pen wooing fishermen and Emmanuel Macron playing soccer as polls showed the centrist's commanding lead narrow marginally.
As runner-up in last Sunday's opening ballot, Le Pen remained the underdog, but several polls suggested she had made a more impressive start to the last lap of campaigning than Macron.
A daily Opinionway poll saw Macron's predicted score dipping to 59 percent for the first time since mid-March.
A Harris survey showed Macron garnering 61 percent of voting intentions, but suggested momentum was on Le Pen's side as the centrist's lead narrowed by several percentage points.
Dressed in fishermen's yellow oilskins, Le Pen, 48, grappled with a freshly caught octopus on a fishing boat out at sea first thing on Thursday. She told reporters on the quayside she would defend seafarers and all endangered sectors against invasive EU regulations.
"Let me warn you, that man (Macron) will destroy our entire social and economic structure," she told a horde of journalists at Le Grau du Roi, a port west of Marseille.
Macron, a 39-year-old who did a stint as economy minister in the outgoing Socialist government before breaking away to launch his own political movement, mocked her photo opportunity.
"Madame Le Pen has gone fishing. Enjoy the outing. The exit from Europe that she is proposing will spell the end of French fisheries," he tweeted.
Macron took his campaign to Sarcelles, a poor Parisian suburb with a large community of North African and sub-Saharan African descent where more than one in three young people are out of work, double the national average.
In stark contrast to Wednesday, when he was heckled by factory workers in northern France, the ex-banker was greeted to cheers and kicked a football around with youngsters.
He hit back at Le Pen's attempts to portray herself as the woman of the people, accusing the trained lawyer, who was born and raised in a wealthy Paris suburb, of hypocrisy, making false promises and continuing the "xenophobic" policies of her father Jean-Marie Le Pen.
"She is lying to you," Macron said in the town, where the majority voted for the far-left in last week's first round.
"France is not the vicious and repressive face that Mrs Le Pen carries. I will not let her trivialise what the National Front is, which is a xenophobic party."
HAPPY EUROPE
Both contenders redoubled their attempts to paint the other as the candidate of the political establishment on Thursday and appealed for support from across the political spectrum after an election race that has alienated some voters.
As the final vote on May 7 approaches, the candidates have plenty of scope - but little time - to pick up support. In the first round, they won less than half of the votes between them and have fewer than 10 days to convince the other 55 percent.
Macron, decrying Le Pen as a "political heiress" and defending his experience in the private sector as a banker, urged people who had backed rivals such as conservative Francois Fillon or leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon to give him a chance.
"I will not consider a vote in my favour as a blank cheque," Macron told French television on Thursday night.
Eurosceptic Le Pen - simultaneously holding a rally in the southern city of Nice, where she described Macron as a "product of the system" - also sought to lure potential Fillon voters as she struck a more conciliatory tone on the European Union.
She said she wanted to replace the "grey" EU with a "happy" one and ommitted any mention of her anti-euro stance.
But she also pressed home her central message on putting the brakes on immigration and reinstating border checks in France, asking the 3,000 strong-crowd: "Mass immigation - more, or stop?" and drawing chants of "Stop!" from supporters.
FAR-LEFT FACTOR
One group that will be key is the 20 percent who chose far-left candidate Melenchon in the first round of voting on April 23.
Unlike the other main candidates who said they would vote for Macron to block the far-right, Melenchon has declined to give his view. His campaign has instead launched a survey of its members to see if they will vote for Macron or abstain, though voting for Le Pen is not an option.
Melenchon's "France Unbowed" movement had a similar anti-globalisation, pro-worker protection message to Le Pen's, but is sharply opposed to her position that immigration and radical Islam are at the roots of France's problems.
In Paris and the western city of Rennes on Thursday, riot police clashed with youths demonstrating against both candidates. Students have been holding "neither Le Pen, nor Macron" protests at high schools since Sunday's vote.
In an interview with Reuters, Christian Estrosi, the right-wing president of the southeastern region, said it was a mistake to take Le Pen's victory chances lightly.
"She can win. In my political family, some are wrong to neglect the risk and not to take the second round more seriously," he said.
Former Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls also echoed that message, telling BFM TV that Le Pen could win if people did not unite behind Macron.
Campaigning took a spectacular turn on Wednesday when Le Pen paid a surprise visit to a doomed Whirlpool appliance plant in her opponent's home town and promised to save it, just as Macron was meeting labour representatives behind closed doors nearby.
Macron later went to the site himself and, although he held his ground and the tension eventually eased, television channels repeatedly broadcast footage of him being heckled.
(To view a graphic on 'French presidential election' click here)
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas, Matthias Blamont, Emmanuel Jarry, and Ingrid Melander in Nice; Writing by John Irish and Sarah White; Editing by Tom Heneghan and Andrew Hay)
* Target, Amazon boost discretionary sector
* UnitedHealth weighs on Dow
* Vertex jumps on success of cystic fibrosis treatment
* Dow down 0.17 pct, S&P up 0.11 pct, Nasdaq up 0.3 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 29 Gains in energy and consumer discretionary stocks propped up the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq on Wednesday, but the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped due to losses in healthcare stocks.
Oil prices rose more than 1.5 percent after data showed a smaller-than-expected build in U.S. crude stockpiles. The data lifted the S&P 500 energy index by 1 percent, led by Exxon .
The consumer discretionary index was up 0.5 percent, helped by Amazon.com and Target.
With an August target date set for a highly anticipated tax reform bill and the quarter nearing an end, analysts expect the market to trade in a tight range.
"We're going to be fairly range-bound as we get to the earnings season or until there is some significant development on tax reforms," said Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston.
At 10:49 a.m. ET (1449 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 36.01 points, or 0.17 percent, at 20,665.49, the S&P 500 was up 2.81 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,361.38 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 17.40 points, or 0.3 percent, at 5,892.54.
The reaction of U.S. markets to Britain formally initiating a process to separate from the European Union was muted.
Among stocks, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, jumped 23 percent to $110.37 after its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage trial.
UnitedHealth was off 1 percent and weighed the most on the Dow.
Luxury furniture retailer RH was up 11.3 percent at $42.41 following a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectations.
Chipmaker Exar Corp was up 22 percent at $12.95 following a deal to be bought by Maxlinear for about $700 million.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,744 to 1,067. On the Nasdaq, 1,553 issues rose and 1,066 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 10 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 58 highs and 19 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
May 2 Relevium Technologies Inc:
* Relevium secures improved terms for BioGanix acquisition and receives commitment letter for secured convertible debenture
* Received commitment letter from AIP Asset Management, AIP Private Capital for total of $2.25 million in secured convertible debentures
* Aggregate purchase price of US$4.45 million payable by co for acquisition of BioGanix will now consist of US$1.9 million in cash at closing
* Due to updated terms of BioGanix definitive agreement, minimum financing required for closing is now $3.5 million instead of $5 million
* Secured a "more flexible" structure for definitive asset purchase agreement for BioGanix acquisition
* Commitment letter to provide 2 year secured convertible debenture with coupon of 8% plus US libor, conversion strike price of $0.15
* Aggregate purchase price of US$4.45 million payable by co for BioGanix acquisition will now consist of US$500,000 in common shares of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN German public debt fell by 0.8 percent last year, the Federal Statistics Office said on Tuesday, keeping the government on track to bring down debt to below 60 percent of economic output by 2020.
The Finance Ministry said earlier this month that it estimated the debt-to-GDP ratio to have shrunk to 68.2 percent last year from 71.2 percent in 2015.
Overall debt, which includes liabilities owned by the federal government, states, communities and social funds stood at 2.006 trillion euros (1.73 trillion pounds) at the end of 2016.
The German government wants to bring down public debt to 59.5 percent of gross domestic product by 2020, three years sooner than previous estimates as solid growth and record employment allow it to abide by EU debt rules faster.
European Union rules say countries should keep the ratio of debt to gross domestic product at no more than 60 percent or least be heading down towards that. The rules have been broken for years by Germany and other countries.
A stability programme agreed by the government last year also includes a goal of no net new debt until 2020 despite higher state spending.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
April 10 Aptevo Therapeutics Inc
* Aptevo Therapeutics presents new clinical data evaluating the safety and efficacy of Ixinity in children with Hemophilia B
* Aptevo Therapeutics Inc - data suggest that Ixinity appears to be safe and well tolerated in the subject population
* Aptevo Therapeutics Inc - new data is comparable to results from overall patient population studied in pivotal clinical trial of Ixinity
* Aptevo Therapeutics - Adverse events in study believed to be related to Ixinity were hyperhidrosis, fever in one patient, hyperhidrosis in another patient
* Aptevo Therapeutics - "Look forward to building on data set in a pediatric setting to support a label expansion for ixinity in patients under 12 years of age" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Net Marketing Co Ltd
* Says it third biggest shareholder, an investment partnership decreased voting power in the company to 0 percent, from 10.2 percent (660,000 share)
* Change occurred on March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/0nFbKA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Apollo Endosurgery files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $17.3 mln
* Apollo Endosurgery inc files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $17.3 million - sec filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
FIE PHOTO: Jakarta governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (C) take pictures with residents during his campaign at Jatinegara district in Jakarta, Indonesia, February 6, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Hafidz Mubarak/ via REUTERS
JAKARTA Indonesian Muslims led by hardline groups plan to march to the presidential palace in the capital Jakarta on Friday, calling for the city's Christian governor to be sacked for suspected blasphemy.
Religious and political tensions have been running high ahead of a second and final round of the Jakarta governor election on April 19. Incumbent Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, who is on trial for blasphemy, is running against a Muslim candidate.
The rally is expected to be the biggest demonstration since mass prayers in the grand mosque just days before the election's first round on Feb. 15, and the latest in a series of protests that have tested religious and ethnic tolerance in the world's largest Muslim-majority nation.
"An estimated 20,000 people from various groups, including students, will participate," said national police spokesman Boy Rafli Amar.
"They will gather at the Istiqlal mosque (grand mosque) and the plan is to march to the presidential palace."
Many Muslims in the city of more than 10 million believe Purnama, Jakarta's first Christian and ethnic Chinese governor, insulted Islam when he made comments last year about his opponents' use of the Koran in political campaigning.
Hundreds of thousands of Muslims took part in a series of rallies in Jakarta late last year and Purnama was put on trial for blasphemy. He has apologised for his comments but denied wrongdoing.
"We ask the government to imprison Ahok soon and relieve him of his official duties," said Novel Bakmukmin, a member of the hardline Islamic Defenders Front, using Purnama's popular nickname.
"This is not just about the Jakarta election any more. We want people who commit blasphemy against religion to be dealt with firmly."
Purnama remains popular for his efforts to cut red tape and ease Jakarta's chronic traffic congestion and flooding, but he faces a tight race with his rival, Anies Baswedan, a former education minister.
Purnama secured 43 percent of the vote in the first round in February and Baswedan got 40 percent. A candidate needs a simple majority to win the run-off election on April 19.
Most Indonesian Muslims adhere to moderate Sunni beliefs, and the country recognises six religions including Hinduism, Catholicism and Buddhism, but minorities, even within Islam, have faced rising intolerance in recent years.
(Reporting by Agustinus Beo Da Costa; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Ed Davies and Nick Macfie)
A state-run South Korean think tank upgraded its 2017 economic growth outlook on Tuesday as the global economy recovers broadly, raising this year's gross domestic growth forecast to 2.6 percent from 2.4 percent projected earlier.
"In 2017, exports will improve as the global economy recovers gradually," the Korea Development Institute (KDI) said in a report.
Despite the sunnier outlook, growth this year would lag last year's 2.8 percent expansion because of sluggish domestic consumption, it said, according to Reuters.
Next year's GDP growth was expected to be a slightly slower 2.5 percent.
The research institute said economic growth would be impaired if protectionist policies were to spread quickly to many countries or if geopolitical issues around North Korea were to debilitate consumer or investor sentiment.
The Bank of Korea last week upgraded its growth outlook for this year to 2.6 percent from 2.5 percent, while its 2018 growth projection is 2.9 percent.
Last December the finance ministry forecast economic growth for this year at 2.6 percent, although it may revise its outlook in coming months.
South Korea's coach Uli Stielike reacts during their Asian Cup final soccer match against Australia at the Stadium Australia in Sydney January 31, 2015. REUTERS/Jason Reed
SEOUL Uli Stielike will be given more time to get South Korea's stuttering 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign back on track after the Korea Football Association (KFA) said on Monday it was sticking by the under-fire German coach.
Stielike guided the South Koreans to the 2015 Asian Cup final just five months after taking charge but a string of poor performances in the final round of Asian qualifying have left their 2018 hopes in doubt.
Lee Yong-soo, head of the KFA's Technical Committee, said that while the qualifying campaign had gone through some rough patches they still had confidence Stielike would get them through to the 2018 finals.
"We've decided to trust Stielike once more," Yonhap News quoted Lee as saying at a news conference. "The national team had hard times in the past, but they've always overcome the difficulties and advanced to the World Cup in the end.
"I don't think it's right to judge Stielike by one or two matches," Lee added. "We decided to trust Stielike based on all he has done so far."
The Koreans, who are bidding to appear at a ninth consecutive World Cup finals, are second in Group A with three games remaining, trailing group leaders Iran by four points and just a point ahead of Uzbekistan in third.
The top two teams gain automatic berths at the World Cup next year while the third-placed team goes into a playoff.
Korea has a perfect home record in the group with one-goal wins over China, Qatar, Uzbekistan and Syria.
However, away from home it is a different story, with defeats to China and Iran and a draw with the Syrians (held in Malaysia for security reasons), all without scoring a single goal.
Last month's 1-0 defeat in China sparked an outpouring of anger at the national team, with most of the criticism directed at Stielike.
The German apologised to South Korea fans for the defeat and promised improvements from his side in their next game but a nervy 1-0 victory in Seoul over Syria, ranked 95th in the world, prompted calls for him to be fired.
The Koreans travel to Doha to face Qatar in June before hosting Iran at the end of August. They then face a potentially make-or-break trip to Tashkent to face Uzbekistan in the final group fixture in September.
(Writing by Peter Ruthford; Editing by John O'Brien)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Did you hear the one about the hugely successful Hollywood producer who subjected himself to the uncertainties and meager pay of stand-up comedy?
No punchline follows for Judd Apatow, just the chance to reconnect with a youthful dream of excelling at one of entertainment's riskiest ventures: Revealing yourself to an audience and praying for laughs, not flop sweat. The result is "Judd Apatow: The Return," a Netflix special debuting Tuesday in which Apatow seeks to prove his chops as a comedian.
"When I was a kid, stand-up was all I wanted to do. Everything else was a weird offshoot of my desire to do stand-up," he said. A growing demand for his comedy writing services got in the way, along with a frank self-evaluation.
"I thought there were people who seemed much better at it (stand-up) than me, and I didn't want to be in the middle of the pack," he said. "I was able to write jokes for Roseanne, for Jim Carrey, and I noticed they performed them better than me."
Advertisement
Instead, he joined his writing skills with directing and producing, racking up impressive credits on TV ("The Larry Sanders Show," ''Freaks and Geeks") and on the big screen with movies ("The 40-Year-Old Virgin," ''Knocked Up") that defined the turn-of-the century's ribald comedy zeitgeist. In middle age, he's gained the confidence and, of course, the clout to show what he can do onstage.
"I'm now older, I have stories to tell and more opinions. And it's fun to do when I don't need it to pay more rent," Apatow said. "You don't get paid when you do stand-up."
In the special, the comfortably low-key Apatow cracks wise about marriage, fatherhood and mortality. The comic patter usually hits its targets — which include sexual misconduct, although the show was taped last summer before the Harvey Weinstein scandal and its immense fallout. It's Bill Cosby in the TV hot seat, but Apatow has already proven a vocal critic of the new crop of the accused.
Another, less-fraught theme: How technology is changing child-rearing so fast that parents are scrambling to figure out whether it's healthy for youngsters to spend much of their lives online. "We're all in a wide-eyed panic because there's no information about whether this is helpful and potentially essential for the modern kid or making them unable to read a book," he said.
His daughters, Maude, who is 20 this month, and Iris, 15, were sanguine about giving Apatow some of the material that he's been honing in club appearances.
"They've come and seen me perform over the last two years, so they know all the jokes. ... Iris will always point out that I say the same thing every time. I then say, 'Taylor Swift sings the same songs every time. What do you think we do, write a new act every night?'"
He offered to let his offspring preview the Netflix special and veto anything that made them uncomfortable. "They both said, 'I don't need to see it,'" he said, adding in a knowing dad voice: "Which was not trust, but lack of interest."
The family provides more than fodder for jokes. Leslie Mann, his actress-wife, was a catalyst for how he approaches his work, including collaborations with bold female voices Lena Dunham ("Girls") and Amy Schumer ("Trainwreck").
"My wife is a very talented and strong woman who taught me early on that there's something unfair happening in our business," Apatow said. "She read a stack of scripts and almost every one of them was about men, and all the female parts were getting guys from A to B."
His creative decisions are based on talent, not gender, said Apatow (who has made a point of condemning entertainment industry sexual misconduct).
"I rarely think about whether it's a man or a woman. I love people who have a great story to tell," he said.
Apatow is behind the scenes on a fictional series about the comedy world, star-creator Pete Holmes' "Crashing," which returns for a new season on HBO in January. He's also got a documentary about musical duo Scott and Seth Avett coming next month on HBO, "May It Last: A Portrait of the Avett Brothers."
As Apatow sees it, stand-up bolsters his other work.
"There's something very enjoyable about having an idea in the morning, trying it out that evening and having the direct conversation with the audience. It's really all I ever wanted to do, and I think it makes my writing for film and television better," he said.
___
Lynn Elber can be reached at lelber@ap.org and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/lynnelber .
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Scott Minerd, Chairman of Investments and Global Chief Investment Officer of Guggenheim Partners, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Mark Attanasio, Co-Founder and Managing Partner, Crescent Capital Group LP, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Mitchell Julis, Co-Founder, Co-Chairman and Co-CEO, Canyon Partners, LLC, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Former Vice President Joe Biden speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Michael Milken speaks at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
NEW YORK Top investment fund managers at the Milken Institute Global Conference this week said they had little choice but to focus on unusual and complicated corners of the financial markets as stock markets have risen and interest rates remain low.
"If you look out there and you have a few shekels you'd like to put to work, it's hard to figure out how to do that on an attractive risk-return basis," said David Hunt, president and chief executive officer of Prudential Financial's $1 trillion investment management unit PGIM.
Hedge fund and private equity fund managers gathered at the Beverly Hilton hotel for the annual event detailed a wide variety of ways they are hunting for better returns than what more generic investments, like U.S. government bonds, can offer.
Troubled European loans continue to be an attractive opportunity, Ilfryn Carstairs, co-chief investment officer of $12 billion Värde Partners, said in an interview. His firm has been active in debt of struggling real estate developments in Spain, and also lending to companies involved with commodities, such as San Antonio, Texas-based Lilis Energy Inc (LLEX.O), which hunts for and produces oil and gas.
"It's a market where you need to look for illiquidity and complexity," Carstairs said.
Mitchell Julis, co-CEO of $20 billion credit specialist Canyon Partners LLC, said he looks for "gaps and cracks in the system" of corporate finance where companies cannot access capital through high yield bonds or other more traditional mechanisms.
Steven Tananbaum, chief investment officer of $25 billion credit firm GoldenTree Asset Management LP, told Reuters on the sidelines of the Milken event that he preferred idiosyncratic bets such as the bonds of Pemex, the Mexican state-owned oil company, or the debt issued by La Rioja, a province in Argentina.
But, overall, managers described the process of finding lucrative investments as a struggle.
"We are grinding it out every day, either squeezing basis points of extra yield in our public portfolios or making an extra call to source a private transaction," said Mark Attanasio, managing partner of $24 billion credit investment firm Crescent Capital Group LP.
Several big investors urged caution, arguing that stocks appear fully priced and bond markets may be poised for a correction.
GoldenTree has more of its portfolio in cash than normal as it waits for opportunities to invest at lower prices, Tananbaum said.
Scott Minerd, global chief investment officer at $260 billion Guggenheim Partners, recommended investors take money out of the stock market and either hold cash or add infrastructure plays to their portfolios.
Oliver Wriedt, co-CEO of $13.7 billion private debt firm CIFC LLC, said the risk-return measures of high-yield bonds were unattractive compared to leveraged loans. "The bond market is vulnerable to a price correction," Wriedt told Reuters.
Whatever the risk, large investors at Milken seemed resigned that there just wasn't much to do.
"Our biggest challenge," said Prudential's Hunt, "is that markets are pretty fully priced around the globe."
(Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne in Beverly Hills, Calif.; Additional reporting by Svea Herbst, Olivia Oran and Michael Flaherty; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra, Bernard Orr)
Look what I found on Internet. @chrisgayle333 You are such a good Dancer.
A post shared by Sapna Choudhary (@itssapnachoudhary) on Apr 22, 2018 at 11:41pm PDT
Rehana Khursheed Hashmi, 75, migrated from India with her family in 1960 and whose relatives, live in India, speak with her grandson Zain Hashmi, 19 while looking family photo album at her residence in Karachi, Pakistan August 7, 2017.
KARACHI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - As India and Pakistan prepare to celebrate 70 years of independence from Britain next week, thousands of families in the nuclear-armed neighbours remain divided by a border that strained diplomatic ties make harder to cross.
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since 1947, and relations remain tense, particularly when it comes to the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which both claim in full.
"The people who have migrated are not able to come to India, nor can we go there freely," said Asif Fehmi, a resident of a New Delhi neighbourhood where thousands of Muslim families divided by Partition have blood ties over the border.
"We can't meet them freely, and there was a time when we couldn't talk to them freely."
Fehmi's family was among the millions of people whose lives were disrupted in 1947, after departing British colonial administrators ordered the creation of two countries - one mostly Muslim and one majority Hindu.
A mass migration followed, marred by violence and bloodshed, as about 15 million Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs, fearing discrimination, swapped countries in a political upheaval that cost more than a million lives.
During the chaotic transition, train cars full of bodies arrived at railway stations in the twin cities of Lahore and Amritsar in the province of Punjab, split roughly down the middle at partition on August 14, 1947.
Many survivors of the bloodshed found themselves separated from family on the other side of a hastily drawn-up border.
Rehana Khursheed Hashmi, 75 (2nd L) migrated from India with her family in 1960 and whose relatives, live in India, prepare pan (beetle leaf) while sitting with her grandsons and daughter in-law at her residence in Karachi, Pakistan August 7, 2017. Akhtar Soomro
"I was unable to understand what Partition was, because I was not old enough," said Rehana Hashmi, 75, whose family migrated from India to Pakistan's southern city of Karachi in 1960. "My brother told me that India and Pakistan had emerged."
The move to Pakistan, when Hashmi's father retired from a career in India's railways, left behind many close relatives, but they kept in touch.
When Hashmi's husband, Khurshid, died in 1990, bringing to a close a 26-year-long marriage, his first cousin, Asif Fehmi, sought a Pakistani visa to attend the funeral.
Slideshow (3 Images)
"I knew some people in the Pakistan embassy," said Fehmi. "I finally got the visa, but when I reached there, it was already over. So, at a time when we should have been there, we weren't."
Both sides of the family long to be closer, with ties unimpeded by travel curbs or poisoned by nationalist bluster.
But the mutual suspicion between the two countries creates unwarranted barriers for families wrenched apart by history, Fehmi added.
Hostilities have intensified since a series of bombings and shootings in India's financial capital of Mumbai in 2008, and an attack on its parliament in 2001, both of which India blamed on militant groups based in Pakistan.
Pakistan has repeatedly accused India of aggressive lobbying in Washington and among the nations of Southeast Asia, aimed at isolating it internationally.
For the Hashmis and the Fehmis, as for thousands of other families, the quarrelling has meant fewer visits across the border.
March 28 Future Corp :
* Says it plans to acquire 100 percent stake in Matchalarm Inc on March 31
* Says the acquisition price is not disclosed
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/J4fh6K
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A trader sits in front of the computer screens at his desk at the Frankfurt stock exchange, Germany, June 29, 2015. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
LONDON/MILAN Merger and acquisition activity among drugmakers led otherwise flat markets in Europe on Monday, while Banco Popular hit a record low after saying it would raise more capital.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index and Britain's FTSE 100 .FTSE were little changed, while Germany's DAX .GDAXI inched 0.05 percent lower.
European shares joined a global stock market rally at the end of last year on growing optimism over the economic outlook, but caution has grown in recent weeks as the first-quarter earnings season approaches and doubts over a fiscal stimulus in the United States emerge.
"Markets continue to struggle to break out from their main ranges," said Alessandro Balsotti, fund manager at JCI Capital in Milan. "In the last two sessions, potential political, monetary and economic triggers were not missing but the effect on the various asset classes hasn't been significant."
The STOXX has gained just 0.1 percent over the past seven sessions - a significant slowdown since the gains it saw after the election of U.S. President Donald Trump.
On Monday, German drugmaker Stada (STAGn.DE) soared 11 percent, leading gainers on the STOXX index and hitting a record high. The company said it would support a takeover offer from Bain Capital and Cinven of 66 euros per share, valuing the company at about 5.32 billion euros.
"We believe this is very generous to Stada's shareholders and recommend they accept the offer," James Vane-Tempest, equity analyst at Jefferies, said in a note.
While financial services were top gainers, banks were among the worst-performing stocks.
Spain's Banco Popular (POP.MC) was the top faller, down 9.6 percent after its chief executive said the bank was contemplating a second capital hike to clean up its balance sheet, which contains toxic real estate assets, and that a merger was possible.
"If POP were to consider raising additional equity, it is likely in our view that investors would want to see best-in-class coverage / capital ratios, pushing an equity raise to at least €4.1bn," said KBW banking analyst Daragh Quinn.
Peer Caixabank (CABK.MC) was also down 3 percent, a top faller. Spain's IBEX .IBEX underperformed peers, down 0.9 percent.
Fresenius (FREG.DE) gained 0.8 percent after saying it was in talks with the generic drugmaker Akorn (AKRX.O) for a potential takeover.
While Fresenius said there could be no assurance a deal would result from the talks, one trader in Frankfurt said a key question was how the group would pay for the possible acquisition. "Capital hike or not?" he said.
Barclays fell 0.2 percent after news that British regulators were investigating the bank and its CEO, Jes Staley, over the handling of a whistleblowing incident.
(Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Larry King)
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ningbo Jifeng Auto Parts Co Ltd
* Says it was recognized as high-tech enterprise again and could enjoy a tax preference of 15 percent, from 2017 to 2019
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/47nSi2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS French electrical components maker Schneider Electric (SCHN.PA) has agreed to sell agricultural information company Telvent DTN to private Swiss group TBG AG in a deal worth around $900 million (718.05 million pounds) based on enterprise value, Schneider said on Monday.
Schneider Electric said it expected to close the transaction in the second quarter of this year, and would use the proceeds from the sale to finance a share buyback program worth around 1 billion euros ($1.07 billion) over a two-year period.
Telvent DTN last reported revenues of $213 million, but Schneider had decided that it was no longer a core part of its company following a strategic review of its businesses.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Adrian Croft)
LONDON IranAir has signed a contract to buy 20 planes from turboprop maker ATR, Iranian deputy transport minister was quoted as saying on Monday.
The deal comes after Iran, which had not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, signed contracts with Europe's Airbus (AIR.PA) and U.S. rival Boeing (BA.N) last year to purchase about 180 jets.
That became possible after an agreement between Iran and six major powers lifted most international sanctions imposed on Tehran, in exchange for Iran curbing its nuclear program.
ATR is joint-owned by France-based Airbus and Leonardo SIFI.MI of Italy.
"The contract between IranAir and ATR to buy 20 ATR 72-600 aircraft has been signed by the officials of both countries," Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan was quoted as saying by ISNA.
A basic deal for the purchase of 20 airplanes, with options for another 20, was reached several weeks ago but negotiations dragged on over an agreement for maintenance and spare engines between IranAir and engine supplier Pratt & Whitney Canada, owned by U.S. aerospace group United Technologies (UTX.N).
It was not immediately clear whether Fakhrieh-Kashan was referring to the underlying aircraft contract or the final package including the engine deal.
ATR was not immediately available for comment, but on Sunday a spokesman said, "We are still working on finalising the deal."
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin in London and Tim Hepher in Paris, editing by Louise Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanxi Xinghuacun Fen Wine Factory Co Ltd 600809.SS>:
* SAYS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER PLANS TO SELL ABOUT 11.45 PERCENT STAKE IN THE COMPANY TO CHINA RESOURCES' AFFILIATE, NO AGREEMENT SIGNED YET
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FAQNY0 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 13 Infosys Ltd
* March quarter profit 35.62 billion rupees
* Recommended a final dividend of INR 14.75 per equity share for the financial year ended March 31, 2017
* Says appointed Ravi Venkatesan, independent director as the co-chairman of the board
* Says board reviewed and approved a revised capital allocation policy of the company
* Says board has identified an amount of up to 130 billion rupees to be paid out to shareholders during financial year 2018
* Effective from FY 2018, co expects to payout up to 70% of free cash flow of corresponding fy in such manner as may be decided by board
* March quarter consol profit 36.03 billion rupees
* March quarter consol revenue from operations 171.20 billion rupees
* Consensus forecast for March quarter consol profit was 35.67 billion rupees
* Consol profit in March quarter last year was 35.97 billion rupees as per IND-AS; consol revenues from operations was 165.50 billion rupees
* Says FY 18 revenue guidance at 6.5%-8.5% in constant currency. FY 18 operating margin guidance at 23%-25%
* FY 18 operating margin guidance at 23%-25%
* Says net employee addition 601 in March quarter Source text: bit.ly/2oupjxB Further company coverage:
March 31 Central China Land Media Co Ltd :
* Says its wholly owned Henan-based unit plans to set up a unit in Kyrgyzstan, named as Culture Exchange Center of Central Plain
* Says co plans to pay cash div 1.8 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/7MjWK4 ; goo.gl/yKSule
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Chiba, JAPAN Toshiba Corp shareholders agreed to split off its prized NAND flash memory unit on Thursday, paving the way for a sale to raise at least $9 billion to cover U.S. nuclear unit charges that threaten the conglomerate's future.
Coming a day after Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy, the extraordinary general meeting saw angry shareholders vent at CEO Satoshi Tsunakawa, with one noting that managers had only last year described the chip and nuclear businesses as core units at the conglomerate.
"How can something that was supposed to be a pillar turn into a hole," said the shareholder, asking Tsunakawa about the company's nuclear business.
"Toshiba has become a laughingstock around the world. You have no clue what's going on," shouted another.
Toshiba, which expects to book an annual net loss of 1 trillion yen ($9 billion) for this business year on a writedown at Westinghouse, has said it is selling most or even all of a unit that is the world's second-biggest producer of NAND chips.
Initial bids for the sale closed on Wednesday.
A source with knowledge of the planned sale said that about 10 potential bidders are interested. Those suitors include Western Digital Corp which operates a chip plant with Toshiba in Japan, Micron Technology Inc, South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc and financial investors.
The government-backed Innovation Network Corporation of Japan, and Development Bank of Japan are expected to enter later bidding rounds as part of a consortium, sources have said, declining to be identified as they were not authorized to speak on the matter publicly.
A separate source said that Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer, is expected to place an offer which is likely to be the highest bid. Other sources have said the Japanese government is likely to block a sale to Foxconn due to its deep ties with China.
While the vote, which won the backing of more than two-thirds of shareholders, and the bankruptcy filing by Westinghouse are steps forward in Toshiba's struggle to stay in business, its woes are far from over.
Toshiba, which bought Westinghouse in 2006 for $5.4 billion now faces months of complex negotiations over the fate of its U.S. nuclear business, a discussion that could embroil the U.S. and Japanese governments.
The U.S. government has guaranteed loans of $8.3 billion loan to help finance some the construction of four reactors in the United States.
Putting American taxpayers on the hook for any losses related to Westinghouse's failure would be an embarrassment for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, particularly if the debacle sparks criticism from President Donald Trump of Japanese corporations in the United States.
During talks in Washington this month Japan's Trade Minister Hiroshige Seko agreed to share information on developments with his U.S. counterparts Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Senior officials from both countries will get a chance to discuss Toshiba further in April when Vice President Mike Pence visit for bilateral economic talks. Ross will travel with Pence, according to a Japanese government official with direct knowledge of preparations.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
MUMBAI, April 28 India's Federal Bank, a mid-sized private sector lender, is targeting a net interest margin of 3.25 percent in the fiscal year that began in April by focusing on growing its books, improving loan recovery and deposit portfolio, its chief executive officer said.
The bank's net interest margin improved to 3.42 percent in the January-March quarter from 3.31 percent a year earlier, Managing Director and CEO Shyam Srinvasan told Reuters after the release of its results on Friday.
Federal Bank's net profit rose sharply to 2.57 billion rupees ($39.98 million) in the March quarter from 102.6 million rupees in the same period a year earlier on the back of lower loan slippages and provisioning and strong net interest income.
"Balance sheet has been consistently growing and slippages well contained, naturally profitability has increased," Srinivasan said.
The lender, which saw a 25 percent credit growth in the 2016/17 fiscal year ended March, aims to grow its books across segments including retail and corporate lending along with lower loan slippages in the current fiscal, he said. ($1 = 64.2800 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
The world champion Black Ferns are reportedly in line for a huge financial windfall, as a new collective agreement is close to being finalised with New Zealand Rugby.
Following the success of the team at last year's Women's World Cup, calls have grown louder for pay equality between the men's and women's game, allowing for the Black Ferns to become fully professional as athletes.
It is understood that the new deal - negotiated between New Zealand Rugby and the NZ Rugby Players Association - will also see the victorious stars from last year's receive a payment in the region of $10,000 each in back pay, allowing for retired players such as captain Fiao'o Fa'amausili and Carla Hohepa benefit, Fairfax reported.
More aspects of the new deal will see players placed on retainer contracts, allowing them to fully commit to playing the game at the highest level.
According to Fairfax, regular international matches for the Black Ferns is another detail to be included, as well as training and development camps for players to attend.
April 5 X Fab Silicon Foundries Ev
* Announces results of its IPO
* Final price of offer is set at 8.00 euros ($8.52) per share; total amount of offer is about 400 million euros and may be increased to 440 million euros
* About 250 million euros in new shares have been placed and market cap of x-fab amounts to about 1.05 billion euros Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9388 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple fighting to keep their flower shop at Moor Street railway station have sent a petition to Chiltern Railways after gathering more than 12,000 signatures.
Alan and Jackie Harley have just weeks to keep the stand which they launched as they searched for a focus to work through the death of their youngest son.
They are running an online petition to keep the kiosk, which they took over six years ago.
The petition was handed to a representative from the train operating company on Wednesday ahead of a management meeting.
Buoyed by support from customers, the couple intend to contact managing director David Penney weekly and to continue to gather signatures for the Change.org campaign.
Alan said: “I'm overwhelmed by the reaction. We must have had thousands of kind comments left on the petition and on the Birmingham Mail's report and Facebook.
“It's overwhelming, it's Birmingham at it's best.”
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The couple had traded seven days a week after taking over a vacant shed in the concourse, but say they have been told by Chiltern Railways and a management company to provide some services for free in order to continue with the lease.
Following a meeting at the end of last year, they were given until February 27 to close the business and fear that a combination of age and limited opportunities in their industry will make it virtually impossible to find jobs.
Mr Harley said: “The customers have said so many nice things and brought back so many memories of things we've said and done. It's not just been from Birmingham, it's been from around the world. We've had comments from Australia, New York and Nigeria and they are still flooding in. It's the people who have spoken, the people who get off the train and say ‘I'll have a quick bunch for my mum's birthday' or another special occasion.”
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
Mr Harley, 56, and his wife took over the stand after losing their son Jacob in December 2009, turning it into what they say is Birmingham's largest small florist.
They also took responsibility for flower containers and arrangements around the precincts, providing the plants at cost price, and carried out similar work at Banbury and Marylebone stations under agreements with Chiltern Railways.
“We were asked to provide all the plants and compost and to maintain the containers for free, which we reckon in maintenance and labour alone would work out at about £15,000 a year,” Mr Harley said.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
“Next thing we know we're being told that if we don't provide it for free, the shop would be put out for tender.
“We tried to negotiate and provide proper quotes, but we were given notice a week or so later.
“Losing the shop will put us into bankruptcy.
“It's not like we can go and find work straight away at our age, especially with the floristry and horticultural trades having been so degraded by the supermarket chains.
“We had a good location but we didn't make vast amounts of money, what we made was a living.”
The couple, from Kings Heath, claims the problems began around three years ago when asset management company Travel Point Trading began collecting their rent, and tried to raise the charge, which they successfully resisted.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
Travel Point, which is owned by infrastructure giant Amey, is thought to act on behalf of Chiltern, but the train company would not shed light on the firm's role in line with its policy of not commenting on individual cases.
The couple claim a station manager who took over for Chiltern in December 2016 wanted them to provide flowers and compost and look after the containers for free, which they had previously done at reduced cost.
Jackie, 58, said: “I'm very upset and shocked. I just can't believe that after all the work we have done over the past six years and the good relationship we had with Chiltern Railways that it is all going to waste. We had put so much time and energy into it and had built up a community at the station with the staff and customers.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
“There was no questioning or negotiating with their decision.
“I'm just in complete shock.”
The couple took on the stand after Mr Harley and his eldest son, Joel, spotted the kiosk at Moor Street station around a year after Jacob died.
They put up displays of cacti, house, garden and other plants and the shop featured in the background of Channel 5's The Gadget Show and a BBC spy drama.
The traders, who also have an adult daughter, want to renew a six-year lease at a comparable rate to other small business owners in Birmingham.
A spokesperson for Chiltern Railways said previously: “As a business we can't comment on individual cases, however Chiltern Railways aims to provide a wide and interesting selection of appropriate retail facilities at our stations that are able to serve customers year-round.
“Many tenants across the route are small, independent businesses and we are proud of the success that they have achieved.
“Chiltern is a responsible landlord and as a commercial business we work with tenants to ensure a high-quality service is delivered.”
The Birmingham Mail has approached Chiltern for further comment about the petition.
*Find the petition here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WATCH: Ferry traffic is expected to be busy all weekend. And preparation is everything when travelling. Mary Griffin reports.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Mid-day Friday, there was a lineup into the BC Ferries terminal building at Swartz Bay. The Thanksgiving weekend is one of the busiest of the year. Many waiting at the Swartz Bay terminal for the 2 p.m. sailing were taking the wait in stride.
University students are part of the long weekend rush home, according to B.C. Ferries spokesperson Deborah Marshall.
"This traditionally is our busiest weekend of the year for foot traffic passengers. So, we do expect to see some foot passenger overloads on our major routes," Marshall said.
Many savvy travellers made reservations days ago. But what many in line may not know is the further ahead you reserve, the more you'll save. It's $10 for a reservation made seven or more days in advance, $17 for less than seven days, and whopping $21 for same travel.
Adding to the pressure is the absence of the Spirit of British Columbia. One of the two biggest ships in the fleet, it's en route to Poland for a mid-life refit, Marshall said.
"The Coastal Celebration is sailing in place of the Spirit of British Columbia. Basically, over the course of the day it would amount to one sailing," Marshall said. "So, we have added extra sailings to make up for that."
Despite the traffic, some prefer to chance it after all.
BC Ferries expects to reach capacity with foot passengers on Monday afternoon as everyone heads back to the island. That may result in cut-offs for passengers walking on to the ferry from the mainland. A midnight sailing is available Friday night and Monday night.
That's in addition to a 6 a.m. Monday morning sailing, all on the Tsawwassen-Swartz Bay run.
PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - January 02, 2017) - (TSX: SEV) Spectra7 Microsystems Inc. ("Spectra7" or the "Company"), a leading provider of high-performance analog semiconductor products for virtual reality, augmented reality, data center and other connectivity markets announced today that its Chief Executive Officer, Raouf Halim, will present at the 19th Annual Needham & Company Growth Conference on Tuesday, January 10, 2017 at the Lotte New York Palace Hotel in New York City, NY. Mr. Halim will present at 1:30PM ET (10:30AM PT) and will be available for one-on-one meetings the same day. The Needham Growth Conference is an invitation-only three day conference and is one of the largest growth stock investment conferences in the country. Mr Halim's live presentation will be available via webcast at the regularly scheduled presenting time and will remain active for 90 days post event at http://wsw.com/webcast/needham79/sev
ABOUT SPECTRA7 MICROSYSTEMS INC.
Spectra7 Microsystems Inc. is a high performance analog semiconductor company delivering unprecedented bandwidth, speed and resolution to enable disruptive industrial design for leading electronics manufacturers in virtual reality, augmented reality, data centers and other connectivity markets. Spectra7 is based in Palo Alto, California with design centers in Markham, Ontario, Cork, Ireland, and Little Rock, Arkansas. For more information, please visit www.spectra7.com.
CAUTIONARY NOTES
Certain statements contained in this press release constitute "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release, including, without limitation, those regarding the Company's future financial position and results of operations, strategy, proposed acquisitions, plans, objectives, goals and targets, and any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "aim", "intend", "plan", "continue", "will", "may", "would", "anticipate", "estimate", "forecast", "predict", "project", "seek", "should" or similar expressions or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts but instead represent only the Company's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from what is expressed, implied or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to the risk factors discussed in the Company's annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the interim MD&A for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Management provides forward-looking statements because it believes they provide useful information to investors when considering their investment objectives and cautions investors not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this press release are qualified by these cautionary statements and other cautionary statements or factors contained herein, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, the Company. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise them to reflect subsequent information, events or circumstances or otherwise, except as required by law.
(Reuters) - Wall Street stocks gave up early gains on Thursday as bond yields rose and technology stocks retreated ahead of a host of high-profile earnings.
It has been a rocky week for Wall Street with mostly robust earnings met by rising bond yields as world central banks back away from easy monetary policy. The benchmark S&P 500 stock index is on track for its first weekly decline in five.
The Federal Reserve held the fed funds target rate steady on Wednesday but indicated it was concerned about inflation rising.
“Inflation on a 12-month basis is expected to move up this year and to stabilize” around the Fed's 2.0 percent target over the medium term, the central bank said in a statement following a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday.
U.S. Treasury yields continued to climb after economic indicators seemed to confirm the Fed's inflation views.
Initial claims for U.S. unemployment benefits were below expectations, indicating a tight labor market, while U.S. Institute of Supply Management data showed prices paid by U.S. factories hitting a near 7-year high, and fourth-quarter labor costs increased by 2.0 percent, adding to inflation concerns.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 37.32 points, or 0.14 percent, to 26,186.71, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 1.83 points, or 0.06 percent, to 2,821.98 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 25.62 points, or 0.35 percent, to 7,385.86.
Banks, which benefit from higher interest rates, led the S&P 500 financials .SPSY to a 1.0 percent gain, with Goldman Sachs helping to push the Dow into positive territory.
Of the 11 major sectors of the S&P 500, four posted gains.
Other notable stock movers included eBay (EBAY.O), up 13.8 percent after its earnings report, and its announcement that it would move away from PayPal (PYPL.O) as its main payments partner. PayPal shares slid 8.1 percent.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., January 31, 2018. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
UPS (UPS.N) was down 6.1 percent after it reported fourth-quarter profit that was hurt by higher holiday season shipping costs. The company was the second-biggest percentage loser on the S&P 500.
Analysts see fourth-quarter S&P 500 company earnings growth of 14.9 percent, up from 12 percent expected on January 1. So far, of 227 companies that have reported, 79.7 percent have come in above Street estimates.
“Earnings are going very well, it demonstrates that the dramatic cut in corporate taxes are helping every one in terms of profitability,” said Stephen Massocca, Managing Director at Wedbush Securities in San Francisco.
High-profile tech companies reported after the closing bell.
Amazon.com (AMZN.O) was up over 6.0 percent in after hours trading after results.
Alphabet (GOOGL.O) was down nearly 3.0 percent in extended trade after its quarterly earnings.
Apple (AAPL.O) down about 1.0 percent in after hours trading after posting results.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.24-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.01-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 29 new 52-week highs and 9 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 66 new lows.
Volume on U.S. exchanges was 7.80 billion shares, above the 7.23 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.
April 6 (Reuters) -
* Ontario finance minister says in a letter sent to Canada's Finance Minister Bill Morneau any future action on housing must ensure stability of market and not negatively impact homeowners, province's economy
* Ontario finance minister says has been in touch with federal finance minister's office, to host meeting in Toronto as soon as possible Further coverage: (Reporting By Leah Schnurr)
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
Fans are pictured at WrestleMania 33 at the Orlando Citrus Bowl in Orlando, Florida, United States in this April 2, 2017 handout photo. WWE/Handout via REUTERS
WWE Superstar the Undertaker walks toward the ring at WrestleMania 33 in Orlando, Florida, United States in this April 2, 2017 handout photo. WWE/Handout via REUTERS
WWE Inc, owner of the sports entertainment spectacle WrestleMania, has launched a strategy to stage all of its live touring franchises in one city at a time, in a bid to cut costs and improve profitability.
In addition to WrestleMania, the WWE will use its so-called “takeover” strategy for other wrestling events like Summerslam, Survivor Series and The Royal Rumble, providing a four-to-five day live series each quarter. Still, WWE will need to demonstrate it can continue to draw large crowds over the multi-day stretch.
The WWE is coming off a weekend where it sold out five consecutive nights in Orlando, including WrestleMania at the Citrus Bowl, with records for that stadium's attendance of 75,245 fans and its revenue of $14.5 million.
Over a five-day stretch that began last Friday the WWE brought in more than 120,000 fans to the city. The other four shows were at the Amway Center.
Previously, WWE would typically hold events that followed one of their major events in nearby cities, as the quick turnaround time does not allow them to travel far.
WWE's live event business is its third-largest source of revenue, grossing $144.4M in 2016. Holding multiple live events in one location will increase profitability by streamlining ticket sales and paring down costs, since the ring and set don't have be taken apart and moved, the company said.
Robert Routh, an analyst for FBN Securities said WWE's plans to stage multiple live events in one city may lift revenue, but concluded it is too early to tell.
“The jury remains out on this,” he said.
Putting on the extravagant shows is complicated. For WrestleMania alone, 100 semi-tractor trailer trucks were needed to ferry equipment to Orlando and two weeks were needed to construct the set which included a super-sized ring.
WWE's live events are also key to growing overseas in marketing including China, a market the WWE is eager to break into.
Nearly a third of the WWE's $729 million in 2016 revenue came from international, said chief brand officer Stephanie McMahon.
Operating income for their live event business fell 15 percent in the fourth quarter to $6.2 million, while revenue grew 17 percent to $38.6 million in the same period, mainly due to 21 additional events since the previous year.
"We are constantly evaluating that model,” McMahon said, noting they want to stage more events in China to give more exposure to the Chinese nationals they signed last year. “We're nowhere near the same kind of penetration that we are in other markets."
(This version of the story was refiled to correct attendance figure in 5th paragraph)
(Reporting by Tim Baysinger; editing by Anna Driver and Alden Bentley)
LONDON, March 28 British retailer John Lewis on Tuesday gave the following sales figures for the latest week compared with a year earlier. Week to March 25 8 weeks to March 25 Total sales -9.8 pct -1.0 pct Dept stores -4.1 pct +0.6 pct Food stores -12.9 pct -2.0 pct John Lewis said the timing of Easter, which fell in this week last year, had distorted sales comparisons at its supermarkets and department stores. (Compiled by Paul Sandle)
MEXICO CITY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mexico has raised the bar on oil contracts in Latin America after sweetening terms to attract international energy firms, luring $93 billion in future investment in the region's first big auction this year.
On Wednesday, Mexico awarded 19 of 29 deepwater blocks on offer, comfortably more than the seven areas expected to be assigned. Anglo-Dutch oil major Royal Dutch Shell emerged as the biggest winner, with nine blocks.
Unique for generous terms such as setting a cap on royalties that oil firms can pledge to the government in bids, Mexico faces off this year with Brazil, Argentina, Ecuador and Uruguay.
They will all hold auctions for oil and gas fields in 2018 that require billions of dollars in investment from foreign firms.
Mexico is due to hold major auctions in March and July.
While Brazil's prolific deepwater presalt oilfields are expected to attract aggressive bidding from oil majors, other regional rivals could be forced to revise the terms of their auctions if Mexico scores another win in its next auction for shallow water areas in March, analysts said.
Argentina and Ecuador have already changed their terms over the past year in preparation for their 2018 auctions. Argentina has lowered labor costs and some taxes, while Ecuador switched to production sharing from service contracts. Oil prices have reached three-year highs near $70 per barrel in 2018, giving the world's top energy companies a cash boost and improving the chances that they will have the funds needed for big-ticket projects in Latin American.
The industry is, however, emerging from a recession that cost tens of thousands of jobs and forced companies to slash spending on expensive projects such as those in deep waters. Oil majors have committed to keeping tight control on costs and will only bid for what they see as the most profitable projects.
Oil executives and industry specialists say the terms on offer in Mexico, as well as the potential for major finds in the country's deep water, made it attractive on Wednesday.
At the auction, the decisive bidding parameter was the cash bonus that firms pledged. Shell won several bids with cash bonuses that drew surprised gasps from an audience mostly made up of executives from bidding firms and members of the media.
Mexico collected $525 million in cash.
While the government has limited its own take at the auction, the estimated $93 billion in investments pledged to develop the blocks auctioned is about 1.5 times greater than the amount involved in the previous eight auctions.
”COMPETITION FOR CAPITAL'
After the government of Mexico started auctioning oilfields in 2015, it tweaked the terms of the bidding process several times, following a historic energy reform that ended state oil firm Pemex's 75-year monopoly over the sector.
The liberalization, the most ambitious plank of President Enrique Pena Nieto's economic policy, started just as oil prices crashed in 2013-2014.
The government had to balance the need for a big enough take for the state to placate opponents of the reform with ensuring there was enough potential profit to attract foreign firms.
“Mexico understood how tough the competition for capital was in a very difficult oil price environment,” consultant Pablo Medina told Reuters.
After failing to award a large number of blocks in previous auctions, the government regarded the results of this week's deepwater bidding round as a success.
As well as the limits on royalties, sweeteners included allowing foreign firms to propose areas to be included in the bidding rounds and relaxing the qualification process.
Mexico also put a stop to “additional investment pledges.” This makes it harder for small companies to win by making unrealistic promises, but further limits the mandatory investment in projects.
“What we are looking for is that the market tells us how big royalty should be and how much government take is possible to achieve,” Salvador Ugalde, head of the Mexican Finance Ministry's Hydrocarbon Income Unit, said Wednesday.
Brazil, which plans a busy auction schedule for 2018, does not expect Mexico's auctions will lower interest in its own offerings, said Marcio Felix, Brazil's oil and gas secretary.
In Brazil's last round in October, Shell and BP were the biggest winners.
“We have a set of companies that have an appetite for a certain type of asset,” Felix told Reuters on Thursday.
MANCHESTER, England, April 20 Manchester United needed an extra-time winner from Marcus Rashford to defeat Anderlecht 2-1 at Old Trafford on Thursday and move into the last four of the Europa League with a 3-2 aggregate victory.
While the victory keeps open a possible path to next season's Champions League for Jose Mourinho's side, it came at a high price with defender Marcos Rojo and forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic both suffering possibly serious knee injuries.
United took the lead in the 10th minute when Paul Pogba played a pinpoint 40-metre low pass to Rashford who, at the second attempt, found Henrikh Mkhitaryan on the edge of the box and the Armenian midfielder drilled home his fifth goal in this season's Europa League.
The Belgians struck back in the 32nd minute. After Youri Tielemans hammered a powerful long-range shot against the bar, Lukasz Teodorczyk got the loose ball stuck under his feet but was able to nudge it into the path of Algerian Sofiane Hanni who drove in the equaliser.
After Ibrahimovic wasted two great chances in the final stages of normal time, the contest went into extra time and Rashford settled the tie with a fine finish early in the second period.
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Toby Davis)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 9 point lower at 7,481.7 on Friday, according to financial bookmakers. * ASTRAZENECA: Array BioPharma Inc on Thursday sued AstraZeneca , accusing the pharmaceutical company of refusing to pay required royalties for a cancer drug after entering into an $8.5 billion collaboration with Merck & Co. * PROVIDENT FINANCIAL: British lender Provident Financial Plc will appoint its interim executive chairman, Malcolm Le May, as the company's new chief executive, Sky News reported on Thursday. * IWG: Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp and Brookfield Asset Management said on Thursday they do not intend to make an offer for IWG Plc, sending shares of the British serviced office provider down more than 20 percent. * BRITAIN INTEREST RATE: After waiting for over 10 years for a Bank of England (BoE) interest rate increase, investors are increasingly expecting another one to come along soon. * OIL: Oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production. * GOLD: Gold prices edged down on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day, with traders looking for any implications for the outlook for U.S. monetary policy over the rest of the year. * The UK blue chip index fell 0.6 percent to a six-week low on Thursday, after Vodafone posted a disappointing trading update and dragged British shares into a third day of losses as outsourcing firms failed to recover after Capita's profit warning during the previous session. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: AstraZeneca PLC Full Year BT Group PLC Q3 Vedanta Resources PLC Q3 Gem Diamonds Ltd Q4 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru)
May 3 Humana Inc
* Humana reports detailed first quarter financial results; reaffirms recent full-year 2017 eps guidance increase
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $2.75
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $7.49
* Sees fy 2017 gaap earnings per share at least $16.91
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.50 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says full-year 2017 eps guidance of at least $16.91 gaap, at least $11.10 adjusted
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $11.03 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A new flags protocol for south Belfast will see only Union and Northern Ireland flags flown during the parading season.
The Ballynafeigh Unionist Forum has agreed a ban on flags that are associated with paramilitaries.
The flags will go up in mid June and be taken down no later than early September.
There will be no more than one flag per lampost and no flag at the lampost nearest to a Catholic Church near Rosetta roundabout.
This is, it seems, a major step towards common sense and good relations.
We say that “it seems” to be such a step because of the erratic way that events and developments have lurched back and forth on such issues, including times at which there is a sensitive use of flags and then other times in which there is a sudden appearance of paramilitary flags in certain locations.
The loyalist thinking behind widespread displays of flags is not in the least hard to understand: there is a perception that communities in which Protestants are in a minority are subject to triumphalist displays of nationalist dominance.
There is a belief that there is a low-level culture war against parades and British symbols.
This feeling was all the more acute after the decision to stop flying the Union flag daily outside Belfast City Hall.
But it is hard to justify the excessive cramming of flags anywhere, except at specific and limited times such as sporting or cultural events when people expect to see bunting.
It is impossible to justify the flying of paramilitary flags, which celebrate terrorism.
Such displays are all the more unacceptable in a mixed area, such as the Ormeau Road.
This decision is by no means the resolution of wide ranging battles over culture and symbols but it is a welcome and notable decision nonetheless.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
May 3 Emerge Energy Services Lp-
* Reg-Emerge Energy Services announces first quarter 2017 results
* Qtrly revenues $ 75.3 million versus. $ 42.6 million
* Emerge Energy Services Lp - net loss improved from $20.8 million for q4 of 2016 to $11.4 million for q1 of 2017
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.32, revenue view $72.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Essentra Plc:
* Trading update
* Trading for financial year to date has been in line with board's expectations
* Like-for-like revenue modestly declined as anticipated,
* Trend in all three divisions in Q1 2017 improved compared with each of previous two quarters
* Component solutions and filter products have entered 2017 on a much more stable footing
* Health & personal care packaging is continuing to receive specific short-term focus and remedial action
* Confirms its expectation for a reduction in group like-for-like revenue and adjusted operating profit in FY 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Editor: Deeptha Sreedhar, +91 80 6749 9214
Global Picture Desk: +65 6870 3775
Global Graphics Desk: + 65 6870 3595
(All times GMT / ET)
Receive this schedule by email:
mediaexpress.reuters.com
TOP STORIES
Australia banking watchdog warns of more curbs on housing
SYDNEY - Australia's banking watchdog says that authorities can and will take further action if needed to stop a debt-fuelled bubble in the country's red-hot housing market. (AUSTRALIA-BANKS/REGULATOR (UPDATE 2), moved, by Jamie Freed and Swati Pandey, 377 words)
BHP declares force majeure on Bowen Basin coal deliveries
SYDNEY - BHP Billiton, the world's biggest exporter of coal used to make steel, declares force majeure for coal deliveries from its mines in Australia's Bowen Basin after a cyclone damaged railway lines, disrupting delivery to ports. (AUSTRALIA-CYCLONE/COAL (UPDATE 1, PIX, TV, GRAPHIC), moved, 299 words)
MARKETS
Asian stocks rise as China gains; oil up on North Sea outage
HONG KONG - Asian stocks rise, helped by a bounce in Chinese shares, though the underlying sentiment was still cautious with investors wary of taking big positions before Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping start their summit on Thursday.(GLOBAL-MARKETS/ (WRAPUP 2), updating throughout the day, by Saikat Chatterjee, 495 words)
Dollar edges up vs yen on 'gotobi' payment date, faces summit pressure
TOKYO - The dollar regains some traction against the yen in Asian trade, but remained under pressure after North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea.(GLOBAL-FOREX, updating throughout the day, 348 words)
Gold steady ahead of Trump, Xi meet; March Fed minutes awaited
Gold prices hold firm near a one-month high hit in the prior session, as appetite for riskier assets eased ahead of a meeting between leaders of the United States and China. (GLOBAL-PRECIOUS/ (UPDATE 1), updating throughout the day, by Sethuraman N R, 410 words)
Oil rises to near 1-month high on gradual tightening of supplies
SINGAPORE - Oil prices climb to one-month high on signs of gradual tightening in a market bloated by years of overproduction that has left storage tanks around the world brimming with unsold fuel.(GLOBAL-OIL/ (UPDATE 1), updating throughout the day, by Henning Gloystein, 421 words)
ECONOMY
China coking coal surges amid shipment disruptions after Cyclone Debbie
MANILA - Chinese coking coal futures jump more than 7 percent to a four-month high amid worries over tighter supply after Cyclone Debbie slammed into top supplier Australia, crippling exports of the steelmaking raw material.(ASIA-IRONORE/ (UPDATE 1), moved, by Manolo Serapio Jr, 414 words)
Gig economy creates ripples in Australia's A$2.1 trln pension pool
SYDNEY - When ride-hailing company Uber started in 2014, Sydney resident Rosalina Kariotakis was among the first drivers to sign up, becoming part of the "gig economy" where freelance work is transforming the traditional job market in step with advances in technology.(AUSTRALIA-GIG/PENSIONS (PIX), moved, by Cecile Lefort, 551 words)
Australia new vehicle sales edge higher in March-VFACTS
SYDNEY - Australian new vehicle sales bounce modestly in March as the timing of the Easter holidays resulted in more selling days compared to the same month last year.(AUSTRALIA-ECONOMY/VEHICLEREGISTRATIONS, moved, 190 words)
COMPANIES
Samsung to ride soaring chip profits in Q1, Galaxy S8 aura in 2017
SEOUL - Record earnings at Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's chip division is set to propel the tech giant's first-quarter profit to a three-and-a-half-year high, and the quarters ahead could be even better if its newest smartphone, Galaxy S8, is a success. (SAMSUNG ELEC-RESULTS/PREVIEW (PIX, GRAPHIC), moved, by Se Young Lee, 494 words)
ChemChina, Syngenta win U.S. antitrust approval for deal
WASHINGTON - The China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, wins U.S. antitrust approval to buy Switzerland's Syngenta AG on condition that it divest three products, the Federal Trade Commission said.(SYNGENTA AG-M&A/CHINA NATL CHEM (UPDATE 2), moved, by Diane Bartz, 305 words)
NZ's Comvita issues profit warning as informal channels to China struggle
WELLINGTON - New Zealand honey exporter Comvita Ltd issues a profit warning due to problems with its informal channels into China, sending its shares down more than 13 percent.(COMVITA-OUTLOOK/(UPDATE 1), moved, 203 words)
NEW YORK (AP) — Best Buy Co., the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer, says it will be handing out bonuses to more than 100,000 employees, joining a list of companies sharing a portion of their windfall from the corporate tax reform law with employees.
The Minneapolis-based chain says that this month it will pay one-time bonuses of $1,000 to full-time workers and $500 to part-time employees.
Company spokesman Jeff Shelman said full-time salaried employees on a bonus plan will not get the extra funds.
Best Buy joins a list of others including Walmart Inc., Walt Disney Co. and Starbucks Corp., adopting measures such as giving out bonuses, enhancing maternity benefits and raising wages in the wake of the tax overhaul.
Advertisement
The Best Buy bonuses were first reported by the Star Tribune in Minneapolis.
French amphibious assault ship Mistral (C) arrives at Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF)'s Sasebo naval base as JMSDF servicemen look on, in Sasebo, Nagasaki prefecture, Japan April 29, 2017, ahead of joint exercises with U.S., British and Japanese forces in waters off Guam. REUTERS/Nobuhiro Kubo
French amphibious assault ship Mistral (L) arrives at Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force's Sasebo naval base in Sasebo, Nagasaki prefecture, Japan April 29, 2017, ahead of joint exercises with U.S., British and Japanese forces in waters off Guam. REUTERS/Nobuhiro Kubo
French amphibious assault ship Mistral arrives at Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force's Sasebo naval base in Sasebo, Nagasaki prefecture, Japan April 29, 2017, ahead of joint exercises with U.S., British and Japanese forces in waters off Guam. REUTERS/Nobuhiro Kubo
French amphibious assault ship Mistral arrives at Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force's Sasebo naval base in Sasebo, Nagasaki prefecture, Japan April 29, 2017, ahead of joint exercises with U.S., British and Japanese forces in waters off Guam. REUTERS/Nobuhiro Kubo
SASEBO As tension spikes on the Korean peninsula, a French amphibious assault carrier sailed into Japan's naval base of Sasebo on Saturday ahead of drills that risk upsetting China, which faces U.S. pressure to rein in North Korea's arms programmes.
The Mistral will lead exercises next month near Guam, along with forces from Japan, the United States and Britain, practicing amphibious landings around Tinian, an island about 2,500 km (1,553 miles) south of the Japanese capital of Tokyo.
The drills, involving 700 troops, were planned before Saturday's test-firing of a ballistic missile by North Korea, in defiance of world pressure, in what would be its fourth successive unsuccessful missile test since March.
Japan and the United States are worried by China's efforts to extend its influence beyond its coastal waters and the South China Sea by acquiring power-projecting aircraft carriers, a concern shared by France, which controls several Pacific islands, including New Caledonia and French Polynesia.
Even as they seek stronger economic ties with China, both France and Britain, which has two navy helicopters aboard the Mistral, are deepening security cooperation with Japan, a close U.S. ally that has Asia's second-strongest navy after China.
The Mistral forms part of an amphibious task force mission, the Jeanne d'Arc, that is "a potent support to French diplomacy," the country's defence ministry said in a statement.
Officials and children's welcome dances greeted the Mistral in Sasebo, on the western island of Kyushu, a major naval base for Japan's Maritime Self Defense Force (MSDF) and the U.S. Navy.
The Mistral, which left France in February, can carry up to 35 helicopters and four landing barges, besides several hundred soldiers. It will stay in Sasebo until May 5.
This month China launched its first domestically-built aircraft carrier. It joined the Liaoning, bought from Ukraine in 1998, which led a group of Chinese warships through waters south of Japan in December.
China's military ambitions, however, have been overshadowed in recent weeks by tension on the Korean peninsula as Pyongyang conducts long-range missile tests, and prepares for a possible sixth nuclear test.
"We did not expect the start of our visit to coincide with a North Korean missile launch, France's ambassador to Japan Thierry Dana said on the Mistral's bridge. "Cooperation between our four nations in upholding laws, peace and stability in the region will display our readiness to deal with North Korea," he added.
In a show of force, the United States has sent the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group to nearby waters, where it will join the USS Michigan, a guided missile submarine that docked in South Korea on Tuesday.
The Carl Vinson entered the Sea of Japan on Saturday, where it completed naval drills with two Japanese warships dispatched from Sasebo, an MSDF spokesman said.
(Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
April 28 Thomson Reuters Corp on Friday reported higher first-quarter revenue and reaffirmed its full-year sales outlook.
The news and information company reported first-quarter net earnings of $314 million or 41 cents per share, compared with $272 million or 34 cents per share a year ago.
Adjusted for special items, earnings were 63 cents per share. (Reporting By Jessica Toonkel; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Are you hoping for a big pay rise this year? Economists have high hopes you'll get one.
Something has to give, right? We're heading into a ninth year of economic growth, unemployment is low and a new Government is lifting minimum wages and threatening to cut immigration.
Inflation – for prices and wages – has been a non-starter for several years now.
The prevailing view is we must finally start to see a bit more of it about as global growth returns to normal.
Advertisement
In fact the consensus about the need for wage inflation is so broad that even many employers are hoping your wages will rise. Just not necessarily your employer, or your wages.
Employers in many industries are struggling to find staff. Skill shortages consistently rate as big concerns in business confidence surveys.
Corporates are hot on creating funky work place environments, working hard to keep staff engaged and happy.
Last week hotel company Marriott International rolled out a novel strategy to attract staff, hosting a recruitment open day in the hopes of recruiting 100 new staff for the Sheraton Hotel that opens soon in Auckland.
Good for them.
Employers' groups also lobby for investment in education reforms and the targeting of more skilled migrants.
Sometimes it can seem like they are struggling to see the elephant in the room.
If you can't get staff to do a job, maybe you need to be paying more.
Unfortunately, that's a bit of an old-fashioned idea.
An economic concept called the Phillips Curve – invented by Kiwi economist Bill Phillips – appears to have broken down.
Phillips applied supply and demand to labour costs. His theory holds that as a period of low unemployment rolls on then labour shortages emerge and wages rise.
If you can't get staff to do a job, maybe you need to be paying more. SHARE THIS QUOTE:
It seemed to be a solid foundation for global capitalism and rising wealth through the 20th century. But since the Global Financial Crisis it has been out of whack.
So why don't employers simply pay more?
To be fair, it's not simple and, along with questions about why price inflation is so sluggish, there is a lot of debate about it.
Businesses are grappling with the same structural challenges as workers. Often they are running on low margins - unable to raise prices even when basic costs like rent and power rise.
Technology – the internet and smart computer systems - are breaking down geographic boundaries and traditional pricing structures. Competition has gone global.
For many businesses margins are squeezed and any wage rises have to be used judiciously to retain and recruit for vital positions. Picture / 123RF
For many businesses putting up prices is not an option. Margins are squeezed and any wage rises have to be used judiciously to retain and recruit for vital positions.
Corporate critics will note wage inflation often seems to be running a bit hotter at executive levels than for the average worker.
However, the Business Herald's chief executive pay survey last year showed even at the top the average rise was only about 3 per cent.
The cost pressures on businesses facing disruption of traditional models – that's most of them – mean the default option is to look to alternative recruitment options.
Can the work be outsourced to cheaper contractors based offshore? Is there a computer programme that will let existing workers build that function into their existing workload?
Often the answer to both questions is yes.
Ultimately, that's why I remain skeptical we'll see wages rise markedly if we rely on cyclical economics.
The big forces of social and technological change are all pressing down on inflation.
Fundamentally lifting the wages of the average New Zealander is going to take a big structural shift.
It's going to require the kind of long-term strategic thinking we're finally starting to apply to such issues as child poverty and the housing shortage.
In fact, there's a link. Ensuring a larger percentage of young New Zealanders are well placed to get a higher education is a great way to lift the average wealth in this country.
More broadly, we need to have a unified national goal of pushing towards a higher wage economy. That means Government, employers and unions working in sync towards a more highly-skilled and productive workforce.
There is a risk we may lose sight of this big picture if increased conflict and tensions rise around employment law reforms this year.
We have a Labour-led Government and with that comes some traditional shifts in legislation.
Employers are worried - as we saw in business confidence surveys late last year - but they have to get over it. We may yet see something like normal wage inflation return if government regulation and spending policies deliver the economy a shot in the arm.
We do need to be careful - as employers' groups warn - about artificially pumping wages in way that simply boosts top line inflation, pushing prices up.
That would leave us with a less efficient economy and workers no better off.
But employers need to play their part if we are to ensure the economy keeps growing.
Productivity needs to be rewarded. Investing in capital is crucial. And productive workers who make businesses hum are the most valuable capital there is.
May 2 Western Gas Partners Lp
* Western Gas announces first-quarter 2017 results
* Western Gas partners lp says net income available to limited partners for q1 of 2017 totaled $5.6 million, or $0.01 per common unit
* Western Gas Partners -total throughput attributable to wes for natural gas assets for q1 of 2017 averaged 3.9 bcf/d, which was 3% below prior quarter
* Western Gas Partners Lp says total throughput for crude/ngl assets for q1 of 2017 averaged 169 mbbls/d, which was 7% below prior quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny attends a hearing after being detained at the protest against corruption and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, at the Tverskoi court in Moscow, Russia March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva/File Photo
MOSCOW Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny is ineligible to run for the Russian presidency next year unless he can overturn a conviction for embezzlement, a senior election official was quoted as saying by Russia's RIA news agency on Wednesday.
Navalny, who says he sees no legal impediment to his presidential run, organised the biggest anti-government protests in years in March, and has become the most prominent opposition challenger to President Vladimir Putin, who is expected to run for what would be a fourth presidential term in March 2018.
Navalny's political plans were complicated in February when a court found him guilty of embezzlement at a retrial of a case which he said was politically-motivated and designed to sabotage his political career.
On Wednesday, a court rejected his appeal and upheld the original conviction which came with a five-year suspended prison sentence. Navalny's legal team said it would now appeal to the European Court of Human Rights.
Allies say that Navalny, a 40-year-old lawyer turned opposition leader, is entitled to run for the presidency next year under the Russian constitution despite the embezzlement conviction.
The law is not explicit on whether he can run, leaving room for interpretation.
Nikolai Bulayev, deputy chairman of Russia's Central Election Commission, told the RIA news agency on Wednesday that Navalny was currently ineligible to run and could only do so if he quashed his conviction via the courts.
"He (Navalny) is already trying to conduct a presidential campaign and, it seems to me, is manipulating people's understanding about how the law, allegedly, does not apply," said Bulayev.
"It's a delusion. If he's doing this deliberately he's deluding other people. For now, as far as I understand, he does not have the right to stand for election and in order to get it he needs to act via the courts. There is no other way."
Navalny says he has lost most of his sight in his right eye after an assailant threw green liquid in his face
If he is allowed to run and is up against Putin, who has not yet confirmed he will stand, opinion polls suggest Navalny will lose by a big margin.
Some analysts believe the Kremlin may ultimately allow Navalny to run in order to boost turnout and create the impression of some genuine political competition.
However, having Navalny on the ballot paper could be an irritant for the Kremlin by providing a focus for anti-Kremlin protests, especially in the big urban centres where Navalny draws most of his support.
Leonid Volkov, a Navalny ally, said on social media on Wednesday that he and fellow activists would fight for their leader's right to run.
"Nobody promised it would be easy," said Volkov. "Navalny has the right to run, but ensuring he is able to exercise it won't be easy."
(Editing by Christian Lowe)
ANKARA Turkey will take the necessary diplomatic and legal steps regarding the arrest of a top banker from Turkey's Halkbank, an adviser to President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday.
An executive from Turkey's fifth-largest listed bank by assets, Halkbank, is accused of conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is already on trial. Turkey's justice minister had said earlier the arrest was a "completely political" move.
Speaking at an interview with broadcaster NTV, presidential adviser Cemil Ertem also said he expected Turkey's economic growth to exceed 2.5 percent in the final quarter of 2016.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
By Lindsey Bever
For the first time, conjoined twins Abby and Erin Delaney can sleep in separate beds.
The 10-month-old girls from North Carolina were born connected at the head, an extremely rare condition.
Following months of planning and preparation, the pair underwent a successful 11-hour separation surgery last week at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in southeastern Pennsylvania, according to the hospital.
Advertisement
"Separating conjoined twins is a very complex surgery followed by a long and complicated recovery, but we are very hopeful for a positive outcome," Jesse Taylor, a plastic surgeon who co-led the operation with neurosurgeon Gregory Heuer, said yesterday in a statement from the hospital.
"Erin and Abby are now recovering in our Pediatric Intensive Care Unit under close monitoring by our expert teams."
With identical twins, an embryo splits in two early in a pregnancy; but with conjoined twins, the embryo does not separate all the way and the twins remain connected, according to the University of Maryland Medical Centre.
Conjoined twins are uncommon, occurring once in about every 200,000 births - and craniopagus twins, those who are connected at the head, are the rarest form, accounting for about 2 per cent of conjoined twins, according to the medical centre.
The severity of the condition depends on how and where the conjoined twins are connected. One expert said that most craniopagus twins do not survive.
Abby and Erin's parents, Riley and Heather Delaney, learned that their girls were conjoined early last year when Heather Delaney was about 11 weeks pregnant.
Although it was too soon to know whether the twins would be able to be separated, Heather Delaney started travelling from North Carolina to Pennsylvania for her prenatal care. Eventually, she moved into a hospital facility in Philadelphia for mothers carrying babies with complex congenital conditions, according to the hospital.
On July 24, 2016, Abby and Erin were delivered by C-section 10 weeks prematurely, each weighing about 2 pounds, the hospital said in a statement.
Doctors there worked on a comprehensive plan to try to separate them.
Alan Cohen, chief of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital, said that he could not comment on the Delaneys' case specifically but that separating craniopagus twins "can be a high-risk surgery".
Cohen said surgeries are done at major medical centres where teams of neurosurgeons, plastic surgeons, anesthesiologists and critical-care physicians spend months studying patients' brain scans and, often, 3-D models "to try to find the safest way to make the disconnection".
"Depending on where the heads are joined and how much they are fused, that determines the complexity of the operation," Cohen said. He added that "the most feared complication of the surgery is how to manage the shared blood vessels - particularly the veins that drain the brain - because usually one twin gets the good veins and the other doesn't."
× Heather and Riley Delaney with their daughters Abby, left, and Erin, earlier this year. Photo / AP Heather and Riley Delaney with their daughters Abby, left, and Erin, earlier this year. Photo / AP
There are also ethical considerations with separation surgery, Cohen said. He said that the twins may not survive the intervention, or sometimes one twin survives and the other does not or is in poor neurological condition.
He said "success" means the surgeons are able to separate the twins, but "in terms of the long-term prognosis, it's usually a long road ahead for the family and the medical team caring for them."
The night before the Delaneys' surgery on June 6, someone posted on a Facebook page set up for the twins. "The girls have a big procedure tomorrow," the post read. "We ask for as many prayers as you can spare. It will be a long day for us."
For days after, the messages asked others to "bear with us" and "keep praying for us".
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia said about 30 doctors, nurses and other medical personnel worked to separate the twins - a first for the hospital. The hospital said it has separated 22 other pairs of conjoined twins over the past 60 years but never a pair of craniopagus twins.
The surgery was meticulously orchestrated: Surgical equipment was colour-coded with green and purple tape - one colour assigned to each patient. The medical team worked essentially on one body - and then once the girls were separated - the team split to care for two.
"During the separation surgery, our team first meticulously separated the infants' shared blood vessels and dura, the tough protective membrane surrounding both brains, then moved on to separate the sagittal sinus, the most difficult portion of the operation," Heuer, the neurosurgeon, said in the statement. "Finally, we divided our team into two halves, one for each of the girls, and finished the reconstruction portion of the surgery."
The hospital said the twins will likely have additional surgeries but plans to send them home later this year.
"When we go home, it's going to be a big party," Heather Delaney said in a statement from the hospital. "Welcome home, baby shower, first birthday."
LONDON Money transfer company Transferwise will move its European headquarters from London to the continent by March 2019, it said on Wednesday, in a blow to Britain as it seeks to hold onto its position as a global hub for the developing fintech sector.
CEO Taavet Hinrikus, who co-founded the company in 2011 in London with fellow Estonian Kristo Kaarmann, told Reuters that the new European office would be set up by March 2019, in time for the end of two years of divorce negotiations between Britain and the European Union.
The global headquarters would remain in London, where the company employs around 120 people, because the UK is its biggest market, Taavet said. But if it was setting up the company now, it would not choose Britain.
"Uncertainty means that maybe if you're building the next fintech business you shouldn't build it in London today, until everything clears up again and we understand what's going to happen with access to talent and so on," he told Reuters on the sidelines of a government-sponsored fintech event in London.
Since last June's vote to leave the EU, other financial and technology centres such as Berlin, Frankfurt, Dublin, Paris and Amsterdam have been touted as potential challengers to London as the main hub for European fintech.
A study by Deloitte this week, though, found that London remained the global number one, for now, along with Singapore.
Transferwise has not yet decided where its new European office will be, Hinrikus said, although it was considering the "usual suspects". The new headquarters would provide jobs that would otherwise have been in Britain, he said.
The main reason for the move was the loss of passporting rights, which give EU companies unfettered access to all of the bloc from a single base.
The company, which is valued at more than $1 billion, is backed by several high profile investors, including Silicon Valley venture fund Andreessen Horowitz, Virgin Group founder Sir Richard Branson, and PayPal co-founders Max Levchin and Peter Thiel.
Customers in more than 50 countries send roughly $1 billion through its website every month.
Hinrikus was speaking at a conference that featured speeches from Bank of England Governor Mark Carney, who said regulators needed to take a light-touch approach to the fintech sector, and UK finance minister Philip Hammond, who said it was important that Britain did not "rest on (its) laurels" when it came to keeping its competitive edge.
"They're all saying the right things but it's one thing to talk and another thing to deliver," Hinrikus said.
He thought London would probably remain a fintech hub for the time being, but had to make sure it was able to attract foreign talent. And the lead Britain's regulators had shown in taking a light-touch approach and starting "sandboxes" for start-ups was being copied elsewhere, meaning the country had to do more to keep its edge.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Huw Jones and John Stonestreet)
PARIS From bank runs to credit crunches, regulators and investors are asking French banks about their preparations for any market ructions that might be caused by Marine Le Pen faring better than expected in the presidential election, banking sources said.
Far-right leader Le Pen has said that if she becomes president she would call a referendum on ditching the euro, dubbed "Frexit", finance state spending through central bank money-printing, force commercial banks to lend small firms and halve the maximum rates that banks can charge clients.
Opinion polls indicate she has a good chance of coming out on top of the first round of voting on April 23, with her share of the vote projected at 25-30 percent. But they see her losing to centrist Emmanuel Macron in a May 7 runoff.
Regulators and investors are unwilling to rule out any surprises following the Brexit and U.S. presidential votes last year which confounded pollsters' expectations.
After French bond yields spiked in February on poll gains by Le Pen, ECB supervisors have sought to ensure banks have fully sized up the risks of the unexpected, four senior bankers told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the political sensitivity of the matter.
"We've been asked what's our plans for different scenarios including Frexit," one of the bankers said.
The ECB declined to comment.
One scenario lenders have been asked about is the possibility of Le Pen scoring higher than predicted in the first round, thus increasing her chances of winning the presidency in the runoff two weeks later.
"For a fortnight we'd be absolutely fine to get through any difficulties," said a second banking executive, speaking about a possible short-term liquidity squeeze in credit markets. The industry could easily weather a bout of brief volatility, the banker added.
Banks are taking the requests in their stride since ECB officials are including the questions in their regular surveillance checks, rather than asking them to separately compile and submit detailed plans.
The lenders are also having to outline their preparations to foreign investors, according to the sources. In some cases they have had to explain how the election process works, with the first round serving to whittle down a wide field of candidates to just two hopefuls, who will contest the runoff.
"Foreign investors are asking a lot of questions. We have to keep explaining that there are two rounds," said a third senior executive at French bank.
Some Paris-based lawyers said they were getting questions from investors about whether it was legally possible for France to dump the euro, how the Frexit process might work and what the state could do if a bank run resulted.
"What's sure is that if there is a risk of a bank run and something needs to be done, the state can do it by decree," one lawyer said, citing the example of Cyprus implementing capital controls when its banks faced collapse in 2013.
Meanwhile, retail French investors are keeping their money liquid with popular tax-free regulated savings accounts seeing large inflows in the last three months, said Pierre-Rene Lemas the head of the state-backed Caisse des Depots, which collects the money deposited in such accounts at banks.
(Additional reporting by Balazs Koranyi in Frankfurt; Editing by Andrew Callus and Pravin Char)
UC Berkeley physicists state that an individual's physical attraction to hot bodies is real.
The blackbody attraction between a hot tungsten cylinder and a cesium atom is 20 times stronger than the gravitational attraction between them. (Holger Müller graphic)
To be clear, the physicists are not talking about sexual attraction towards a “hot” human body.
However, the researchers have demonstrated that a glowing object in fact attracts atoms, opposing to what most people – including physicists – would guess.
The small effect is much similar to the effect a laser has on an atom in a device known as optical tweezers, which are employed for trapping and studying atoms, a discovery that resulted in the 1997 Nobel Prize in Physics shared by former UC Berkeley professor Steven Chu, presently at Stanford, Claude Cohen-Tannoudji and William D. Phillips.
Three years ago, a team of Austrian physicists were the first to predict it, and before that no one believed that regular light, or also just the heat released by a warm object – the infrared glow seen when looking through night-vision goggles – could affect atoms in the same manner.
UC Berkeley physicists, who are skilled at measuring minute forces by employing atom interferometry, planned an experiment to analyze this. The prediction was confirmed when they measured the force applied by the blackbody radiation from a warm tungsten cylinder on a cesium atom.
The attraction is in fact 20 times the gravitational attraction between the two objects, however since gravity is considered to be the weakest of all the forces, the effect on cesium atoms – or any other atom, larger object or molecule – is usually too small to worry about.
It's hard to find a scenario where this force would stand out, It is not clear it makes a significant effect anywhere. Yet. Victoria Xu, Co-author and Graduate Student, Physics Department, UC Berkeley
Even though, gravity measurements become more accurate, they affect this small necessity to be taken into account. The next generation of experiments to sense gravitational waves from space may employ lab-bench atom interferometers instead of the kilometer-long interferometers presently in operation. Interferometers normally incorporate two light waves in order to detect small changes in the distance they have traveled; atom interferometers incorporate two matter waves in order to detect small changes in the gravitational field they have experienced.
This force would also have to be considered for extremely precise inertial navigation employing atom interferometers.
“This blackbody attraction has an impact wherever forces are measured precisely, including precision measurements of fundamental constants, tests of general relativity, measurements of gravity and so on,” said Senior Author Holger Müller, an associate professor of physics. Xu, Müller and their UC Berkeley colleagues published their study in the December edition of the Nature Physics.
Optical tweezers
Optical tweezers operate since light is a superposition of electric and magnetic fields – an electromagnetic wave. The electric field in a light beam allows charged particles to move. In a small sphere or an atom, this can indeed separate positive charges, such as the nucleus, from negative charges, such as the electrons. This produces a dipole, allowing the sphere or atom to act like a small bar magnet.
The electric field in the light wave will then be able to move this induced electric dipole around, just as one can use a bar magnet for shoving around a piece of iron.
Scientists can levitate a bead or an atom to conduct experiments by using more than one laser beam.
Müller's team discovered that with incoherent, weak light, like blackbody radiation from a hot object, the effect is observed to be much weaker, but still there.
The team measured the effect by placing a dilute gas of cold cesium atoms – cooled to three-millionths of a degree more than absolute zero (300 nanoKelvin) – in a vacuum chamber and then launched them upward with a quick pulse of laser light.
Half are provided with an extra kick up towards an inch-long tungsten cylinder glowing at 185 oC (365 oF), while the other half continued to be unkicked. When the two groups of cesium atoms fall and then meet again, their matter waves inhibit, permitting the researchers to measure the phase shift brought about by the tungsten-cesium interaction, thus calculating the attractive force of the blackbody radiation.
People think blackbody radiation is a classic concept in physics – it was a catalyst for starting the quantum mechanical revolution 100 years ago – but there are still cool things to learn about it. Victoria Xu
The research was financially supported by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, National Science Foundation (037166), Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (033504) and National Aeronautics and Space Administration (041060-002, 041542, 039088, 038706, and 036803). Other co-authors include Philipp Haslinger, Matt Jaffe and Osip Schwartz of UC Berkeley, Matthias Sonnleitner of the University of Glasgow, Monika Ritsch-Marte of the Medical University of Innsbruck in Austria and Helmut Ritsch of the University of Innsbruck.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov speaks during a news conference with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson following their talks in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday after holding talks with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that Moscow and Washington broadly agreed that the only solution to a brewing crisis over North Korea was via a political solution.
Lavrov said the two countries had some differences on the issue however which he referred to as potentially significant "nuances."
(Reporting by Denis Dyomkin/Polina Devitt; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
European Central Bank (ECB) President Mario Draghi and vice president Vitor Constancio attend a news conference at the ECB headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany, April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
VALLETTA The vice president of the European Central Bank reiterated on Thursday that the bank's accommodative monetary policy had a wide consensus within the board and that it will stay as it is until the economic situation changes.
"There is a wide consensus around the policies that we have been pursuing," Vitor Constancio told a news conference in Malta.
"There are of course sometimes different nuances, but they are not about the direction of the policies," he said.
He said again that the ECB was "data dependent".
"If the situation shows signs of further improvement then we will reassess our policy stance," he told reporters.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio; Editing by Louise Ireland)
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa's Steinhoff (SNHJ.J) will suspend dividend payouts until after the end of June, it said on Friday, as part of efforts to save money and convince creditors to waive some payments due in coming weeks.
The multinational retailer is fighting for survival after it discovered accounting irregularities in December, sparking a sell-off that has wiped more than $10 billion off its market value.
As part of efforts to persuade lenders back its proposals and waive their rights under its existing European financing arrangements, Steinhoff said it would also likely agree not to undertake any acquisitions or mergers, and cancel any undrawn credit facilities.
“While the company is confident that it will receive sufficient support from its finance providers to obtain these limited waivers, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to reach agreement with its finance providers on acceptable terms or at all,” Steinhoff said.
Steinhoff's top nine banks, with a combined exposure to the retailer of more than 500 million euros, are Commerzbank, Unicredit, Calyon, BNP, JPMorgan, HSBC, Citi, Mizuho and Bank of America.
The company, which has 2 billion euros of its 10.7 billion euro debt maturing this year, said it was still in a position to pay cash interest on its existing debt at a contractual rate, but warned that position remained under constant review.
Steinhoff's accounting problems stretch back to at least the 2015 financial year. It has asked auditors PwC to get to the bottom of the problems.
Separately, the company, which moved its primary share listing from Johannesburg to Frankfurt two years ago, has been under investigation for suspected accounting fraud in Germany since 2015.
It has previously said that investigation relates to whether revenues were booked properly and whether taxable profits were correctly declared.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 5 Cover 50 SpA:
* FY preliminary revenues of about 25.3 million euros ($26.95 million), up 2.2 pct versus 2015
* FY preliminary net profit at around 4.0 million euros, down 1.8 pct versus 2015
* Board is considering to propose a dividend of 0.5 euro per share, unchanged year on year
* FY preliminary results are unconsolidated Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9386 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BEIJING/TAIPEI May 3 China said on Wednesday it was reasonable to have a delegation from self-ruled Taiwan removed from a conference in Australia about conflict diamonds, as Taipei accused Beijing of playing politics for its own ends.
China says Taiwan is part of "one China", ruled by Beijing. It regards the island as a renegade province, ineligible for state to state relations and to be brought under Chinese control, by force if needed, especially if Taiwan moves towards formal independence.
Taiwan says China has stepped up efforts to block its international space and attendance at multilateral forums following the election last year of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party.
Australia's Sydney Morning Herald said the Chinese government delegation shouted over the welcome ceremony and forced the suspension of proceedings at the meeting of the Kimberley Process, and that Taiwan's delegation was later removed.
The Kimberley Process started when southern African diamond-producing states met in Kimberley, South Africa, in 2000 to discuss ways to stop the trade in conflict diamonds. Taiwan was granted observer status in 2007.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the organisers had improperly invited Taiwan to the meeting, which was in violation of the rules and something China had repeatedly complained about ahead of the event.
"But China's reasonable concerns were not respected," Geng said, adding that many others at the meeting supported China's position though got no reaction from the organisers.
China's complaints about the issue during the meeting were in line with the rules and were "reasonable and fair" and supported by many other attendees, he said.
Taiwan denounced the Chinese interference.
"This kind of inappropriateness is a disregard for the host country and all the participants, seriously affecting cooperation on professional issues and we express regret and condemnation," its Foreign Ministry said in a statement late Tuesday.
"China has for a long time used political force to limit our international participation or obstruct our attendance at various professional (meetings), particularly in recent times the pressure is stronger than in the past."
The ministry thanked Australia for its goodwill in inviting Taiwan.
Australia, like most countries in the world, does not have formal diplomat relations with Taiwan, though the two have good economic and business ties. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard and J.R. Wu; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Source: Busted Open
Jim Ross spoke with Busted Open about Samoa Joe and Brock Lesnar's upcoming match at Great Balls of Fire on July 9. About the match, Ross said:
"I believe those two guys are gonna have a whole hell of a lot to say about their presentation in Dallas. I really do. I also believe that each guy is an alpha male. They're going to bring each other their best, there's gonna be locks up that would make some people leave wrestling school. So, I believe Samoa Joe and Brock Lesnar is going to be a classic."
Jim Ross also said he wants to call the match:
"I believe it's going to be a great match, ya know, I've lobbied to call it, like a goof. I will 'Talk for food.' From Oklahoma to Dallas, I can be there in two and half hours."
You can hear the full clip from the interview by clicking here.
Busted Open with hosts Dave Lagreca, Bully Ray & Larry Dallas can be heard weekdays from 2p-4p Eastern Time only on SiriusXM Rush Channel 93 and is available any time on demand on the SiriusXM App.
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit Busted Open with an H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @HeelDoors. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
A Hamburg court spokesman said Tuesday opposition Alternative for Germany (AfD) parliamentarian Alice Weidel and her lawyer would press next Friday for a ruling that Facebook was liable for the remark's continued dissemination.
The Hamburg-based blog Meedia, a subsidiary of the Handelsblatt newspaper chain, said the Facebook post was made by a user last September under a Huffington Post article before Germany's Network Enforcement Act (NetzDG) came into effect, imposing hefty fines on social media which failed to delete content after determining its offensive nature.
Read more: AfD crying censorship
Sharp language is also a Weidel hallmark.
The right-wing populist AfD is the biggest opposition party in the German parliament. In late January, Weidel, the party's co-leader in the Bundestag, complained to Facebook, which reportedly made the remark invisible within Germany, but not to users able to surf anonymously on computer hub servers located abroad.
Weidel's lawyer Joachim Steinhöfel would argue, said Meedia, that Facebook was liable under Paragraph 10 of Germany's Telemedia Act.
It long predates the NetzDG pushed last year by the-then justice minister Heiko Maas, now Germany's Social Democrat (SPD) foreign minister.
Weidel's legal action coincides with widespread outrage among churches and social welfare organizations over a provocative set of questions about persons with disabilities posed recently by AfD parliamentarians, including Weidel, in the federal Bundestag parliament.
ipj/rt (dpa,KNA)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
BERLIN/FRANKFURT, March 30 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.1 percent higher on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0631 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
LINDE
Indicated unchanged
Opposition is growing among worker representatives of German industrial gases group Linde to plans for a merger with U.S. rival Praxair, a letter seen by Reuters shows.
AAREAL BANK
Indicated 1.3 percent higher
Annual report due. The lender published preliminary figures on Feb. 23 and said it expected its 2017 consolidated operating profit to come to 260-300 million euros.
SLM SOLUTIONS
No indication available
SLM said it expected 2017 sales of 110-120 million euros and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 10-13 percent.
SMA SOLAR
Indicated 0.3 percent higher
Annual report due. The group published preliminary figures on Jan. 26 and forecast a decline in its 2017 EBITDA to 70-90 million euros.
BAYWA
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
Full Q4 results due. The group published preliminary figures on March 3, announced a flat dividend and forecast a significant rise in 2017 earnings.
BET-AT-HOME.COM
Indicated 1.1 percent higher
Annual report due. The group published preliminary figures on March 6, forecast 2017 EBITDA of 34-38 million euros and has announced a total dividend of 7.50 euros for 2016.
BIOTEST
Preference shares indicated 3.6 percent higher
Biotest said it was in discussions with China's Creat Group Corp about being taken over for 28.50 euros per ordinary share and 19 euros per preference share in a public tender offer.
Annual report due. The group published preliminary figures on Feb. 16, with EBIT from continuing operations up 73 percent.
ELRINGKLINGER
Indicated unchanged
Full Q4 results due. The automotive supplier published preliminary figures on Feb. 28 and said it would issue guidance for 2017 on March 30.
HHLA
Indicated 8.9 percent lower
The port logistics firm forecast 2017 operating profit (EBIT) in a range of 130-160 million euros.
EX-DIVIDEND
DAIMLER - dividend 3.25 euros/shr
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones -0.2 pct, S&P 500 +0.1 pct, Nasdaq +0.4 pct at close.
Nikkei -0.8 pct, Shanghai stocks -1 pct.
Time: 6.58 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German preliminary March inflation data due at 1200 GMT. CPI seen +0.4 pct m/m, +1.9 pct y/y. HICP seen +0.5 pct m/m, +1.9 pct y/y.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Emma Thomasson and Ludwig Burger)
The sad death of Nigel "no mates" - the lonely New Zealand gannet who spent years trying to seduce a concrete bird - has been reported around the world.
Gannet on Mana Island. Source: Friends of Mana Island
Nigel arrived on uninhabited Mana Island five years ago and quickly became besotted with one of 80 concrete decoys birds on the island.
The decoys were built alongside the sound of breeding pairs in a bid to mimic nesting gannets and encourage living birds back onto the pest free island, off the Porirua coast.
When Nigel arrived, he was the first gannet to fly in to roost in 40 years.
Instead of bringing a partner, he became infatuated with a decoy and was seen apparently trying to woo it as he built a nest of seaweed and twigs on the cliff's edge.
Last week, after years of fruitless advances, he died with his tragic story retold by outlets, such as The Guardian and BBC.
Mana Island Conservation ranger Chris Bell said the "incredibly sad" passing felt "like the wrong ending to the story".
He found Nigel's body next to his immobile partner, apparently refusing to be separated from it despite three living gannets recently arriving on the island.
"I certainly feel sad, having had him sit there year after year with his concrete mate," Mr Bell told Stuff.
"It would have been nice if he had been able to hold on a few more years and found a partner and bred."
Yet Nigel's unrequited love may not have been for nothing.
His presence on the island might have helped convince the three new gannets to come to the island, raising hopes a new breeding colony could yet start up.
A man carries a shopping basket in an Asda store in northwest London, Britain in this August 18, 2015 file photo. Asda is expected to give a Q4 trading update this week. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/Files
LONDON Sharply rising inflation since last June's Brexit vote is already starting to hurt the poorest households in Britain.
Supermarket chain Asda said on Friday its gauge of disposable income showed the weakest growth since June 2014 during February, with the poorest households hit particularly hard.
While overall disposable income rose 1.7 percent in the year to February, for the lowest income families it plummeted 18 percent, as this table shows:
Inflation hurts the poorest in particular because rising prices for essentials like food and transport take up a bigger share of their disposable income. Consumer prices are being pushed up by rising energy costs, exacerbated by the pound's slump caused by June's Brexit vote.
Real household disposable income - a measure of spending power - shrank by 0.4 percent in the last three months of 2016, the steepest quarter-on-quarter drop in nearly three years, according to official data on Friday.
Worse may be to come for low-income families.
The largest proportion of British food and beverage retailers on record expect to raise prices in the next three months, according to a European Commission survey published on Thursday that dates back to the 1980s.
In fact the balance of food and drink retailers predicting price hikes has fully maxed out the 100-point scale, as this graphic shows:
A UBS survey of 2,000 consumers, also published on Thursday, showed a "dramatic reduction" in consumer discretionary income and intention to spend.
The latest Reuters poll of economists predicts consumer price inflation will near 3 percent late this year, but previous bouts of high inflation in 2008 and 2011 suggest this may be a conservative estimate.
Last October, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney predicted 2017 will be a tough one for the poorest Britons as inflation rises. Now the evidence is becoming clearer.
(This story has been refiled to remove extraneous words in par 4 )
(Reporting by Andy Bruce; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 10 NXP Semiconductors NV:
* NXP Semiconductors - will not hold an earnings call nor provide forward guidance for Q2 of 2017 due to pending acquisition of NXP by Qualcomm Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Repeats with no changes to text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* BHP vs peers over two and 15 years: reut.rs/2oQXpNR reut.rs/2oQXCR9)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 12 When activist shareholder Elliott Advisors went public with its call to restructure BHP Billiton, it was most likely aware that the world's largest mining company would reject the plan.
Elliott, which manages more than $32.7 billion and holds about 4.1 percent of BHP's London-listed shares, wants the company to end its dual London-Sydney listing, hive off its petroleum assets in a separate listing in New York, and return more cash to shareholders.
By going public with the letter it wrote to BHP directors, Elliott should have known it had no chance of its proposal succeeding. Indeed, BHP soon shot down the plan, saying the costs would outweigh the benefits.
So why bother going to all the rigmarole of working out a restructuring plan, engaging the directors and then going public if there was little chance of success?
Elliott may have been looking for a short-term bounce in the share price, which was duly delivered with the Sydney stock rising 4.6 percent to a close of A$25.73 ($19.30) on April 10, the day the proposal was released to the public.
But more likely is that Elliott wanted to kickstart a debate on how best to unlock value in BHP, and put pressure on management to return more of the benefits of the recent rise in commodity prices to shareholders.
A valid criticism of BHP, and indeed other resource peers such as Rio Tinto, Anglo American and Glencore , is that shareholders largely missed out on the benefits of the massive China-led boom in commodity demand since the end of the 2008 global recession.
This is because the miners chose to expand operations at a cost of billions of dollars rather than return cash to shareholders.
In iron ore and coal, the massive surge in supply led to prices falling for five years from 2011-15, before supply and demand returned to a better balance last year, resulting in strong gains for many commodities.
If an investor has bought BHP shares in Sydney at the height of the post-2008 boom in commodities, they would still be underwater.
BHP's Sydney shares reached a closing peak of A$44.89 on April 11, 2011, before slumping to a trough of A$14.21 in January last year. They have since recovered to A$25.57 at the close on Tuesday.
BHP has underperformed its peers on a two-year view, but outperformed on a 15-year basis, according to Thomson Reuters data.
MANAGING THE CYCLE
The bigger question is how should the management and shareholders of a company like BHP deal with the inherent cyclical nature of commodities.
Certainly, most commodity booms are ended when too much supply is commissioned as the miners all expand operations at more or less the same time in order to chase the higher prices.
But equally there is a risk to not investing to boost production when competitors are - you may end up with a smaller market share and lower prices anyway.
It's worth noting that since the recovery in commodity prices in 2016, when spot iron ore rose 81 percent and Australian thermal coal by 87 percent, major mining companies have been extremely cautious.
BHP, Rio and others have all committed in recent financial statements to maintaining strict cost discipline and limiting the amount of capital spending on new projects.
But it's almost inevitable that the tables will turn and resource companies will be tempted to once again seek to ramp up exploration and develop new projects.
In some ways, they have to, merely to replace reserves that are being depleted, but whether this can be done sensibly remains to be seen.
Certainly the track record of resource companies is patchy in this regard. Witness the simultaneous construction of eight liquefied natural gas plants in Australia, the main effect of which was to drive up costs as companies competed for labour while at the same time causing the price of the fuel to slump.
This dynamic was mirrored in iron ore and coal, and to some extent in crude oil as well, with the emergence of U.S. shale producers in the past few years.
What Elliott may be trying to achieve is to keep pressure on BHP's board and management to increase returns to shareholders while the company is generating strong cash flows off the back of higher prices for iron ore, coal and crude oil.
There may well be some merit in BHP spinning off its petroleum arm, much as it did with the aluminium and other non-core operations when it created South 32 in 2015.
But the irony is that by saying BHP should do this, Elliott has probably ensured they won't, as BHP's board and management wouldn't want to be seen doing something that they had earlier rejected.
The real test of whether Elliott's intervention has had any impact will be how much more cash BHP decides to return to shareholders when it announces its next results, due in August this year.
Disclosure: At the time of publication, Clyde Russell owned shares in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto as an investor in a fund. (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
The U.S. Supreme Court building is seen in Washington, DC, U.S. on March 16, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Bourg/File Photo
WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday threw out a ruling that upheld a New York law barring retailers from charging more to customers buying with credit cards, sending the case back to a lower court to decide on free speech grounds, not as price regulation.
The merchants that challenged the law argued it violated their free speech rights under the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment, and the 8-0 ruling by the justices handed them at least a temporary victory. The justices returned the matter to the New York-based 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which upheld the law in 2015 as legitimate price regulation.
The merchants' attorney, Deepak Gupta, expressed confidence the law would eventually be struck down following the Supreme Court action. Nine other states have similar laws.
Retailers are forced to pay fees to credit card companies every time a customer buys with a card. The New York law barred retailers from imposing a surcharge on customers who made purchases with a credit card. It also made it impossible for merchants to call fees paid to credit card companies a surcharge that is added to the price of a product. The law did not stop retailers from offering a discount for cash purchases.
The case hinged on whether the justices saw the law as a speech restriction or a traditional form of price regulation not subject to a free speech challenge.
In a ruling authored by Chief Justice John Roberts, the court decided it is speech regulation. The businesses, Roberts said, "want to make clear that they are not the bad guys" responsible for the higher prices, but the law precludes them from doing so. The court did not decide whether or not the measure is lawful.
A spokeswoman for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said, "We respect the court's decision and will continue to defend the statute on remand" to the lower court.
Merchants contend laws like the one in New York infringe on their free speech rights by dictating how they describe their pricing to customers.
Retailers have long complained about the cost of accepting credit cards including "swipe fees," a percentage of the purchase price the merchants pay to networks such as MasterCard Inc and Visa Inc every time a credit card is used.
Five New York state merchants, including a Brooklyn ice cream parlor and a Manhattan martial arts studio, challenged the law, saying it "keeps consumers in the dark by criminalizing truthful speech."
The lead plaintiff, Expressions Hair Design unisex salon in Vestal, New York, said in court papers after it learned of the law it removed signage notifying customers of a card surcharge, but would like to put it back up.
The New York law subjected merchants to a potential one-year prison sentence and $500 fine for imposing credit card surcharges.
In 2013, U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff sided with the merchants and blocked enforcement of the law. The appeals court then upheld the law in 2015.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Additional reporting by Andrew Chung in New York; Editing by Will Dunham)
São Paulo, April 6 Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Thursday he has authorized the lawmaker sponsoring a key pension reform plan to alter the proposal in order to guarantee approval in the lower house of Congress.
Still, Temer said in a radio interview that any changes to the plan must maintain the bill's minimum retirement age. Temer needs to gather support of 308 out of 513 lawmakers in the house to pass the controversial reform, but a survey of lawmakers on Wednesday suggested he did not have the support. (Reporting by Patricia Duarte and Bruno Federowski; Writing by Bruno Federowski)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Piers Morgan has gone into social media meltdown over a lewd picture of himself with American President Donald Trump claiming the BBC had broadcast a “homophobic” cartoon.
The picture, which was shown on BBC Two's Daily Mash report on Thursday night, hasn't gone down well with the Good Morning Britain presenter. He was granted the first international broadcast interview with the US president last week.
The cartoon image portrayed Piers putting his face on Donald Trump's bottom.
He took to Twitter and posted: “So we can't have #gridgirls or #walkongirls because the imagery is ‘demeaning'.
But the publicly-funded BBC can broadcast this about 2 men?”
He then tweeted: “Amusing though this image may be to many people, can you imagine the BBC broadcasting it if the President was Hillary Clinton or the interviewer was a woman?
“The BBC thinks this is OK to broadcast. But if it depicted high profile women, there would be outrage. Why the double standard?"
The Trump/Morgan interview divided audiences, with some congratulating him on forcing an apology from the president for retweeting Britain First, while others mocked Mr Morgan.
Comedian Rufus Hound tweeted: “Bless you for trying. Classic tabloid move. False equivalency.
“There is no equivalent to this. You, a millionaire, middle-aged white man spent twenty minutes fluffing a foolish, racist billionaire on international television.
“We are laughing at you. Specifically at you.”
(Image: ITV)
Meanwhile feminist author and journalist Jennifer Wright wrote: “I hate agreeing with Piers Morgan, and I think he is a revolting toady, but...posting pictures of men engaging in sexual acts with other men to demean them seems dated and unfortunate.
“There are ways to convey this point without the ‘ha ha gay' overtones at work here.”
Lord Alan Sugar, who has had open Twitter spats with Morgan before, found it highly amusing and tweeted: “I am going to ask my people to get me a blown up framed version of this picture for my office. To me it says it all.”
May 2 Capitaland Commercial Trust :
* CCT to divest one george street into a limited liability partnership and own 50.0% interest thereafter
* Agreed value of one george street of S$1,183.2 million or S$2,650 per square foot (psf) based on building's net lettable area
* CCT is expected to recognise an estimated gain of S$84.6 million on the divestment of the property on a 50.0 pct basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
The victim, a 57-year-old homeless man, was stabbed to death, according to police
Santa Barbara police are investigating a homicide after a homeless man was found fatally injured late Tuesday night in a downtown parking lot.
Officers were called shortly before 11 p.m. to a report of a fight in a parking area behind a church in the 900 block Santa Barbara Street, said Sgt. Riley Harwood.
They found the victim, a 57-year-old homeless man, suffering life-threatening stab wounds, Harwood said.
The man, whose name was not released, was taken to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 11:33 p.m.
No arrests have been made, Harwood said.
The name of the victim was not released as the investigation is ongoing, Harwood said.
Anyone with information on the killing is asked to contact Detective Charlie Katsapis at 805.897.2344 or [email protected], or to call anonymously to 805.897.2386.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
* Futures up: Dow 5 pts, S&P 1.5 opts, Nasdaq 6.75 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 28 U.S. stock index futures edged higher on Tuesday, a day after hitting six-week lows, as investors looked beyond President Donald Trump's first major legislative stumble and focused on his promise of tax reforms.
* Questions about Trump's ability to prevail over Congress surfaced after Republicans were forced to withdraw a bill to reform the American healthcare system on Friday.
* However, losses on Wall Street were kept in check on hopes that Trump would be able to deliver on his pledge to lower taxes - a proposition that has driven a record-breaking rally on Wall Street.
* The White House late Monday said it would take a lead role in crafting legislation to reform the U.S. tax code, with an August target date.
* The dollar traded slightly higher on Tuesday, recovering from the lowest level it hit since the November presidential election on Monday, while gold prices came off their one-month high.
* The Conference Board will issue a report, which is likely to show consumer confidence at 114.0 in March, slightly below 114.8 in February. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1600 GMT).
* Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks at a conference in Washington at 12:50 p.m. ET (1650 GMT) and could provide some insight into the timing of the central bank's next interest rate hike.
* Other Fed officials scheduled to make appearances include Fed Board Governor Jerome Powell, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan and his Kansas City counterpart, Esther George.
* Shares of Ford rose 0.96 percent at $11.57 in premarket trading after Trump tweeted that the U.S. automaker would make a major announcement regarding three plants in Michigan.
* Red Hat was up 4.7 percent at $86.10 in light premarket trading after the Linux operating system distributor reported quarterly revenue that beat analysts' expectations.
Futures snapshot at 6:55 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were up 5 points, or 0.02 percent, with 14,865 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.5 points, or 0.06 percent, with 86,272 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 6.75 points, or 0.13 percent, on volume of 16,802 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was in favour of a strong Europe, as France gears up for an election where European unity is a key issue and Britain negotiates its departure from the European Union.
"Yes, a strong Europe is very, very important to me as president of the United States and it's also ... important for the United States, we want to see it, we will help it be strong, and it's very much to everybody's advantage," Trump said at a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Eric Walsh; Editing by Eric Beech)
May 2 Healthcare Trust Of America Inc
* Healthcare Trust of America announces pricing of upsized public offering of common stock
* Healthcare Trust of America Inc - priced its public offering of 47.5 million class A common shares at a price to public of $28.50 per share
* Healthcare Trust of America Inc offering was upsized from original size of 39.5 million class A common shares to final size of 47.5 million class a common shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIJING Activity in China's vast manufacturing sector likely grew for an eighth straight month in March as a surprise rebound in the property market added to a construction boom, boosting sales of building materials from steel to cement, a Reuters poll showed.
The official manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) is expected to stay at 51.6 in March, the same as in February which was the second-highest reading since July 2014, according to a median forecast of 31 economists in a Reuters poll.
While that is well above the 50.0 mark which separates expansion from contraction, over a dozen cities have announced fresh property cooling measures in recent weeks to slow home price rises, raising questions over how long the solid pace of growth can be sustained.
Home sales rebounded in the first two months of the year with an increase in new starts, defying previous government curbs to contain bubbly prices in big cities such as Beijing.
"Many projects started in March as it is usually the peak season," said Shen Jianguang, analyst at Mizuho Securities in Hong Kong.
Profits of Chinese industrial firms surged almost 32 percent in the first two months of 2017 -- the fastest pace in nearly 6 years -- as prices of commodities from coal to iron ore raced higher.
But iron ore futures prices in China have retreated in the past week, with high inventories adding to fears that supply is threatening to outpace demand.[IRONORE/]
Some China watchers think the wave of property tightening measures announced since late last year will eventually slow home sales and prices.
"The market will certainly freeze under the new measures. Sales may drop 90 percent," said Yi Xianrong, a former researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences - a state think tank - and now a professor at Qingdao university.
The outlook for China's manufacturing sector is also clouded by U.S. protectionist rhetoric that could hurt exports to its biggest trading destination, although no major U.S. measures have been announced.
Tighter monetary policy may also dent investor confidence in the sector.
The central bank has been cautious, bumping up money market and short- and medium-term interest rates several times this year by only modest amounts. But analysts said its tightening bias will eventually pass through to higher borrowing costs for Chinese companies.
The official PMI number will be released on March 31, along with the official services PMI.
The private Caixin/Markit PMI survey, which focuses more on small and mid-sized firms, will be published on April 1.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Elias Glenn; Editing by Kim Coghill)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3425, or 74.49 U.S. cents * Bond prices mixed across the yield curve TORONTO, April 6 The Canadian dollar was little changed against its U.S. counterpart on Thursday even as oil prices rose, with investors wary before a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping. Trump faces pressure to deliver trade concessions for some of his most fervent supporters and prevent a crisis with North Korea from spiraling out of control. Signs that the U.S. Federal Reserve might start paring asset holdings also weighed on risk appetite as did evaporate hopes of an early U.S. fiscal stimulus program. Commodity-linked currencies, such as the loonie, tend to underperform when investors turn less optimistic about the economic outlook. Prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, were on track for a fourth consecutive daily gain after recovering from losses triggered by record high U.S. crude inventories. U.S. crude prices were up 0.92 percent to $51.62 a barrel. At 9:42 a.m. ET (1342 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3425 to the greenback, or 74.49 U.S. cents, slightly stronger than Wednesday's close of C$1.3427, or 74.48 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3418 to C$1.3451. The loonie on Tuesday hit a nearly three-week low at C$1.3455, pressured by domestic data showing an unexpected trade deficit. On the data front, Statistics Canada reported on Thursday that the value of Canadian building permits dropped by 2.5 percent in February from January. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve, with the two-year down half a Canadian cent to yield 0.723 percent and the 10-year rising 12 Canadian cents to yield 1.547 percent. On Tuesday, the 10-year yield touched its lowest in four months at 1.545 percent. Canada's employment report for March is due on Friday. Economists forecast that the country added just 5,000 jobs after a strong run of employment gains. (Reporting by Fergal Smith Editing by W Simon)
March 29 Pelion SA:
* Management says 52.33 zloty ($13.33) price per Pelion's share in the tender bid by KIPF reflects the fair value of the company
* KIPF announced the tender offer for Pelion shares earlier on in March Source text: bit.ly/2o9ohrV Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9271 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Civil rights organizations have sounded the alarm again on voter suppression. This time, Georgia Republicans are trying to pass a bill that would put an end to Black parishioners voting early either before or after they have attended church services in Atlanta. Yes, they want a Suppression Sunday.
But there's more to the story: GOP lawmakers want to also reduce the number of evening hours that voters can head to the polls. The majority-Republican House Governmental Affairs Committee approved Senate Bill 363 on Wednesday, saying that polling places should close at 7 p.m. instead of 8 p.m., and that voting should be limited to only one weekend day, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported.
This move, opposed by the committee's five Democrats, is undoubtedly controversial.
“The impact of this bill is to eliminate the extra hour of voting opportunity that's been granted to city of Atlanta voters,” Democratic Rep. Mary Margaret Oliver, who represents Decatur, said. “So this is anti-voting rights for Atlanta.”
The bill will stop African-American voters, who make up the majority of the city's population, from turning out in droves as part of Souls to the Polls events, a voter mobilization effort for Sunday voting in Georgia. Curtailing voting hours is also out-of-sync with Georgia regulations.
Atlanta can keep its precincts open until 8 p.m. for municipal elections, according to a state law passed in the 1970s.
Voting must be allowed on Saturdays for elections with state or federal candidates, but Sunday polling has been a hot-button issue. Georgia Republicans have been against Sunday voting since at least 2014, the year that DeKalb County extended early voting hours to include the Sunday before Election Day, according to Think Progress.
If the bill passes, activists will most likely be coming in full force against GOP legislators. They, along with Democrats, may oppose the bill under the Voting Rights Act after voter ID laws, same-day registration eliminations and more suppression efforts have disproportionately targeted voters of color.
Voting right advocates have already sounded off about the bill on Twitter.
Georgia Republicans snuck in a provision to a bill that eliminates Sunday voting which specifically targets African Americans voters. Retweet if you're enraged about this blatant attempt to suppress voters. #FridayFeeling — Let America Vote (@letamericavote) March 16, 2018
SEE ALSO:
A 70-Year-Old Man Screams At Black Flight Attendant: ‘I Don't Want Blacks Around Me!'
Viral Video Of Mom Beating Daughter Over Facebook Sexploits Highlights Double-Standard
(Adds details, context)
MILAN/PARIS, March 29 Vivendi is considering putting its chief executive Arnaud de Puyfontaine forward as Telecom Italia's next chairman, sources told Reuters, potentially aggravating concerns about the French group's growing influence over Italian companies.
The board of Telecom Italia, of which Vivendi is the top shareholder with 24 percent, comes up for renewal in May. Giuseppe Recchi currently serves as the Italian phone group's chairman, while de Puyfontaine acts as his deputy.
Vivendi's influence at Telecom Italia has come under the spotlight after it took a significant holding in Italian broadcaster Mediaset, leading to speculation over whether it plans to combine the two companies.
No final decision has been taken over who will be proposed as chairman of Telecom Italia and Recchi could be confirmed in his post, two of the sources said on Wednesday.
"There are only two rationale choices: either keeping Recchi or replacing him with someone who represents the interests of the No. 1 shareholder," one source said. "Having a Vivendi guy as head of Telecom Italia's board would make sense."
If de Puyfontaine were appointed chairman he would likely assume the post without the executive powers held by Recchi in a bid to defuse some of the concerns over Vivendi's influence at Telecom Italia, the source added.
Vivendi and Telecom Italia declined to comment.
Any proposal by Vivendi will have to be approved by Telecom Italia's shareholders and lists detailing the proposed candidates have to be submitted by April 9.
Italy's communications regulator is already looking into Vivendi's stakebuilding at Mediaset, given domestic anti-trust regulations that prevent companies from having an excessive market share both in telecommunications and media.
"The choice of de Puyfontaine as chairman seems legitimate but Vivendi would run the risk of clashing with Rome and regulators in a country where the state still tends to exercise some undue influence over the private sector," Andrea Giuricin, CEO at TRA Consulting, said.
Vivendi is chaired by tycoon Vincent Bollore, who already has some sway in Italy's business world as key shareholder of influential investment bank Mediobanca, which in turn is the biggest investor in insurer Generali.
Since becoming a Telecom Italia investor in 2015, Vivendi has increasingly taken an active role at the heavily-indebted Italian group and secured four seats on its board.
Former Telecom Italia CEO Marco Patuano was replaced by Flavio Cattaneo last year after what sources said were disagreements over strategy with the new top investor.
Asked about rumours that Recchi could be replaced, Cattaneo said on Tuesday he would be happy if he stayed on. (Reporting by Paola Arosio, Stefano Rebaudo and Danilo Masoni in Milan and Mathieu Rosemain in Paris; writing by Agnieszka Flak; editing by Alexander Smith)
BERLIN/PARIS, April 5 Europe's aviation regulator voiced concern on Wednesday over the possible risk of fire breaking out in the cargo holds of passenger planes after the United States and Britain banned computers from passenger cabins and urged new precautions.
The European Aviation Safety Agency, which is responsible for safe flying in 32 countries, said personal electronic devices (PED) carried a fire risk due to their lithium batteries and should preferably be carried inside passenger cabins so that any problems could be identified and dealt with.
"When the carriage of PEDs in the cabin is not allowed, it leads to a significant increase of the number of PEDs in the cargo compartment. Certain precautions should therefore be observed to mitigate the risk of accidental fire in the cargo hold," the agency said in a safety bulletin.
The Cologne-based agency issued its guidance two weeks after the United States and Britain banned gadgets larger than a smartphone, including laptops and tablets, from passenger cabins on flights from certain countries because of security risks. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan and Tim Hepher; Editing by Susan Fenton)
(Adds detail)
ATHENS, March 29 Greece's OPAP, Europe's fourth-biggest betting firm, posted on Wednesday a 19.2 percent drop in fourth-quarter core profit, hurt by an austerity tax.
OPAP, which was fully privatised in 2013, currently offers sports betting and lotteries through a network of about 5,750 outlets in Greece and Cyprus.
Profitability has been hit by a retroactive tax hike on gaming revenue that OPAP has generated since the start of last year. Greece raised taxation on OPAP's revenue by 5 percentage points to 35 percent as part of an international bailout, the third since 2010.
Core profit - earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) - dropped to 83.7 million euros ($90 million) from 103.6 million euros in the fourth quarter of 2015.
Net profit rose 6.7 percent to 55.1 million euros, helped by the absence of a one-off impairment that was booked in the last quarter of 2015.
OPAP will pay a dividend of 0.72 euro a share, up from 0.40 euro on 2015 results.
Gross gaming revenue dropped 0.5 percent to 399.6 million euros, mainly due a weaker performance of its lottery business.
OPAP revived in November its plans to launch 16,500 video lottery terminals (VLTs) after Greece's gaming commission approved new, less rigid rules.
The company said the new business was launched in January and already operated 1,274 machines.
($1 = 0.9295 euros) (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Mark Potter)
WASHINGTON, D.C.: The US military wants to revamp its nuclear arsenal and develop new low-yield atomic weapons, largely in response to Russian actions in recent years, the Pentagon said in a policy statement released on Friday (Saturday in Manila).
The so-called Nuclear Posture Review outlines the Pentagon's nuclear ambitions under President Donald Trump and is the first time since 2010 that the military has spelled out how it foresees nuclear threats in the coming decades.
“The strategy develops capabilities aimed at making use of nuclear weapons less likely,” Trump said in a statement. “It enhances deterrence of strategic attacks against our Nation, and our allies and partners, that may not come in the form of nuclear weapons.”
“And, importantly, it reaffirms our commitment to arms control and nuclear non-proliferation, maintains the moratorium on nuclear testing, and commits to improving efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to nuclear terrorism,” he said.
The document marks a sobering break from the vision for America's atomic future under Barack Obama, who during a famous speech in Prague in 2009 called for the elimination of nuclear weapons.
While it underscores the administration's concerns about North Korea, Iran and China, the focus falls largely on Russia.
“This is a response to Russian expansion of their capability and the nature of their strategy and doctrine,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis wrote in the introduction to the 75-page document.
“These developments, coupled with Russia's seizure of Crimea and nuclear threats against our allies, mark Moscow's decided return to Great Power competition,” he also wrote.
The Pentagon worries Russia assumes America's regular, large-yield weapons are essentially too big to ever be detonated, as their use would likely result in large-scale retaliation and wipe much of humanity off the map.
“There are strong indications that our current strategy posture and capabilities are perceived by the Russians as potentially inadequate to deter them,” Greg Weaver, the deputy director of strategic capabilities for the military's Joint Staff, told reporters.
“The US and NATO require a wider range of credible low-yield nuclear options to do a very specific thing: to convince the Russian leadership that if they initiate limited nuclear use, in a war with the alliance, our response will deny them the objective they seek and impose costs that far outweigh those benefits they can achieve,” he added.
More reliance on subs and ships
The document, an earlier version of which was leaked last month, says that by having additional smaller nukes, the Pentagon can counter adversaries' “misperceptions” that the United States would not respond to another country using its own low-yield bomb.
The new strategy calls for a continuation of the nuclear modernization program ordered by Obama that encompasses all pillars of the “triad” — ground-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, submarine-launched weapons and bombs delivered by plane.
But unlike the Obama strategy, which stressed reducing the role of nuclear weapons, the new policy has a more assertive tone.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, also known as “tactical” nukes, are still extremely powerful and can pack as much destructive punch as the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II.
America already has a massive nuclear arsenal at its disposal, including 150 B-61 nukes stored across multiple European countries that can be configured for low-yield options.
The new weapons envisioned by the Pentagon would be launchable from submarines or ships, so would not need to be stockpiled in Europe.
They could also get around Russian air defenses more easily.
The bombs would not add to America's nuclear horde, and would instead repurpose existing warheads, but critics say the Pentagon would be going against the spirit of non-proliferation agreements.
“We are on the cusp of a new era of nuclear proliferation,” warned Barry Blechman, co-founder of the Stimson Center, a nonpartisan anti-nuclear proliferation think tank in Washington.
“This is the great nuclear danger raised by the new” nuclear policy.
Weaver disputed media accounts that the nuclear posture review lowered the threshold for America to use nuclear weapons.
“The purpose of these capabilities is to make a US response to nuclear use more credible, not to make US first use more likely,” he said. AFP
AFP/CC
Rickie Fowler of the U.S. misses a putt on the ninth hole in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
AUGUSTA, Georgia Rickie Fowler thinks his confidence levels are at an all-time high, boosting his belief that he can secure his first major championship at the U.S. Masters on Sunday.
The 28-year-old American ended the third round on Saturday at five under par, one stroke behind the leaders a year after he failed to make the cut at Augusta.
"This is by far the best I've felt in a major," he told reporters.
"From how my game feels, how I feel just about life, I feel great on the golf course. It feels like I'm right where I'm supposed to be," he said.
This is the seventh Masters for the world number eight whose best finish at the year's first major came in 2014 when he tied for fifth.
Asked how much fun he was having on a scale of one to 10, he said; "11 and a half."
The fun will continue on Sunday when Fowler will play with good friend and compatriot Jordan Spieth and he credits hard work with his fitness trainers for his increased comfort levels.
"There's not really an off‑season," he said about the golf calendar.
"I've been putting the time in the gym and making sure I'm healthy and in a great spot. We've put a lot of work in and it's nice to see it pay off," he said.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
DETROIT General Motors Co (GM.N) on Friday reported a record quarterly first-quarter profit on robust sales of its large pickup trucks and crossovers in the United States, as uncertainty surrounds the overall pace of domestic auto sales for the industry.
The results also underscore a shift where U.S. consumers are favoring larger SUVs, crossovers and trucks, instead of cars.
The No. 1 U.S. automaker said it recorded the highest ever profit for a first quarter, including pre-bankruptcy which it emerged from in 2009.
The stellar quarter bodes well for an industry that had disappointing sales in March.
New vehicle sales hit a record of 17.55 million units in 2016, and analysts expect a slight sales decline in 2017.
The results demonstrate that GM will "continue to strengthen the core business, generate the best possible return for our owners and then continue to execute with a huge sense of urgency on the transformative technologies that are really going to allow us to have a leadership position," Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra told analysts on a conference call.
GM shares were slightly down at $34.51.
U.S. sales of Chevrolet trucks and crossovers rose 3.5 percent and 12 percent, respectively, during the quarter, while GMC truck and crossover sales jumped almost 10 percent.
Pretax margin profit was 8.2 percent, an improvement of 1.1 percentage points from a year earlier.
U.S. sales of less profitable cars, however, fell compared to the first quarter of 2016.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) reported a higher operating profit this week due to soaring SUV sales.
No. 2 U.S. automaker Ford on Thursday reported lower quarterly net profit due to higher commodity, engineering and recall costs, and a drop in vehicle sales.
THE THREAT OF LOWER SALES
Ratings agencies have warned of worsening credit and there are concerns millions of nearly-new leased vehicles will flood the market, depressing used-car values and reducing U.S. automakers' sales. Some analysts worry automakers are relying too much on consumer discounts to push sales.
Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens said while consumer discounts have risen, so have average vehicle prices, which he said matters more.
"Clearly it's a more competitive market out there," he said. "But that's not a surprise given that the industry is plateauing."
GM said first-quarter vehicle sales rose slightly in Europe, where it has agreed to sell its European Opel and Vauxhall operations to France's PSA Group (PEUP.PA). Sales dropped more than 6 percent in the company's International Operations unit, which is dominated by China.
Overall, almost all of the company's pretax earnings came from the U.S. market.
"We believe that pricing in North America, coupled with a deterioration in earnings in International Operations, will compromise earnings going forward," Buckingham Research Group analyst Joseph Amaturo wrote in a client note.
The company was hit last week when the Venezuelan government seized its plant in the industrial hub of Valencia.
Stevens said GM would try to regain access to its assets via legal means. He said the automaker had not been operating normally in Venezuela for 12 to 18 months.
"We don't want to necessarily exit the country," he said. "But certainly it's not an environment you can invest in or run a normal business at this point."
GM also faces an ensuing proxy fight with Greenlight Capital.
Billionaire investor David Einhorn, who runs the hedge fund, has proposed creating two classes of stock at GM, one that pays a dividend and one that does not, but would be tied to GM's potential growth.
GM has rejected the plan. Moody's Investors Service and S&P Global Ratings say such a structure could hurt GM's credit rating.
Einhorn has nominated three directors to GM's board.
The company's net profit rose 33 percent in the first quarter to $2.6 billion (2.02 billion pounds), or $1.70 per share, from $1.95 billion, or $1.24 per share, a year earlier. Analysts, on average, expected earnings per share of $1.48.
The company forecast 2017 full-year adjusted earnings per share of $6 to $6.50. Analysts expect earnings of $5.95.
(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Bernard Orr)
(Adds chief economist quotes, rewrites)
STOCKHOLM, April 6 The risk of a fall in Swedish house prices is higher than normal and many households are highly leveraged, the country's financial watchdog warned as it presented its annual survey of the mortgage market on Thursday.
Swedish house prices have sky-rocketed over the last two decades, fuelled by lower interest rates, generous tax breaks and low levels of building and the watchdog has long flagged that the surge is unsustainable.
"The combination of extremely low interest rates, strong growth and very high house prices can and will eventually reverse into something different and we need to ensure that Swedish households are prepared for that," said Henrik Braconier, chief economist at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority.
The watchdog has introduced several measures over the past couple of years to stem the soaring mortgage lending. In 2016, it made it mandatory for highly leveraged new borrowers to pay down the part of the principal on mortgage loans.
"It has had a dampening effect on household debt," Braconier said, adding that new mortgage takers were borrowing less and were buying cheaper properties.
He said the watchdog would get back in the coming months with additional measures if needed.
At the same time, he said the households did not currently pose a big threat to financial stability in the Nordic country as they on average had sufficient margins while banks were well capitalised. (Reporting by Johan Ahlander; editing by Niklas Pollard)
French presidential election candidate for the right-wing Les Republicains (LR) party Francois Fillon (L) shakes hands with supporters as he arrives for a meeting at the Porte de Versailles in Paris, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/pool
French presidential election candidate for the right-wing Les Republicains (LR) party Francois Fillon (L) shakes hands with supporters as he arrives for a meeting at the Porte de Versailles in Paris, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/pool
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election salutes supporters after a political rally in Marseille, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election delivers a speech during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Supporters gather at the Old Harbour as Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election delivers a speech during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a political rally in Paris, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, and his wife Penelope attend a political rally in Paris, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
A supporter of the French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon holds a placard reading 'I vote for Fillon', at a political rally in Paris, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier A suppo
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election delivers a speech during a political rally in Marseille, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
PARIS/MARSEILLE Two of the outside contenders in France's presidential election, Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon, whipped up support with mass rallies on Sunday, seeking a last-gasp boost ahead of an increasingly tight first voting round.
For weeks, polls have shown centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen on track to top the first round of voting on April 23 and go through to a May 7 runoff.
But recent polls have shown the race tightening as the front-runners faltered and far-left maverick Melenchon surged after strong performances in two televised candidates' debates.
A Kantar Sofres poll for media organisations Le Figaro, LCI and RTL showed Macron and Le Pen tied on 24 percent in the first round, with Melenchon taking third place for the first time on 18 percent, up six points since mid-March.
That put him a point ahead of conservative candidate Fillon, whose campaign has struggled as he seeks to defend himself from nepotism allegations.
Speaking at a big rally in the southern port city of Marseille, veteran Communist-backed candidate Melenchon sounded full of confidence.
"We can hear it. We can feel it. Victory is within our reach," said Melenchon, who aims to take France out of NATO and also hold a referendum on EU membership.
Organisers said 70,000 people gathered in Marseille's Old Port district to hear Melenchon.
Fillon too is still hoping for an upset.
"There is still everything to play for. The days ahead of us will be decisive," Fillon told cheering supporters waving the blue, white and red national flag at a show of strength in Paris, which according to organisers drew over 20,000 people.
There were no independent estimates of the crowd sizes.
Fillon, 63, was an early frontrunner to win the election but his bid faltered following allegations that he had paid his wife and two of his five children hundreds of thousands of euros of public money for minimal work. He denies any wrongdoing.
"I'm not asking you to like me. I'm asking you to back me, because this is about what's best for France," Fillon said.
With one in three French voters still undecided, there is a chance of a first-round surprise.
Even some of Fillon's supporters admit the campaign has been nerve-racking, though many at the Paris meeting said they didn't trust the polls.
"There were moments when we were really worried," said Raymond Spreder, 72, a retired builder from the Vosges region who has travelled to several rallies with his wife.
"But he's done well considering everything that's been thrown at him. He's the most solid candidate, it's his policies that we like," he said.
Melenchon, a former Trotskyist, was a wildcard until his spirited performances in two televised debates strengthened his campaign and helped him leech support from the Socialist candidate, Benoit Hamon.
In the 2012 presidential election, Melenchon's insurgent campaign and firebrand style also drew crowds and favourable opinion in polls, but he fell short in the end with 11 percent of the vote.
Macron, a pro-European former economy minister, aims to transcend the traditional left-right divide in French politics and reduce public spending and taxes.
If he reaches the second round, all polls predict he would easily beat Le Pen, whose plans to ditch the euro and hold a referendum on EU membership have spooked many investors.
For a graphic on French presidential election tmsnrt.rs/2jLwO20
(Writing by Bate Felix, Sarah White; Editing by Adrian Croft and Susan Fenton)
April 3 Ciber Inc:
* Ciber Inc - on March 28, 2017, co entered into amendment no. 14 with Wells Fargo Bank NA, lender under co's asset based lending facility
* Ciber Inc - amendment no. 14 permits an overadvance under credit facility of $12.3 million through and including March 31, 2017
* Ciber Inc - on March 31, 2017, co terminated receivables facility co's European subsidiaries had with Faunus Group International Inc
* Ciber Inc - on March 30, 2017, Ciber AG ("Ciber Germany") filed an insolvency proceeding in Cologne, Germany Source text:(bit.ly/2n5oKeH) Further company coverage:
Congress office-bearer caught spreading fake ‘survey' of first phase of Gujarat elections. Even @TodaysChanakya, whose name has been used, has denied doing any such survey... https://t.co/7nvlpasSGT
— BJP Gujarat (@BJP4Gujarat) December 10, 2017
The election is viewed as a prestige battle for Prime Minister Narendra Modi and a litmus test for the leadership newly elected Congress president chief Rahul Gandhi.Days after voting for the first phase was held, stats of a 'post-poll survey' claiming that Congress may get 65 out of 89 seats have gone viral on social media.Congress' National Media Coordinator Rohan Gupta also shared a graphic on Twitter which depicted that the first phase of polling in Gujarat had gone in the Congress' favour. The source of the survey given in the graphics was 'chanakyaindia.in'.The survey gave the BJP only 22 seats.The BJP has accused the Congress office-bearer's of spreading fake ‘survey'.Rohan Gupta, who is also the Gujarat Congress IT cell head, said it was not any post-poll survey but an online poll conducted on a website."The BJP, which claims it to ahead of others in social media campaigns, failed to distinguish between an online poll and an exit-poll. We are running this poll for last two months. Anyone can access the website and vote. If supporters of BJP wants, they can go and vote in their party's favour," he said."Over 1 lakh people have participated in this poll. It's an open platform," he added.: Congress has conducted an online poll on a website 'chanakyaindia.in'. It's not a post-poll survey as claimed by some social media users. Anyone, be him a resident of Gujarat or any other state, can access the website and vote in his party's favour.Watch the video to know more:
KIEV Ukraine's central bank governor, Valeria Gontareva, resigned on Monday, depriving the country of a tough reformer capable of taking on vested interests at a time when the economy is just recovering from a steep recession.
She warned at a news conference that resistance to change would now increase.
The resignation -- effective on May 10 -- comes a week after the International Monetary Fund, which supports Ukraine with a $17.5 billion bailout package, said domestic politics could derail crucial reforms such as raising the pension age and lifting a ban on land sales. (For graphic on Ukraine's politics and economy click bit.ly/2optThb)
Praised by investors and the IMF, Gontareva's tough anti-crisis measures saw her vilified by some lawmakers and local businessmen. A hate campaign against her included a protester leaving a coffin at her door.
The former investment banker and business partner of President Petro Poroshenko took charge nearly three years ago after Russia's annexation of Crimea and with Ukraine in the throes of a pro-Russian separatist uprising.
Gontareva stressed on Monday that her departure would not change central bank policy or the makeup of its board in the near future, and she emphasised the importance of continued cooperation with the IMF to guarantee stability and keep the hryvnia steady.
But she left with a final warning shot, calling for the central bank to stay independent and told reporters: "I believe that resistance to changes and reforms will grow stronger now."
Her departure as head of the National Bank of Ukraine leaves Poroshenko with one fewer ally in power at a time when lenders already question his ability to follow through on promised reforms. It nearly completes an exodus of reformers who were appointed after Poroshenko's pro-Western administration took charge following the Maidan street protests in 2013-2014.
Other reformers who quit or were pushed out include Economy Minister Aivaras Abromavicius and the head of the national police.
The IMF's representative to Ukraine praised Gontareva's clean-up of the banking system and her track record of bringing down inflation and rebuilding reserves.
"It will be critical to select a new governor of high professional quality and independence who can continue on the good road on which Ms. Gontareva has placed the (central bank)," Jerome Vacher said in an emailed statement to Reuters.
Poroshenko's office said the president would submit his nomination for the next chief to parliament when an appropriate candidate had been agreed on.
DIFFICULT YEARS AHEAD
Gontareva introduced sweeping reforms, including shutting down half Ukraine's lenders and switching to a flexible exchange rate. Economic growth is expected to be 2 percent this year, according to the IMF's forecast.
As if to underline the kind of conflicts in store for her successor, around 100 protesters gathered at the Kiev headquarters of the Russian-owned Sberbank on Monday, demanding the bank be shut down, a Reuters witness said.
Accused of being a Russian stooge, Gontareva had called for the protesters to end a campaign to vandalise and obstruct the work of Kremlin-owned lenders, warning of the threat to financial stability.
One of her biggest reforms was nationalising PrivatBank, an oligarch-owned lender of systemic importance which she said lent all its corporate loans to parties related to its owners.
On Monday, she alleged that 16 billion hryvnias ($594 million) had been withdrawn from PrivatBank the night before it was taken over by the state, and the bank therefore now needs additional recapitalisation.
Glib Vyshlinsky, executive director of the Center for Economic Strategy, said Ukraine faces a difficult future as it has to service nearly $13 billion of external debt.
"If Gontareva leaves and her post will be taken by someone weaker and more controlled by different interest groups, this will mean that the ability to finance these payments without default and without threats to financial stability will decrease," he said.
"This will be quite a serious risk for Poroshenko's re-election in 2019 as well as for gaining control in the parliament."
The hryvnia currency was steady on Monday.
"She has been guiding the Ukrainian economy fairly well over these extremely challenging times, so I think this would be read negatively by the market. Of course we have to see who will be the replacement," said Jakob Christensen, head of emerging markets research, Danske Bank.
Gontareva had signalled in March that she would quit after the IMF dispersed its latest tranche of aid.
"Yesterday there was a coffin with my head in it at the main entrance of the central bank," she told journalists on March 2. "If the whole country sees that as normal, then that's that."
($1 = 26.9300 hryvnias)
(Additional reporting by Pavel Polityuk, Gleb Garanich and Matthias Williams in KIEV, Sujata Rao and Claire Milhench in LONDON; Writing by Matthias Williams; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY: A probe on the operations of the only industrial economic zone in Misamis Oriental started on Monday in response to President Rodrigo Duterte's order to investigate alleged corruption in the government-run Philippine Investment Veterans Development Corp. (Phividec).
Newly appointed Phividec administrator, Franklin Quijano, said “there are a lot of problems at the Phividec which the transition team has just uncovered and we want to go into the bottom of this.”
He said there is a need to fast track the investigation about the alleged corruption in Phividec-Misamis Oriental to get an objective appreciation of the issue.
“We need documents to back up these allegations because we want due process to be observed, especially when there are personalities who might get involved,” Quijano told The Manila Times.
He said the President has issued the marching order to conduct the probe in response to allegations of “massive corruption” at the Phividec Industrial Ecozone in Tagolo-an town.
Former Rep. Benjo Benaldo, earlier appointed as a member of the Phividec Board, exposed the alleged tax anomaly in the Phividec Ecozone involving about P2-billion on unpaid real property taxes and rentals.
He said that four multi-national companies, out of the 80 manufacturing and service companies operating in the Phividec Ecozone, have tax delinquent of almost P1-billion.
Benaldo said the Phividec has already issued notice to collect against the companies, but some claimed they have paid taxes and rentals for the past 10 years.
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Guabira 1 Oriente Petrolero 0 Jorge Wilstermann 0 Blooming 0 Nacional Potosi 1 Bolivar 1 San Jose 1 Sport Boys 2 The Strongest 6 Real Potosi 0 Saturday, December 9 Club Petrolero 2 Universitario de Sucre 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts C1 Bolivar + 21 12 6 3 34 24 44 ------------------------- 2 The Strongest 21 12 4 5 41 22 40 3 Jorge Wilstermann * 21 11 4 6 36 22 34 4 San Jose 21 10 3 8 30 23 33 5 Blooming 21 7 10 4 23 15 31 6 Oriente Petrolero 21 7 7 7 26 27 28 7 Club Petrolero 21 6 7 8 23 22 25 8 Guabira 21 7 4 10 26 32 25 9 Real Potosi 21 7 4 10 21 33 25 10 Universitario de Sucre 21 6 5 10 24 33 23 11 Sport Boys 21 5 5 11 21 39 20 12 Nacional Potosi 21 5 3 13 22 35 18 ------------------------- C - Champion + Added 2 points. * Deducted 3 points. 1: Copa Libertadores
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
2 plead guilty in fatal Columbia home invasion
By: The Associated Press
COLUMBIA (AP) - Two men have pleaded guilty to participating in a home invasion in Columbia that led to the death of an accomplice.
Twenty-three-year-old Darrius K. Edwards pleaded guilty to second-degree murder for the shooting death of 44-year-old Derrick Brookins in April of 2014 at a Columbia home.
Brookins was killed when he, Edwards and Deshai L. Richardson went to an apartment in April 2014, to steal money and marijuana. Police said the resident, Reginald Bentley III, pulled a gun and opened fire, shooting Edwards and killing Brookins. Richardson was not injured.
Another man, She'aun Prince, who was the getaway driver, pleaded guilty to first-degree burglary.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Prince will be sentenced June 8 and Edwards on June 15. Richardson's next court appearance is scheduled for May 26.
MADRID A Spanish man was found guilty on Wednesday of murdering U.S. woman Denise Pikka Thiem as she was walking the Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route in north-west Spain in 2015.
Miguel Angel Munoz, 41, ambushed and killed Thiem, giving her no chance to warn others or defend herself, a summary of the decision made by the jury in the province of Leon showed.
Prosecutors have called for Munoz to be sentenced to up to 27 years in prison. He was also found guilty of stealing Thiem's belongings.
Thiem, from Phoenix, Arizona, was 40 years old when she disappeared. She was last seen near Astorga in Leon in early April 2015, and stopped communicating with friends and posting pictures on social networks on April 4.
The following September, police found her body and arrested Munoz.
The nine-member jury rejected Munoz's defence that he had been suffering from a serious psychiatric illness when he killed her.
(Reporting by Angus Berwick; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
FILE PHOTO - The GM logo is seen in Warren, Michigan, U.S. on October 26, 2015. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
DETROIT/BOSTON Greenlight Capital nominated three directors to General Motors Co's (GM.N) board on Wednesday and accused the company of misrepresenting to ratings agencies the prominent hedge fund's proposal to split the automaker's common stock into two classes.
Greenlight manager David Einhorn told Reuters on Wednesday the automaker has refused to allow him to present his proposal to credit agencies for a formal review of how the plan would affect the company's credit risk.
"We think the credit rating process has been unfairly manipulated," Einhorn said. "We call on GM to allow us to work directly with the credit rating agencies."
GM fired back that any suggestion the automaker had failed to share Greenlight's proposal in full with the ratings agencies was "baseless and irresponsible."
Einhorn went public with a proposal in late March that the U.S. automaker create one class of stock that pays a dividend and one that does not, but would be tied to GM's potential growth.
The move would lower the company's cost of capital, improve financial flexibility and boost market capitalization by as much as $38 billion, Einhorn said.
No other GM shareholder has yet backed Einhorn's proposal, with Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N) remaining conspicuously silent.
GM has rebuffed Einhorn's proposal, saying it would not help the automaker "sell more cars, drive higher profitability, or generate greater cash flow." Both Moody's and Standard & Poor's have declared such a structure could hurt its credit rating.
When asked whether Einhorn's claims on Wednesday changed anything, an S&P Global Ratings spokesman referred Reuters to the agency's previous opinion from late March.
The views of the rating agencies are a key element in the proxy fight that will play out over the next several weeks, unless GM and Einhorn can reach a settlement.
In the interview, Einhorn said his plan would also allow GM to preserve more of its cash reserves, at a time when some analysts are concerned the U.S. auto industry is heading into a cyclical slowdown.
"Our proposal is an elegant way to unlock that kind of value without drawing on the cash resources of the company," Einhorn said.
Greenlight Capital has owned GM shares on and off for five years and now has a 4.9 percent stake, including options.
GM stock has performed poorly versus its peers and compared with the broader market. GM shares traded on Wednesday afternoon at $34 - just a dollar above the IPO price when the company went public in 2010 after a government-led bankruptcy.
DISPUTE INTENSIFIES
The disagreement became a full-fledged proxy fight on Wednesday as Greenlight said GM's advisers had no interest "in performing an objective analysis" of Einhorn's proposal.
In a regulatory filing, Greenlight said GM had then "substantially altered" the term sheet for its proposal before handing it to the ratings agencies and that this different version included "various misrepresentations" of the plan.
GM said in a statement: "The rating agencies' public statements issued regarding the Greenlight proposal clearly indicate that they understood the idea in all its facets, and would represent a credit negative if implemented. Any suggestion to the contrary is baseless and irresponsible."
Greenlight on Wednesday nominated former AT&T Broadband (T.N) Chief Executive Officer Leo Hindery, longtime Greenlight research director Vinit Sethi and Consol Energy Inc (CNX.N) Chairman William Thorndike to the automaker's board of directors.
Einhorn himself was not on the proposed slate.
Sethi was involved in talks with GM on Greenlight's proposal going back to last September.
Einhorn's fund has returned an annualized 16 percent since the firm's launch in 1996 but its gains have been more muted recently with an increase of only 1.5 percent in the first three months of 2017.
Einhorn's fight with GM marks the first time since taking on Apple Inc (AAPL.O) in 2013 that the closely watched fund manager has pressed management publicly to make changes, taking a page from the playbooks of so-called activist hedge funds like Jana Partners and Pershing Square Capital Management.
GM has not yet published a date for its annual shareholder's meeting, but in previous years it has usually been held in the first half of June.
A majority of investors surveyed by Evercore ISI just after Einhorn disclosed his proposal said it would not raise GM's value.
Greenlight's filing comes just two days after luxury electric carmaker Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) surpassed GM to become the highest-valued U.S. automaker despite selling around 76,000 vehicles last year to GM's 10 million.
(Writing by Joe White; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Wednesday he hoped the first-ever change to the country's 70-year-old pacifist constitution would be enacted by 2020, and that it would enshrine the status of the military.
Under the constitution's Article Nine, Japan forever renounced its right to wage war and banned maintenance of a military, though successive governments have interpreted it to allow a military exclusively for self-defence.
Japanese troops have taken part in international peace-keeping operations, as well as a non-combat reconstruction mission in Iraq from 2004 to 2006.
Abe, in a video message to a gathering celebrating the anniversary of the enactment of the charter, proposed making explicit reference to the Self-defence Forces (SDF) in the constitution. The document currently does not make any mention of the force.
"By making explicit the status of the SDF in the constitution, we should leave no room for contending that the SDF may be unconstitutional," he said in the video, aired by Japanese television broadcasters.
"I strongly hope to make 2020 the year in which a new constitution takes effect," Abe added.
It was his first public mention of a date. A recent ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) rule change means Abe could well still be prime minister in 2020 if his party stays in power.
Under Abe's watch, parliament in 2015 voted into law a defence policy shift that could let troops fight overseas for the first time since 1945, but any formal constitutional revision would require the backing of two-thirds of members of both houses of parliament and a majority of voters in a referendum.
But voters are divided over his campaign to revise the constitution, against a backdrop of growing tension in the region, particularly over North Korea, according to a poll released on Wednesday.
A Nikkei Inc/TV Tokyo survey showed support growing for Abe's push to revise a charter written by the United States after Japan's defeat in World War Two and never amended.
About 46 percent of respondents favoured keeping the constitution as it is, four percentage points lower than a similar poll last year.
The number favouring a change stood at 45 percent, up five percentage points from a year ago.
Nuclear-armed North Korea has over the past year stepped up missile tests, the most recent of which was a failed launch on Saturday.
It has also threatened to attack Japan.
In March, Abe's LDP formally proposed that the government consider acquiring the capability to strike enemy bases and beef up missile defence in the face of the North Korean threat.
Acquiring such weapons would likely anger China, where bitter memories of Japan's wartime aggression run deep.
A separate survey released by Kyodo News on Saturday showed 49 percent of respondents said Article Nine needed to be revised, against 47 percent opposing a change.
(Reporting by Tokyo bureau; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore, Robert Birsel)
Luton Foodbank has launched its ‘Christmas Appeal' as the charity asks kind residents to help adults and children in poverty and crisis.
Luton Foodbank recently launched their own downloadable advent calendar, which asks for much-needed items to help generate donations over the 24 days leading up to Christmas.
Donations from residents are of crucial importance, as demand for food parcels rise again in Luton.
Project co-ordinator Salma Khan, said: “The idea is simple – one item placed in a bag each day of advent, to then be donated to Luton Foodbank.
“Donations from the public are a lifeline that ensure we are here for those in desperate need and the Foodbank uses local referral agencies to ensure that the food is directed to those who really need it.”
Launched in 2013, the charity provide emergency food supplies to local people in crisis and in poverty, working in partnership with local organisations.
Mick Dillon, CEO of Citizens Advice Luton, one of Luton Foodbank's primary partners, claimed: “Every day we see the positive impact a food parcel can have, especially as more working families are struggling to manage against damaging benefit reformations, which must be paused.”
For more information about Luton Foodbank, a list of what to include in your calendar, volunteering opportunities and more, call: 01582 725838.
See the charity website www.lutonfoodbank.org.uk to download the calendar.
(Fixes title on Lars Kobberstad)
April 28 Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) tells Reuters on Friday:
* Norway will not lift ban on Airbus' Super Puma EC225LP and AS332l2 helicopters -NCAA
* NCAA needs more time to consider details in report from The Accident Investigation Board Norway
* NCAA will consider next step in May
* "The Civil Aviation Authority does not lift the aircraft ban until we are completely confident that the helicopter types are safe to fly,” Lars Kobberstad, Director General in NCAA told Reuters
* All 13 people on board were killed when the Super Puma's main rotor blades separated from the aircraft as it was ferrying passengers from a Norwegian offshore oil platform operated by Statoil in April 2016 For more details: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Camilla Knudsen)
Coral reef fin fish will be off limits from Tuesday, October 17.
Coral reef fin fish will be off limits from Tuesday, October 17.
BUNDABERG fishermen are being asked to wind 'er in by the time the new moon comes around.
From Tuesday, October 17 coral reef fin fish will be off-limits to fishermen as they aggregate in waters from Cape York to Bundaberg to spawn.
The eastern boundary of the closure is similar to the eastern boundary of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.
The closure is the first of two for the year, which Queensland Boating and Fisheries Patrol district manager Robert Russell said was aimed at protecting the species.
"The first closure starts immediately after midnight at the beginning of October 17 and ends immediately before midnight at the end of October 21,” he said.
"The second closure starts immediately after midnight at the beginning of November 15 and ends immediately before midnight at the end of November 19.”
Mr Russell said coral reef fin fish include cods and groupers, emperors, parrotfishes, sweetlips, wrasses, coral trout, fusiliers, surgeonfishes, tropical snappers and seaperches.
"It's important fishers are aware of which species are affected by the closure and know how to correctly identify them,” he said.
"A reef fish web guide is available online at www.fisheries.qld.gov.au and the Qld Fishing smartphone app also includes species images to help fishers identify fish listed as coral reef fin fish.
"The coral reef fin fish closures apply to both commercial and recreational fishers. Charter operators who meet qualifying criteria can apply for an exemption.
"Fishers caught doing the wrong thing during the coral reef fin fish closure risk on-the-spot fines of $504 for recreational fishers and $1009 for commercial fishers and a maximum penalty in excess of $121,000.”
Mr Russell said the closure dates change slightly each year depending on the new moon phases, however closure dates through to 2018 have been set to provide certainty and long-term planning for fishers.
For more information on Queensland's closed fishing seasons, visit www.fisheries.qld.gov.au, call 13 25 23 or download the free Qld Fishing app from Apple and Google app stores.
April 13 Citigroup Inc:
* Citigroup reports first quarter 2017 earnings per share of $1.35
* Fixed income markets revenues of $3.6 billion in q1 2017 increased 19%
* Citigroup Inc says Citigroup's allowance for loan losses was $12.0 billion at quarter end, compared to $12.7 billion
* Qtrly equity markets revenues of $769 million increased 10%
* Qtrly GCB revenues of $7.8 billion increased 1%
* Qtrly ICG revenues of $9.1 billion increased 16%
* Citigroup CEO Corbat says "the momentum we saw across many of our businesses towards end of last year carried into first quarter" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by her so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed she didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and her representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
oros-edp - Image1
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
• OROS Industry:
• Beauty Location:
• Kuwait - SALMIYA - Kuwait Subject:
• Products
End
-- Oros' tantalizing fragrances continue their alluring influence around the region. Shoppers at Harvey Nichols, Kuwait were enthralled by the new fragrance saying it leaves behind a trail of scent that you want to follow. All the fragrances are embellished with sparkling Swarovski elements.Exclusively manufactured by Sterling Parfums under licence from Armaf Inc. France, and distributed in Kuwait by Beauty palace, the luxurious French fragrances for women and men are mysteriously discreet yet desirable, clearly in the class of a celebrity fragrance.Oros pour femme is tantalizing and irresistible, presented in a delicately-crafted gold bottle. It has an earthy charm that is both intensely and instantly seductive. Undeniably feminine, the fragrance features pear and lily intertwined with intriguing ylang-ylang, absolute tuberose and jasmine. The enthralling dry down brings out a captivating blend of white musk, patchouli and amber.Black is back – and in style. The Oros pour home is masculine, sexy and provocative. It provides the perfect match for its female counterpart. This outstanding scent is created exclusively for the bold, daring male and presented in an assertive black bottle. It weaves its spell through a combination of floral and woody fragrances that women find hard to resist.Asad Zaidi, General Manager (Sales), Sterling Parfums was delighted to comment"Fragrance plays an important part in a person's life and nobody understands this better than Oros. Our new fragrances give women that extra appeal and men the raw confidence that's missing in their lives. At the very core of our fragrances are the floral elements and the exclusive aromatic ingredients. This is the tipping point."Dr. Rashid Mohsen Alajmi, Owner, Beauty Palace was quick to add "The burst of natural oils, floral ingredients and aromatic spices is what gives the Oros range its unmistakable fragrance. It's undeniably in a class of its own."Oros gets its name from the Spanish world for 'gold'. It uses natural oils for that lingering fragrance. The added attraction are the hand-crafted bottles glittering with a dozen Swarovski crystals. This is a true embodiment of unique sophistication representing each month of the year. The trademark Swavorski stud at the top represents the crowning glory. The fragrances are available in 6 variants to cater to discerning tastes."With the launch of Oros in Kuwait our signature fragrances are leaving their mark around the region and the world. This expanding footprint means that Oros is now available at high-end stores in 11 countries worldwide. And growing," added Mr. Zaidi.
PARIS, April 20 Michelin revenue rose 9.9 percent in the first quarter, buoyed by European auto-market growth and a rebound in demand for outsize mining tyres, the company said on Thursday.
Revenue rose to 5.57 billion euros ($5.99 billion) from 5.07 billion euros a year earlier, Michelin said in a statement. Sales by volume rose 7.3 percent.
The company reiterated its 2017 goals, which include volume growth in line with global markets, an increase in full-year operating income at constant exchange rates and structural free cash flow in excess of 900 million euros. ($1 = 0.9296 euros) (Reporting by Laurence Frost; Editing by GV De Clercq)
April 20 Walmart
* Wal-Mart Stores CEO Douglas McMillon's 2017 total compensation, for fiscal year ended Jan. 31, $22.4 million versus $19.8 million in 2016 - SEC filing
* Wal-Mart - CFO Brett Biggs's 2017 total compensation, for fiscal year ended Jan. 31, $6.4 million versus $8.6 million in 2016
* Wal-Mart announces Carla Harris as a new director nominee
* Wal-Mart - Linda wolf and Pam Craig are retiring from the board and will not stand for re-election
* Wal-Mart says this year's proxy materials seek shareholders' vote on 11 director nominees
* Wal-Mart - New independent nominee Carla Harris is vice chair of the wealth management business segment of Morgan Stanley Source text: (bit.ly/2pII5D4) Source text: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 MTS Systems Corp:
* MTS reports financial results for fiscal year 2016 full year and fiscal year 2017 first quarter
* Sees FY 2017 GAAP earnings per share $0.80 to $1.20
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.55 excluding items including items
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $1.70 including items
* Q1 revenue $650 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.61 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees GAAP earnings per share of $0.80 to $1.20 for fiscal year 2017
* MTS Systems Corp -company is forecasting revenues in range of $760 million to $790 million for fiscal year 2017
* MTS Systems Corp - forecasting adjusted ebitda for full year to range between $115 million and $130 million
* MTS Systems - company's probe confirmed that some employees involved with china test business violated company's code of conduct
* MTS Systems - probe confirmed that some of its employees started a company that competes with mts in low end of materials test market within China
* MTS Systems Corp - investigation did not find any evidence of intellectual property theft
* MTS Systems Corp - investigation identified opportunities to enhance processes and controls related to adherence with company's code of conduct
* MTS Systems-steps are being taken to improve oversight activities in these areas, including creation of a new 'chief risk and compliance officer' Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TLG IMMOBILIEN AG:
* ADAR CAPITAL PARTNERS SAYS DOES NOT INTEND TO INFLUENCE COMPOSITION OF MANAGEMENT BOARD OF TLG IMMOBILIEN AG
* ADAR CAPITAL PARTNERS SAYS ACCORDING TO THEIR SHARE IN TLG SEEKS TO INFLUENCE COMPOSITION OF SUPERVISORY BOARD Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) said on Wednesday it had hired Halfords' boss Jill McDonald to head its clothing division, appointing an executive with no experience in fashion to run its most troubled division.
M&S was once the go-to destination on the British high street for clothes, selling everything from school uniforms to underwear and first interview suits.
But the retailer has been squeezed in recent years by the arrival of fast, cheap fashion at one end of the market and more affordable luxury at the other.
It has invested heavily in recent years to improve its supply chain logistics, products, stores and website, helping it to enjoy a strong Christmas in 2016.
Following is a list of people who have sought to turn around M&S's clothing and homewares business over the past decade or so and how they got on.
Kate Bostock (March 10, 2008)
- Named executive director of clothing as part of an overhaul of the company's management
- Had been with M&S for about four years after previously holding senior roles at fashion retailer Next and the George clothing division at Asda.
- Left in 2012 as M&S' general merchandise division posted its biggest quarterly sales drop for 3-1/2 years partly due to stock management issues that left its stores short of best selling womenswear lines
- Division's annual revenue at beginning and end of the tenure: 4.6 billion pounds and 4.2 billion pounds respectively
Belinda Earl (September 1, 2012)
- Named Style Director in a newly-created part-time role, reporting to the head of general merchandise
- Previously ran retailers Debenhams, Aquascutum and Jaeger
- M&S has since enjoyed some rave reviews for specific items such as a 70s style suede skirt and a pink coat. She remains in the role.
John Dixon (Oct 1, 2012)
- Named executive director, general merchandise
- A company veteran of 26 years and previously executive director, food.
- After helping pioneer M&S's successful Dine-in-for-10 pounds food line, Dixon was moved to revive growth at the company's merchandise business. He left suddenly in 2015 and took up a role in Australia.
- Division's annual revenue at beginning and end of the tenure: 4.2 billion pounds and 4 billion pounds respectively
Steve Rowe (July 16, 2015)
- Appointed executive director, general merchandise
- Had also worked with M&S for over 26 years and he too was previously executive director of food
- During his tenure, M&S' clothing division reported an increase in quarterly sales for the first time in nearly two years at the end of 2016, helping the 133-year-old company to soundly beat forecasts for Christmas trading. Rowe warned however that there was a lot more to do
- He relinquished the role to McDonald on Wednesday
- Division's annual revenue at beginning and end of the tenure: 4 billion pounds and 3.9 billion pounds respectively, with the division now renamed Clothing and Home
(Reporting by Rahul B and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)
(Reuters) - Bournemouth are focussed on their primary target of securing their Premier League status and not chasing their highest finish in the top flight, skipper Simon Francis has said.
Bournemouth thumped champions Chelsea 3-0 at Stamford Bridge in midweek to climb to 10th in the table with 28 points from 25 games. The club enjoyed their best campaign in the top flight last season finishing ninth.
“We have our eye on maintaining our Premier League status. That has always been the most important thing and has been in the past two seasons. Then, we ask where can we go and can we kick on,” defender Francis told the Daily Echo.
“We know how tight it is and how important wins are. We are six games unbeaten and want to try to break the club record in the top flight. We have three massive games coming up and that is why it was important for us to be in a good position.”
Bournemouth welcome Stoke City in the league on Saturday before a trip to Huddersfield Town and the visit of Newcastle United, with all three teams level on 24 points, a point above the relegation zone.
The south-coast club endured a tough start to the campaign and dropped to 18th after a 4-0 hammering by leaders Manchester City in December.
However, they are unbeaten in six league games since, with their best performance coming against Chelsea.
“They (the next matches) are going to be more important than Wednesday because we know we can't take our foot off the gas. We can't over-celebrate and need to focus on Stoke,” Francis said.
April 12 BlackBerry Ltd said on Wednesday Qualcomm Inc was asked to pay the Canadian company about $814.9 million in an interim arbitration decision over royalty overpayments.
The companies in 2016 decided to arbitrate a dispute over Qualcomm's agreement to cap certain royalties applied to payments made by BlackBerry under a licensing deal. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
BEIJING (AP) — An explosion at a chemical plant in eastern China has killed four people, a state news agency reported Sunday.
Six other people were injured in the blast Saturday at the Jinshan Chemical Plant Co., in Linshu County in Shandong province southeast of Beijing, the Xinhua News Agency said.
The company's owner was in police custody and the cause of the blast is under investigation, Xinhua said.
The former home of Zhu Xiangzhi stands roofless under the sky in a cluster of migrant dwellings during its destruction at Dongsanqi village in the outskirts of Beijing. Zhu, a migrant worker from Anhui province, has been in Beijing for 20 years and...more
The former home of Zhu Xiangzhi stands roofless under the sky in a cluster of migrant dwellings during its destruction at Dongsanqi village in the outskirts of Beijing. Zhu, a migrant worker from Anhui province, has been in Beijing for 20 years and makes a living collecting and separating trash for recycling. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Close
March 31 (LPC) - Asia Pacific lending in the first three months of 2017 fell for the fourth consecutive quarter to US$59.45bn, the lowest first-quarter volume in seven years, as China's slowdown and thin M&A activity continued to take a toll.
With the effects of China's cooling economy reverberating across the region, lending activity plummeted 46% from US$110.5bn a year earlier. First-quarter deal count was also down 53% at 173 loans compared to 372 deals a year earlier.
A lack of jumbo acquisition loans saw M&A loans drop 83% with only US$3.9bn of deals closed in the first quarter, compared to US$22.7bn a year ago, as China's government tries to curb capital outflows and ‘irrational' overseas takeovers.
“The biggest factor is Chinese economic activity seems to have slowed down and Chinese outbound M&A activity has declined,” said Atul Sodhi, head of debt origination and advisory for Asia Pacific at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong.
The biggest acquisition-related loan in the first quarter was a US$800m five-year facility backing the US$2.75bn acquisition of a unit of Netherlands-based NXP Semiconductors by a consortium of Chinese investors. In the first quarter a year earlier, the top five M&A loans all exceeded US$1bn, including a US$5bn-equivalent deal backing Cinda Asset Management Co Ltd's purchase of Nanyang Commercial Bank.
Indonesia and Vietnam were the only bright spots in the region. Volumes took a severe hit elsewhere, particularly in Australia, China, Singapore and Taiwan, as borrowers stayed on the sidelines in the current uncertain global economic environment.
Interest rates are expected to rise further later in the year following the US Federal Reserve's 25bp rate rise to a range of 0.75% to 1% in mid-March, which is dampening US dollar denominated lending.
“We are really just talking about small rate increases at the end of the day. The bigger risk for loan markets is how the global economy responds to a rising rate environment,” said Aziz Dean, head of loan markets at Westpac Institutional Bank. BRIGHTER PROSPECTS The deal pipeline is looking stronger with more client inquiries and discussions afoot as borrowers get used to the new normal of higher base rates and grow more confident about the economic environment compared to last year.
“The market pipeline has rebounded and this should be reflected via higher volumes in the data later in the year,” said Phil Lipton, head of loan syndications in Asia Pacific for HSBC in Hong Kong.
Notwithstanding rising US interest rates, borrowers can expect favourable margins and borrowing terms as the recent lack of deals sets the stage for competitive bidding for mandates and banks come under greater pressure to meet budgets after the sharp drop in first-quarter volumes.
“The state of the Asian credit markets is robust and Chinese lenders are expected to continue to dominate activity. Flush liquidity could impact margins on loans,” said Carsten Stoehr, head of Asia Pacific financing group at Credit Suisse.
Chinese internet giant Tencent Holdings Ltd is taking advantage of current conditions and has been on a borrowing spree. In the last 15 months, the company has raised US$15.04bn from four loans, three of which were for general corporate purposes, and has been able to tighten pricing on each loan.
It closed a US$4.65bn five-year bullet loan in March with a dozen banks. Lenders were offered a top-level all-in pricing of 115bp based on an interest margin of 95bp over Libor, which is lower than top-level all-in pricing of 125bp based on an interest margin of 110bp over Libor on a US$2.45bn five-year loan that closed in December 2015.
“The loan market is very competitive in terms of pricing and terms, and is the most attractive for borrowers since the financial crisis,” said Lipton.
Event-driven financings are also expected to pick up later in the year. Chinese companies have completed only US$1.6bn of M&A loans so far this year, but this is expected to accelerate as companies try to get around the government clampdown on outbound M&A.
“M&A activity in Asia is expected to remain robust and China will continue to be key to M&A and related financing. Among the drivers are private equity firms looking to make new investments in Asia or monetise their existing portfolios, as well as the return of the commodity cycle. Liquidity remains strong and should aid M&A activity,” said Stoehr.
“China M&A will pick up as Chinese companies have a strong desire to grow and that growth cannot only come from internally, it must come from external sources too,” said Sodhi. (Reporting by Sharon Klyne and Prakash Chakravarti; editing by Tessa Walsh and Vincent Baby)
* U.S. GDP revised higher, boosted by consumer spending
* Financials lead market higher, defensive utilities drop
* Lululemon slumps after weak first-quarter outlook
* Indexes up: Dow 0.36 pct, S&P 0.34 pct, Nasdaq 0.3 pct (Updates to late afternoon)
By Lewis Krauskopf
March 30 U.S. stocks gained on Thursday, led by financial shares, after data showed U.S. economic growth was stronger than previously reported last quarter, helped by robust consumer spending.
The energy sector rose for a third straight day, supported by stronger oil prices and an 7.6-percent gain for ConocoPhillips, the biggest percentage riser on the S&P 500 after its agreement to sell oil and gas assets.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq was set to rise for a fifth session in a row.
U.S. economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter as robust consumer spending provided a boost, the Commerce Department said. Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent annualized rate instead of the previously-reported 1.9 percent pace.
A record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's November election stalled this month, with some investors pointing to risks to Trump's agenda, including tax reform, after his fellow Republicans failed to pass a healthcare bill.
The GDP report is "basically an affirmation that, hey, at the end of the day, Washington will do and say whatever they are going to do, but the economy is marching forward," said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"It's not just the U.S. economy, but we do see definitely improvement throughout the world," Cavanaugh said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 73.79 points, or 0.36 percent, to 20,733.11, the S&P 500 gained 8.05 points, or 0.34 percent, to 2,369.18 and the Nasdaq Composite added 17.43 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,914.98.
Financial shares surged 1.5 percent, with Bank of America and JPMorgan propping up the S&P 500.
The defensive utilities sector was the worst-performing group, falling 0.8 percent.
Investors are also turning their attention to the impending first-quarter earnings season to support lofty valuations for stocks. The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times.
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
In corporate news, Lululemon Athletica shares plunged 23 percent after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.41-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 87 new highs and 17 new lows. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Nick Zieminski)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Businessmen are seen on the esplanade of La Defense, in the financial and business district in La Defense, west of Paris, September 19, 2014. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
FILE PHOTO - Construction cranes are seen in front of Paris landmark, the Eiffel Tower, May 25, 2015. Picture taken May 25, 2015. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
PARIS The French government left its growth forecast for 2017 unchanged at 1.5 percent in an update on Wednesday of its long-term public finance plans, which the independent fiscal watchdog judged to be "plausible".
The government also said it now expected a public deficit of 2.8 percent of economic output this year, revised from 2.7 percent previously after the 2016 shortfall came in slightly bigger than expected.
President Francois Hollande's outgoing government gave the forecasts in its annual stability programme for the public finances which will be sent on to the European Commission in the coming weeks.
The government estimated the economy would grow 1.5 percent this and next year before gradually picking up to 1.7 percent in 2020. However, the forecasts may be changed under a new administration after France elects a new president next month.
The High Council for the Public Finances, which is tasked by law with giving its opinion on the government's projections, said in a statement that those projections were a reasonable basis for building forecasts for the public finances.
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas and Myriam Rivet; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
A man walks past the building of the National Assembly in Caracas, Venezuela March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
People walk past the building of the National Assembly in Caracas, Venezuela March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
CARACAS Opposition leaders branded Venezuela's socialist President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" on Thursday after the Supreme Court took over the functions of Congress and pushed a lengthy political standoff to new heights.
There was swift and widespread international condemnation of the de facto annulment of the National Assembly, where the opposition won a majority in late 2015 amid an unprecedented economic crisis that has seen Maduro's popularity plummet.
The head of the 34-nation Organization of International States (OAS), Luis Almagro, said the Venezuelan court had dealt the final blows to democracy and accused Maduro's "regime" of carrying out a "coup."
Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Guatemala and Panama expressed strong concerns while Peru withdrew its envoy after what it termed a rupture of democracy.
The United States described the move as a "serious setback for democracy in Venezuela" while the European Union called for a "clear electoral calendar" going forward.
Venezuela's top court had already overturned most National Assembly decisions since the opposition win. Then late on Wednesday, it explicitly stated it was assuming Congress' role in a ruling authorizing Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval.
"As long as the situation of contempt in the National Assembly continues, this constitutional chamber guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by this chamber or another chosen organ," the court said in its ruling.
The contempt charge stems from vote-buying accusations against three lawmakers from southern Amazonas state. Even though they no longer sit in Congress, the court said parliamentary leaders had not handled their case legally.
Critics of Maduro say it is an excuse for him to consolidate power and muzzle the opposition amid a severe recession, soaring inflation and acute shortages of food and medicine.
Maduro, a 54-year-old former bus driver and foreign minister, was narrowly elected in 2013 to replace late leftist President Hugo Chavez. He has accused Washington of leading a push to topple him as part of a wider offensive against leftist governments.
Stung by the rebukes around Latin America, Maduro's government condemned what it described as a "right-wing regional pact" against it on Thursday.
"We reject the Peruvian government's rude support for the violent and extremist sectors in Venezuela," Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez said in a series of tweets.
Leaders of Venezuela's Democratic Unity opposition coalition renewed their demand for early presidential elections and accused Maduro of duplicating Peruvian leader Alberto Fujimori's notorious 1992 closure of Congress.
"Nicolas Maduro has carried out a 'coup d'etat' ... this is a dictatorship," said National Assembly President Julio Borges, before tearing up a copy of the Supreme Court ruling at a news conference in the gardens of the legislature.
"This is trash from people who have kidnapped the constitution, rights and freedom of Venezuelans ... The National Assembly does not recognize the Supreme Court."
PROTESTS
The opposition promised new street protests starting from Saturday - but that tactic has failed in the past despite marches that have drawn hundreds of thousands of protesters.
Last year, the opposition pushed for a referendum to recall Maduro and force a new presidential election, but authorities thwarted them and also postponed local electoral races that were supposed to have been held in 2016.
Maduro's term in office ends in January 2019.
Around a dozen opposition lawmakers trying to march to the Supreme Court on Thursday clashed with National Guard soldiers and pro-government supporters lined up to stop them.
Pockets of youths took to the streets in parts of Caracas and attempted to block a major highway. They held flags and banners saying, "No to dictatorship."
However, numbers were small and they quickly dispersed.
In 2014, a wave of unrest swept the country, leaving more than 40 dead, though now many opposed to the government say they feel protesting is pointless.
"If the international community stays firm, demanding elections, we are sure the government will have to turn back," another opposition leader and two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles said.
Spooked by the opposition's warning that investment deals bypassing Congress would not be valid, foreign oil companies were closely following the political showdown.
As Venezuela tries to raise funds for bond payments and a reeling economy, it has sought to sell stakes in oil fields.
State oil company PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] recently offered Russia's Rosneft a stake in the Petropiar oil joint venture, sources with knowledge of the proposal told Reuters.
"We want to make perfectly clear to all the oil companies that any strategic alliance (that did not go through Congress) is null," Borges said on Thursday.
While some investors could see the Supreme Court sentence as giving them the green light to invest, others are increasingly worried about Venezuela's murky legal framework.
"There is reasonable doubt about the legality of all this," said a source at a foreign oil company.
(Additional reporting by Corina Pons, Eyanir Chinea, Andreina Aponte, Girish Gupta in Caracas, Mitra Taj in Lima, Rosalba O'Brien in Santiago and Enrique Pretel in San Jose; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne and Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Tom Brown and Andrew Hay)
Pulse of the City News' most recent customer satisfaction award winners have all earned the award for five consecutive years.
Contact
Jamie Rawcliffe
***@pulseofthecitynews.com Jamie Rawcliffe
End
-- The construction industry encompasses a wide variety of services. In keeping with its goal of recognizing customer service excellence throughout the industry, Pulse of the City News is proud to honor its most recent Pulse Customer Satisfaction Award winners, which also span a variety of services, including Asphalt Restoration Technology Systems, Inc.; Los Gatos Roofing; and Wood Haven Construction.In affiliation with The Stirling Center for Excellence, Pulse of the City researches building and construction companies to identify those that provide more than just great design and construction services, but also a great customer experience. Pulse's research team accepts public and industry nominations and also analyzes multiple sources, including online customer reviews, blogs, websites, awards and more to put together a balanced and objective rating for each company. The Pulse Award is reserved for those earning the highest ratings of 4 or 5 stars.Frank Andrews, Founder of The Stirling Center, says, "We are especially happy to find those elite companies that repeatedly maintain top-flight customer satisfaction scores in our research and review systems. They are shining examples of the great contribution that leading small businesses make to the quality of our lives and communities, and we salute them!"Asphalt Restoration Technology Systems, Inc. (www.asphaltnews.com)has been serving the Orlando area since 1993. The five-time Pulse Award winner is a leader in the paving and asphalt maintenance industry, focusing on educating consumers about the proper procedures and products for asphalt maintenance. The team at AR Tech has been recognized many times over for its leadership, quality work, honesty and integrity. Visit its Award Page at https://www.pulseofthecitynews.com/ company-details/ 341323... Los fsbdt Gatos Roofing in Los Gatos, Calif. (www.losgatosroofing.com)is a five-time Pulse Award winner, striving daily to bring superior service and excellence in roofing to the community. The team at Los Gatos Roofing is dedicated to providing customers with the absolute finest quality of work through innovation and superior craftsmanship. The company's values, which include honesty, timeliness, and respect for customers and fellow co-workers, demonstrate its commitment to offering the ultimate customer experience on every job. Visit its Award Page at https://www.pulseofthecitynews.com/ company-details/ 34t203... Wood Haven Construction in Houston (www.woodhavenconstruction.net)has handled residential construction and renovation projects in the area for more than three decades with a long record of satisfied customers, leading to its fifth consecutive Pulse Award. Founded on integrity and quality, Wood Haven Construction is known for providing quality at a fair price. In addition to new homes, the company specializes in custom home additions; designer kitchens; bathroom remodels; windows, doors and siding replacement;roofing; decks; patios; outdoor kitchens; and driveway replacements. Visit Wood Haven Construction's Award Page at https://www.pulseofthecitynews.com/company-details/9423x2a453/woodhaven-construction-inc/Houston/TX.What sets the Pulse Award apart is the research behind it. Pulse uses a database of performance information that has been compiled on an ongoing basis since 2009. Then, by determining an annual rating for companies, Pulse offers a level of stability that tells the whole story, not just what the company did last week.The leaders behind Pulse of the City News and The Stirling Center have a lifetime of experience in the real estate, building and construction fields in news and publishing. Pulse of the City News, rooted in the building and construction industry, has teamed with The Stirling Center to bring the benefits of the "customer experience" perspective to the industry. The two firms are dedicated to recognizing building and construction companies and individuals that successfully embrace the combination of quality product and exemplary customer service, and providing services to them and others aspiring to embrace both objectives.The Stirling Center provides "customer-first"learning resources, including articles, courses, and training tools and materials on customer-oriented performance.Pulse of the City News and The Stirling Center are located in Lapeer, Michigan. For more information, call 866-732-9500 or go online to www.pulseofthecitynews.com.
* League leaders Chelsea beat Manchester City 2-1
* Eden Hazard's deflected shot put the Londoners in front
* City equalised after a mistake by Thibaut Courtois
* Keeper's error sees Sergio Aguero tap home from close range
* Hazard had penalty saved but scored from the rebound
* Kompany header struck the bar early in the second half
* Chelsea next visit Bournemouth, Man City host Hull City
LONDON, April 5 CHELSEA 2 MANCHESTER CITY 1
LONDON, April 5 Chelsea recovered from their shock weekend blip with Eden Hazard's double securing a nervy 2-1 victory over Manchester City that maintained a seven-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
Their defeat by Crystal Palace on Saturday re-ignited the title race but Chelsea responded with a gritty display to keep second-placed Tottenham Hotspur -- 3-1 winners at Swansea City -- safely at arm's length with eight games left.
Hazard's deflected strike gave the hosts a 10th-minute lead although City keeper Willy Caballero should have saved his effort.
Sergio Aguero levelled with a tap-in after 26 minutes following a poor clearance by keeper Thibaut Courtois but Hazard restored Chelsea's lead against the run of play in the 35th with a rebound after his weak penalty was saved by Caballero.
City skipper Vincent Kompany, starting a league match for the first time since November, grazed the top of Chelsea's crossbar early in the second half.
Antonio Conte's Londoners had to dig deep late on and had one enormous let-off in stoppage time when John Stones fired over the bar with the goal gaping.
The victory gave Chelsea 72 points to Tottenham's 65. (Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Ken Ferris)
ROME, April 5 An Italian government measure aimed at defending companies from hostile takeovers will be presented as a government amendment to a broader bill on competition policy, a senator from the ruling Democratic Party said on Wednesday.
The government is expected to put the bill to a confidence vote but not date has yet been set, Salvatore Tomaselli told Reuters.
The measure envisages that, to increase transparency, once investors have increased their stake above certain thresholds, they may be forced to state their final objectives.
The government initiative follows aggressive stakebuilding by French media group Vivendi, which has sharply increased its holding in Italian broadcaster Mediaset.
(Reporting by Massimiliano Di Giorgio, writing by Gavin Jones)
(Adds FIbank's shares surge upon announcement)
SOFIA, April 28 First Investment Bank (Fibank) , Bulgaria's third largest lender, said on Friday it had hired Citigroup to advise on its strategic options that could involve attracting new core investors.
The announcement pushed Fibank's shares up 9 percent in midday trading on the Bulgarian bourse, with traders saying the move showed the bank was serious about propping up its capital buffers following a central bank recommendation last year.
"The bank is reviewing strategic opportunities which may include: entering into strategic partnerships and/or consolidations; attracting new core investors; raising new capital to fund the future growth of the bank," it said.
Fibank said this month it had met central bank recommendations to raise about 206 million levs ($115 million) in additional capital by reporting pre-tax, pre-provision profit of 266 million levs for 2016.
The central bank told Fibank to raise further capital after an asset quality review slashed its CET 1 capital ratio to 5.2 percent, and when tested under a theoretical severe economic crisis this fell to -6.9 percent.
The bank has said it has been working to diversify its loan portfolio and reduce credit risk in cooperation with international consultant Bain & Co.
Fibank's financial results showed its CET 1 capital ratio stood at 12 percent in 2016, while overall capital adequacy was at 15 percent. Total assets stood at 8.85 billion levs.
Fibank is controlled by Bulgarian businessmen Tzeko Minev and Ivaylo Mutafchiev, each with 42.5 percent stakes.
($1 = 1.7953 leva) (Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; Editing by Alexander Smith and Edmund Blair)
Ahmed Abdulbaqi
Contact
CelebritySites
***@celebritysites.com CelebritySites
End
--– Ahmed Abdulbaqi, The Growth Coach franchise owner, and co-author ofwith Jack Canfield, posted a new blog on his company website entitled "." Mr. Abdulbaqi defines mindsets that separate businesses into those that struggle and just hang on for awhile and those that grow into lush, thriving businesses.Abdulbaqi states, "Business requires a certain mindset." He adds, "The reason so many businesses fail is that the business owner's mindset is typically focused on things that develop and depend on mere survival skills instead of endeavors that result in thriving."According to Abdulbaqi, "Surviving is the result of trying to reach specific goals, numbers or metrics and becoming frustrated when they are not met." "Thriving," says Abdulbaqi, "uses big goals only as growth motivators. There is no discouragement associated with not reaching the specific goal because it is designed to keep a business reaching further and further. In fact, if the business meets the goal that means it wasn't big enough!""As you can see these two different mindsets lead to two very different results," writes Abdulbaqi. He elaborates, "You can tell the business with the striving mindset because they typically don't get to celebrate more than five years in business. Whereas those businesses that adhere to the growth mindset will be around for decades to come."Read the entire blog at http://www.aathegrowthcoach.com/ will-business- barely-surv... Ahmed always wanted to be a leader. From his early dreams of being a ship captain to a 13-year career as a pilot and experience as a business owner, Ahmed found himself striving for a career that would allow him to be part of a team while taking the initiative toward success. The Growth Coach Franchise delivered precisely the opportunity Ahmed was looking for. His current mission is to inspire business owners in creating Abundance.Ahmed says, "Coaching allows me to express my natural talents to motivate and inspire people to do what they want to do and to achieve their goals and dreams. Coaching is my passion. It connects me with people in a way that is constructive to both of us. My mission is to partner with winners throughout their journey in achieving success and fulfillment."Before becoming a Growth Coach, Ahmed led a flight crew as pilot, studied finance and investing, and owned his own business-consulting firm in Saudi Arabia. As a Growth Coach Ahmed's priority is on helping business leaders find more time for life.The Growth Coach is the only pure business and sales coaching franchise dedicated to helping business owners, managers, management teams, sales professionals and others to find success in business and balance in life. As certified business coaches, we're committed to helping you discover better ways to manage your business and life by guiding you through our unique, on-going Strategic Mindset® business coaching process. Our goal is to help people and businesses find their "why".Our proven coaching process helps you adopt a "big picture" mentality by forcing you to slow down, face reality, and map out a course of action to achieve your goals. Most importantly, we provide on-going accountability to keep you on track and produce lasting results.
Shi'ite Muslim supporters of the Imamia Student Organization (ISO) hold signs as they chant slogans condemning the blast in Parachinar, during a demonstration in Karachi, Pakistan March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Residents gather amid the damages at a market after a blast occurred in Parachinar, Pakistan March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Residents gather near a damaged shop in a market after a blast in Parachinar, Pakistan March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
PARACHINAR, Pakistan A bomb apparently targeting a mosque in Pakistan's northwestern city of Parachinar killed at least 22 people on Friday and wounded dozens in an attack claimed by the Pakistani Taliban.
The explosion in a remote area bordering Afghanistan came as people gathered for Friday prayers near the women's entrance of a Shia mosque in the central bazaar, the latest in a series of attacks across Sunni-majority Pakistan this year.
The local political agent, Ikramullah Khan, said the death toll had reached 22, with 70 wounded.
Sajid Hussain, a parliamentarian from Parachinar, said gunfire preceded the blast, which he described as a suicide attack. The city is located in an area with a large Shia population.
"The attack took place in a busy area and a women's mosque appears to be the target," he said.
The banned Islamist militant group Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), often referred to as the Pakistani Taliban, said the blast was part of its operation Ghazi, named after a radical Islamist leader killed by Pakistani security forces in 2007.
Following a string of earlier incidents this year, the latest attack adds to fears of an increase in sectarian violence in Pakistan, a nuclear-armed state of some 200 million people.
Last month, more than 80 people were killed and dozens wounded in an attack on a crowded Sufi shrine in southern Pakistan that was claimed by Islamic State.
In January, at least 21 people were killed when an explosion hit a vegetable market in Parachinar, capital of the Kurram tribal region, where Pakistani security forces have battled militant groups for years.
That attack was claimed by the TTP and a branch of another militant group, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi Al Alami.
WOUNDED CARRIED IN CARS, AMBULANCES
Authorities said a military rescue helicopter had been sent to the scene to help evacuate the injured.
Mumtaz Hussain, a doctor at the Agency Headquarters Hospital in the region, said five bodies, including a woman and two children, and more than three dozen wounded had been brought to the hospital and an appeal for blood donors had been made.
"Patients are being brought to us in private cars and ambulances and we have received over three dozen patients so far," Hussain told Reuters.
The attacks have shattered hopes that Pakistan may have come through the militant violence that has scarred its recent history and increased pressure on Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government to show it was improving security.
Sharif condemned Friday's attack and said the government would keep up efforts to "eliminate the menace of terrorism".
In a statement, he said: "The network of terrorists has already been broken and it is our national duty to continue this war until the complete annihilation of the scourge of terrorism from our soil."
In the wake of last month's attack in southern Sindh province, security forces launched a major crackdown across Pakistan, killing or detaining hundreds of suspected militants and closing off the border with Afghanistan for several days.
(Additional reporting by Raza Hassan, Saad Sayeed; Editing by James Mackenzie and Nick Macfie)
May 3 Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri As
* Turkcell: bookrunner says visibility on potential investor interest for c.90 pct of the deal size, from a limited market sounding exercise
* Turkcell: bookrunner says price guidance is with reference to market (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
The W Express RVY Cup Amateur Open Golf Championship will be held from February 6 to 9 at the Canlubang Golf and Country Club's North course in Laguna.
Harmie Constantino, who edged Korean ace Hwang Min Jeong by two last year, expects a tougher outing this time with a slew of formidable challengers out to foil her bid, led by The Country Club mainstays Mikha Fortuna, Bernice Ilas and Sofia Chabon, in the 72-hole championship organized and conducted by the National Golf Association of the Philippines.
The tournament, held as part of the PLDT Group National Amateur Golf Tour and backed by the MVP Sports Foundation, is open to amateur golfers with certified handicap index of 8.0 below (men) and 10.0 below (women) with the top 40 and 20 players advancing to the final round in the men's and women's classes, respectively.
Nicole Abelar, Tomi Arejola Sophia Blanco, Laurea Duque, Junia Gabasa, Sofia Legaspi and Kristine Torralba are also in the fold while 10 Koreans have confirmed their participation in the 23rd staging of the event held in honor of the late golf patron and former NGAP president Rod Feliciano.
Keen competition is also expected in the men's side with Tom Kim gunning for a follow-up to his victory in the Philippine Amateur Open Stroke Play at Riviera last month. Runner-up to now pro Ira Alido last year, the young Korean will be facing a crack roster of challengers, headed by Aidric Chan, Carl Corpus, Paolo Wong, Jolo and Jonas Magcalayo, Aniceto Mandanas, Don Petil, Peter Po, Pierre Ticzon, Kristoffer Arevalo, Luis Castro and Sean Ramos.
YARMOUTH — Two police officers in Yarmouth and Freeport were recently recognized by state organizations for their work.
Officer Derek Lucas of the Yarmouth Police Department was honored with a lifesaving award Feb. 3 by the Maine Chiefs of Police Association.
In Freeport, Officer Matthew Moorhouse was given a meritorious service award on Jan. 28 by the Maine Association of Police.
Moorhouse, who was given the award at MAP's annual awards banquet, couldn't be reached for comment. He was one of 27 individuals or groups recognized by MAP.
Lucas, 31, was given the lifesaving award at MCOPA's annual banquet in South Portland after being nominated by his friend, Todd Dort. Dort credited Lucas with saving his life on May 28, 2016, while Lucas was off duty.
Dort, who is from New York, was visiting Maine with his family on Memorial Day weekend and was having a lobster dinner with Lucas at a mutual friend's home in North Yarmouth. According to Lucas, Dort suddenly got up and left the table to go into another room.
“When he came back in he was pointing at his throat and I saw that he was choking,” Lucas said. “It was clear he was in distress.”
Lucas said he immediately went to Dort's aid and gave him the Heimlich maneuver. After eight to 10 thrusts, he said the lobster tail dislodged from Dort's throat.
“I just saw that he was in a lot of distress and was panicking so I just got up and helped him,” Lucas said. “I hope anyone would have reacted that way.”
There were 24 awards given by MCOPA this year, 21 of which were lifesaving awards. According to Yarmouth Police Chief Michael Morrill, who is a member of MCOPA's awards committee, two-thirds of the lifesaving awards were given to police officers and one-third were given to citizens.
Morrill said Dort approached him with the nomination for Lucas.
“He firmly believed Derek saved his life and the committee agreed,” Morrill said.
Morrill said even though Lucas was off-duty when the incident occurred, he reacted like a police officer.
“Derek did just what we'd expect any officer to do,” Morrill said. “He reacted how we'd want any officer to.”
Lucas credited his military and police background for providing him with the skills to save Dort. He is also a trained EMT and has taken a lot of CPR training courses.
Morrill said Lucas' extensive training put him in the position to help Dort effectively.
“He recognized the seriousness of it,” Morrill said. “He was very in tune with what was going on.”
In Lucas' four years with the Yarmouth Police Department, Morrill said he's become known as a caring and helpful person.
“That's how Derek is,” Morrill said. “He just did what he needed to do to help out.”
Being able to help people is why Lucas said he became a police officer. He said “the sigh of relief” Dort and his family let out was very rewarding.
“I became a police officer because I like being an integrated member of the community,” Lucas said. “I don't do it for the money. I do it for that look of appreciation when you help someone out.”
Kate Gardner can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 125 or kgardner@theforecaster.net. Follow her on Twitter: @katevgardner.
Yarmouth Police Officer Derek Lucas, center, received a lifesaving award Feb. 3 from the Maine Chiefs of Police Association for saving the life of Todd Dort, left. Yarmouth Police Chief Michael Morrill, right, is a member of the awards committee.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. food companies called out rising freight costs as a reason for lower profit margins in the holiday quarter, with more pain seen in 2018 as a dearth of drivers and higher diesel prices make it even more expensive to transport products to stores.
Hershey Co, Mondelez International, J M Smucker Co and Campbell Soup Co said higher transportation costs hurt profits during the quarter, preventing them from taking advantage of lower commodity prices.
An increase in truck rates over the next 12 months implies a 15-18 basis point gross margin headwind for U.S. food companies on average, Bernstein analyst Alexia Howard said in a note last week.
Recruiting and retaining truck drivers has been a lingering problem for U.S. trucking companies as they compete for qualified ones at a time of low unemployment, while striving to keep pay, a huge expense, as low as possible.
Fuel costs are rising too. Diesel prices were 37 cents per gallon higher in September-December 2017 than a year ago. The average diesel fuel price per gallon for most of January was up 44 cents from last year.
Structural labor shortages and higher fuel costs would drive truck rates up 5 to 6 percent in the next year, Howard said.
Freight typically accounts for about 5 percent of costs of goods sold, or roughly 3 percent of sales on average for food manufacturing companies.
“Looking across the entire food value chain, the margin headwind could be as high as 50-70 basis points for the entire industry,” Howard said.
Kisses chocolate maker Hershey reported a 1.8 percent fall in adjusted margins, partly hit by freight costs. Oreo-cookies maker Mondelez said margins in the quarter were flat compared with last year with cost of sales rising nearly 3 percent.
This comes despite prices of key ingredient Cocoa falling to a five-month low in December.
Jif Peanut butter maker J.M. Smucker and soup maker Campbell warned in November that freight and truck-related issues would hit margins. The companies are yet to report results for the last quarter of the year.
“Demand for overall transportation is exceeding supply in marketplace and this makes a tough situation more difficult,” said Mark Pogharian, Hershey's vice president for investor relations.
He added that shippers would have limited flexibility to move shipments based on truck availability and may cause overall market rates to increase further. (Reporting by Sangameswaran S, additional reporting by Siddharth Cavale in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
April 5 Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc :
* Teamster flight dispatchers reach tentative agreement with Atlas Air and Polar Air Cargo
* Teamsters- parties came to an agreement not only moving provisions, but also a four-year contract extension
* Teamsters- tentative agreement includes a 30 percent wage increase over life of contract Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 30Tangrenshen Group Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 110 percent to 140 percent, or to be 50 million yuan to 57.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (23.8 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/YC3F6b
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Pandora has found its next CEO. The streaming music pioneer on Monday appointed Roger Lynch as CEO and president effective September 18, 2017. Lynch will also be joining the company's board of directors, we're told.
Pandora co-founder Tim Westergren stepped down from his role as chief executive in late June. CFO Naveen Chopra was appointed to interim CEO at the time as the company started its search for a permanent replacement.
Chopra will continue in his role as CFO, Pandora said on Monday.
Pandora's current chairman, Roger Faxon, said they are thrilled to have Lynch join the team as he brings a stellar leadership reputation, a wealth of consumer experience and a lifelong passion for music to Pandora.
Lynch is best known as the founding CEO of Sling TV, the over-the-top (OTT) Internet television service from Dish Network. Lynch is largely responsible for the creation and launch of Sling TV, the number one live OTT service in the US. According to The Verge, he is also the lead guitarist in classic rock and R&B band The Merger.
Prior to Sling TV, he served in executive leadership roles with Dish Network, EchoStar Corporation and Chello Broadband.
Lynch said that as a lifelong musician and exuberant music fan, this is the perfect opportunity to combine his industry experience with his love for music.
Pandora also announced that it is adding Snap Inc. chairman Michael Lynton to its board. Lynton has years of leadership under his belt at companies including Sony Entertainment, AOL and Penguin Publishing. He joined Snap's board in 2013 and was named chairman last year.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Norwegian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Aalesund 1 Viking Stavanger 1 FK Haugesund 2 Stabaek 2 Kristiansund BK 2 Sarpsborg 08 2 Brann Bergen 2 Odd Grenland 0 Stromsgodset IF 3 Lillestrom 1 Saturday, August 12 Molde 1 Rosenborg Trondheim 2 Friday, August 11 Sandefjord Fotball 2 Sogndal 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Rosenborg Trondheim 19 12 5 2 39 15 41 ------------------------- 2 Sarpsborg 08 19 9 7 3 31 19 34 3 Brann Bergen 19 8 7 4 35 17 31 ------------------------- 4 Molde 19 9 4 6 31 22 31 ------------------------- 5 Sandefjord Fotball 19 8 3 8 26 30 27 6 FK Haugesund 18 7 5 6 23 21 26 7 Stabaek 19 7 5 7 29 35 26 8 Stromsgodset IF 19 6 7 6 25 26 25 9 Odd Grenland 18 7 4 7 14 21 25 10 Aalesund 19 6 6 7 25 25 24 11 Valerenga Oslo 17 6 5 6 22 23 23 12 Lillestrom 19 6 5 8 28 31 23 13 Sogndal 19 5 5 9 22 30 20 ------------------------- 14 Kristiansund BK 19 4 7 8 25 34 19 ------------------------- 15 Viking Stavanger 19 3 6 10 20 31 15 16 Tromso 17 3 5 9 17 32 14 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 14: Relegation play-off 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 Valerenga Oslo v Tromso (1700)
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
A combination picture shows portraits of the candidates who will run in the second round in the 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron (L), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party... REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - The choice facing French voters has become clear after the first round of the country's presidential elections on Sunday. The pro-European reformer Emmanuel Macron will face the far-right protectionist Marine Le Pen in a runoff on May 7, projections showed. The independent centrist Macron is the clear favourite – a relief for investors who feared the rise of anti-EU candidates. His chances of victory are, however, better than his ability to deliver on promises of change.
The scale of Macron's achievement is hard to overstate. Just a year after setting up his En Marche! movement the 39-year old has ended six decades of domination by France's two mainstream political parties, whose candidates both immediately gave him their endorsement. Yet he remains a more conventional choice than Le Pen and the hard-left Jean-Luc Melenchon, whose support had surged in recent weeks. That helps explain the 2 percent rise in the euro against the dollar as markets began to open in Asia.
Yet winning the presidency may turn out to be the easy part for the former Rothschild banker. French voters might be more apt to vote for a reformer than to embrace the changes he espouses. Policies that Macron championed as economy minister in President Francois Hollande's Socialist government were watered down following union opposition and demonstrations. He even faced resistance from within the ruling party.
Macron's movement lacks the party machinery that will be essential to winning France's legislative election in June. Barring another political earthquake, he is therefore likely to be dependent on one of the main political parties to implement policies that include reducing headcount in the public sector and negotiating at company level the number of hours that employees work.
Granted, the reformist wing of the France's Socialist party could back his plans. And the centre-right Les Republicains may be more favourably disposed to such changes. But neither party will have much incentive to expend political capital in passing reforms that irk some voters on behalf of an unaffiliated president. Macron will face his real challenge if he clinches the presidency in two weeks' time.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ST. LOUIS — Many community banks are at risk of becoming irrelevant unless they rethink their business models.
That was perhaps the key takeaway at a community banking research conference hosted by the Federal Reserve and the Conference of State Bank Supervisors this week, where bankers, regulators and other industry experts painted a stark picture of what the new normal will be for smaller institutions.
Ryan Moore of the U.S. watches his chip to the 17th green roll in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
AUGUSTA, Georgia On a congested U.S. Masters leaderboard full of major champions and big names, American Ryan Moore has slipped quietly under the radar in his bid to win a first major title.
The 34-year-old has put together rounds of 74, 69 and 69 to move to four under par, two shots behind leaders Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia and right in the mix.
"It's never a bad thing to be under the radar," Moore told reporters. "It can't hurt. I like to just kind of pace myself and do my thing.
"But I've got to go out and play good golf tomorrow, that's all that matters in the end."
Moore produced another solid round on Saturday, posting six birdies to offset three bogeys to sit alongside compatriots Jordan Spieth and Charley Hoffman on the Augusta leaderboard.
"It was very similar to yesterday," he said. "I shot the ball really nice off the tee, which is so important out here now.
"I was able to the hit some irons around the hole which gave me some opportunities and made a couple of putts when I needed to, a couple of breaks, par savers in there, and a couple of nice birdies."
Moore, the world number 38 who has registered five PGA Tour victories, enjoyed his finest hour when he beat Lee Westwood in the singles at last year's Ryder Cup to clinch victory for the United States over Europe.
But the soft spoken American is usually happy to stay out of the limelight.
"I'm really not an emotional up-and-down person in general," he said. "I learned at a young age that does not work on the golf course for me."
Moore will play in the final round with Hoffman, who had been in the lead since an impressive opening 65 in blustery winds, but dropped three shots over the closing holes on Saturday on the way to a 72.
"Everything was good, I put myself in position pretty much all day," said Hoffman, 40, who is also chasing his maiden major.
The world number 52 made a bad error on the par-three 16th hole, pulling a seven-iron into water and making a double-bogey.
"The swing on 16, it happens," Hoffman said. "It was a bad one. I was able to regroup and make a couple pars coming in, two birdies looks. I'm two back, I've been playing good golf and I'm really happy with where I'm at."
(Editing by Larry Fine)
COPENHAGEN, March 31 Denmark should tighten mortgage regulations for some of its most highly indebted households to help protect financial stability, the country's powerful Systemic Risk Council said in a statement.
Specifically, the government should prevent most borrowers in Copenhagen and Aarhus, the top two cities, from taking on interest-only or variable-interest loans if their debts exceed 400 percent of pretax income, the advisory body added.
Only about 15 percent of loans granted by mortgage institutes in the two regions should be exempt from the restrictions, it said.
The risk panel, which includes the Danish central bank governor and the head of the Financial Supervisory Authority as well as other experts, was established in 2013 in response to the 2008 financial crisis.
Danish housing prices fell sharply in the wake of the crisis, but key urban areas have since seen a booming property market accompanied by rising household debt.
The government has now three month's time to adopt the request from the council. If refused the government needs to publish an account, where it explains and argues its reasons for not following the request.
Denmark's covered bond market amounts to about 2.8 trillion Danish crowns ($402 billion). ($1 = 6.9596 Danish crowns) (Reporting by Erik Matzen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the horrifying moment a gunman tried to murder a man in his car - shooting him point blank in the chest.
The shocking CCTV footage, which has been released by West Midlands Police shows the victim entering his parked BMW one series coupe on Tiverton Road in Selly Oak, just moments before an armed man runs towards the vehicle.
He then quickly pulls out a gun and blasts the 27-year-old driver in the chest at point blank range. The hooded man - who has now been identified by advanced facial mapping technology as Chad Greatbatch - then flees the scene.
Doctors said the victim was lucky to be alive after the bullet passed through the car window, hitting him in the shoulder before travelling through his chest and lodging under skin on his neck.
Police stopped Greatbatch four days after the incident - which happened at 11.30pm on July 10 last year - after officers found a loaded St Ettiene revolver in the foot-well of his car on Bristol Road, Edgbaston.
The 21-year-old was handed a six-and-a-half year jail sentence last September for possessing a firearm and drugs supply but detectives were not able to prove he was the gunman.
West Midlands Police used advanced facial mapping technology – digitally comparing Chad Greatbatch's features with CCTV of the offender – to prove he pulled the trigger of the 9mm pistol.
Examination of his phone revealed internet searches to source handguns and mapping technology linked Greatbatch's seized car to the one used to escape the scene of the shooting.
Greatbatch admitted to the attempted murder and was jailed for 25 years at Birmingham Crown Court on October 6.
Investigating officer, Detective Constable Gareth Johnson, said although the motive for the shooting was unclear, it was a targeted attack understood to be connected to a drug dealing.
He said: “What is for certain is that the victim had a near miraculous escape: the bullet travelled through his chest yet he managed to get out of the car and run for help.
“Despite coming close to being killed, the victim refused to co-operate with the enquiry – but just because a victim won't talk to us does not mean we can't push for a prosecution and conviction.
“We had Greatbatch in police custody just a few days after the shooting and he has now been taken out of society for a very long time and no longer poses a danger.
Greatbatch will face more than 30 years behind bars including the sentence for drug supply and firearms possession.
Detective Chief Inspector Nick Dale warned that the net was closing in on people linked to organised crime in the south of the city.
“There's been a series of high-profile incidents this year that have understandably caused concern in the community. It is unacceptable people are being made to feel fearful in their communities…we understand those concerns and have taken action.
“Our enquiries have identified a number of people we suspect are aligning themselves with gangs…rest assured we will be taking strong action against these individuals that could see them put before the courts and potentially jailed," he added.
If you suspect anyone is involved in gang related crime call West Midlands Police on 101 or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
March 28 Ericsson CEO Borje Ekholm at conference call:
* Says we don't see change in the outlook we had earlier
* Says there will be no big announcements on job cuts
* Ericsson has previously forecast the mobile infrastructure market to decline by 2 to 6 pct in 2017 Further company coverage: (Reporting By Olof Swahnberg)
A worker checks cars made by South Korea's automakers Hyundai Motor and affiliate Kia Motors at their shipping yard at a port in Pyeongtaek, about 70 km (43 miles) south of Seoul July 25, 2013. REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won
SEOUL South Korea's automakers association is concerned about the possible revision of the country's trade deal with the United States, an official of the industry group said on Friday.
The remarks follow comments to Reuters by U.S. President Donald Trump that he would renegotiate or terminate "the horrible" trade deal with South Korea.
"We are worried about the uncertainty of the deal," Kim Tae-nyen, vice president at the Korea Automobile Manufacturers Association (KAMA), told Reuters by telephone.
The KAMA is an industry group of South Korean automakers, including Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin)
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
April 3 Insys Therapeutics Inc on Monday reported a 41.6 percent decline in quarterly revenue, hurt by a fall in demand for its pain drug, Subsys.
Insys said last week it would restate some financial statements after identifying errors related to accounting for some product sales allowances.
The company reported a net loss of $3.7 million or 5 cents per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, compared with a profit of $18.1 million or 24 cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue fell to $54.9 million from $93.9 million. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
FRANKFURT, April 5 The head of Germany's central bank would be happy to see the European Central Bank's bond-buying programme end within a year, he is quoted as saying by German weekly Die Zeit.
"The time to keep the foot no longer on the metal, but to take it off slightly ... is approaching in my view," Jens Weidmann said in an interview due to be published on Thursday.
In a preview of the article, the magazine said the Bundesbank president said he would be happy if bond purchases had ended one year from now. (Reporting by Francesco Canepa; Editing by Alison Williams)
PARIS May 2 European spot electricity prices for day-ahead delivery diverged on Tuesday as higher demand and tight nuclear power availability supported those in France, while in Germany, the contract was weighed sown by an increase in solar supply.
* The French baseload electricity contract for Wednesday delivery gained 4.75 euros to 46.50 euros ($50.76) per megawatt-hour (MWh) compared with the price paid on Friday for Tuesday delivery, its last trading day before the May Day holiday.
* The German spot for Wednesday delivery lost 1.45 euros to 33.05 euros (MWh), compared with the price paid on Friday for Tuesday delivery.
* French electricity demand is expected to rise by nearly 1 gigawatt (GW) on Wednesday to 54.4 GW as the average temperature is expected to remain slightly below seasonal norm, down 0.1 degree Celsius, Thomson Reuters data showed.
* In Germany, demand is expected to rise by 1.4 GW to 68.4 GW, the data also showed.
* French nuclear power supply is seen at 71.86 percent of capacity compared 76 percent on Thursday. The restart of two reactors on Tuesday was offset by an unplanned outage at EDF's 1,300 MW Goldfech 1 reactor.
* In Germany, electricity output from wind turbines will fall by 3.3 GW to about 11 GW, while solar power availability will rise by 1.6 GW to 5.7 GW, according to the data.
* Along the power forward curve, prices were mixed with the German Cal '18 benchmarks up 0.51 percent at 29.60 euros/MWh as coal firmed, while oil, gas and carbon fell.
* The equivalent French power contract fell 0.50 percent to 35.80 euros.
* Dec' 17 expiry EU carbon slipped 0.88 percent to 4.53 euros a tonne, while coal prices cif North Europe for 2018 rose 0.31 percent to $66.95 a tonne.
* In eastern Europe, the Czech Wednesday contract fell 1.6 euros to 32.80 euros/MWh, while the year-ahead position was untraded after a 30.04 euro close. ($1 = 0.9160 euros) (Reporting by Bate Felix, editing by David Evans)
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak arrives at the Indian Ocean Rim Association (IORA) Summit in Jakarta, Indonesia March 7, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Rosa Panggabean/via REUTERS
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said he will not sever ties with North Korea, state news agency Bernama reported on Friday, after a diplomatic row between the two countries ended this week.
Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of the North's leader Kim Jong-un, was murdered at Kuala Lumpur's airport on Feb. 13 in a bizarre assassination using toxic nerve agent, sparking a row between the two countries that had friendly relations before.
Three North Koreans wanted for questioning over the murder left Malaysia on Friday along with the body of Kim Jong Nam after Malaysia agreed a swap deal that saw nine Malaysians allowed to return home from Pyongyang.
(Reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi; Editing by Nick Macfie)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
MANILA (Reuters) - Budget airline group AirAsia is looking at buying Boeing 787s to expand the fleet of its long-haul arm AirAsia X, Chief Executive Tony Fernandes said on Friday.
“AirAsia X will need more planes. We are now looking at (Airbus) 330 (and) 350s, (Boeing) 787,” Fernandes told reporters on the sidelines of a business forum in Manila.
The AirAsia group, which has already ordered A330s and A350s, has been exclusively linked to Airbus planes but industry experts say Boeing 787s could fit into its long-haul operations.
Fernandes said the group was also keen on buying more of Airbus A321neo long-range jets after purchasing 100 of them. “We will certainly need more going forward,” he said.
AirAsia, which flies close to 200 airplanes and is the largest operator of Airbus's best-selling A320 jet, has airlines in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines, India and Japan and plans to expand into China and Vietnam.
Fernandes said last month that the group plans to add around 30 jets to its airline affiliates across Asia this year amid strong demand growth.
FILE PHOTO - An aerial view shows the National Security Agency (NSA) headquarters in Ft. Meade, Maryland, U.S. on January 29, 2010. REUTERS/Larry Downing/File Photo
WASHINGTON The U.S. National Security Agency said on Friday it had stopped a form of surveillance that allowed it to collect without a warrant the digital communications of Americans who mentioned a foreign intelligence target in their messages, marking an unexpected triumph for privacy advocates long critical of the practice.
The decision to stop the once-secret activity, which involved messages sent to or received from people believed to be living overseas, came despite the insistence of U.S. officials in recent years that it was both lawful and vital to national security.
The halt is among the most substantial changes to U.S. surveillance policy in years and comes as digital privacy remains a contentious issue across the globe following the 2013 disclosures of broad NSA spying activity by former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden.
"NSA will no longer collect certain internet communications that merely mention a foreign intelligence target," the agency said in a statement. "Instead, NSA will limit such collection to internet communications that are sent directly to or from a foreign target."
NSA also said it would delete the "vast majority" of internet data collected under the surveillance program "to further protect the privacy of U.S. person communications."
The decision is an effort to remedy privacy compliance issues raised in 2011 by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a secret tribunal that rules on the legality of intelligence operations, sources familiar with the matter said.
The court recently approved the changes, NSA said in its statement.
The NSA is not permitted to conduct surveillance within the United States. The so-called "about" collection went after messages that mentioned a surveillance target, even if the message was neither to nor from that person.
That type of collection sometimes resulted in surveillance of emails, texts and other communications that were wholly domestic. The NSA will continue to collect communications directly involving intelligence targets.
Friday's announcement came as a surprise to privacy advocates who have long argued that "about" collection was overly broad and ran afoul of the U.S. Constitution's protections against unreasonable searches.
Julian Sanchez, a privacy and surveillance expert with the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, called the decision "very significant" and among the top priorities of surveillance reform among civil liberties groups.
"Usually you identify a specific individual to scrutinize their content; this was scrutinizing everyone's content to find mentions of an individual," Sanchez said.
Other privacy advocates seized on the change to advocate for additional reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). The part of the law under which the banned surveillance occurred, known as Section 702, is due to expire at the end of the year unless Congress reauthorizes it.
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden said in a statement he would introduce legislation "banning this kind of collection in the future."
A U.S. government official familiar with the matter said the change was motivated in part to ensure that Section 702 is renewed before it sunsets on Dec. 31, 2017. FISA has come under increased scrutiny in recent months amid unsubstantiated claims by President Donald Trump and other Republicans that the Obama White House improperly spied on Trump or his associates.
Pieces of differing bits of digital traffic are often packaged together as they travel across the internet. Part of the issue with "about" collection stemmed from how an entire packet of information would be vacuumed up if one part of it contained information, such as an email address or phone number, connected to a foreign target.
NSA told the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board as recently as last year that changes to "about" collection were not "practical at this time," according to a report from the government watchdog.
News of the surveillance activity being halted was first reported on Friday by The New York Times, which first revealed its existence in 2013, two months after Snowden leaked intelligence documents to journalists.
(Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball; writing by Eric Beech; editing by Tim Ahmann, Leslie Adler and Bill Rigby)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
LONDON, May 3 (IFR) - A strong recovery in equities trading enabled BNP Paribas to report a 20% rise in revenues at its corporate and institutional banking division, in line with US peers and better than many European rivals, which reported weaker figures last month.
First-quarter CIB revenues were €3.22bn compared with €2.69bn in the same period a year earlier when the French bank reported a 41% fall in equities revenues to €428m. This time that bounced back by 36% to €580m, which is still below the €725m level recorded two years ago.
The group's larger fixed income, currencies and commodities arm also recovered, with revenues surging by 32% to €1.17bn, roughly the same level as two years ago. Like others, BNP Paribas has benefited from strong activity in rates. It also said FX was “good”, unlike in some banks.
The lender differs from most others by also including fees from primary debt capital markets in this division. That has been strong across all banks, in comparison with the unusually weak period seen a year earlier.
BNP Paribas' dominant euro-business also benefited from the European Central Bank's corporate bond purchasing programme, which has encouraged many major issuers to come to market before any possible monetary policy changes.
The bank has outlined plans to reduce annual costs by €900m in its CIB division over the next three years so cost-to-income is 64% by 2020. Over this quarter overall divisional expenses went up 11% to €2.51bn, which was smaller than the top line increase.
However, that still meant cost-to-income was 77.8%, leaving management with much to do to meet its target. The bank said the CIB had incurred €43m of one-off “transformation” costs in the quarter. As part of this it sold a sub-profitable €2.5bn portfolio of positions.
Nearly half of CIB's revenues come from resilient businesses – securities services and corporate banking. The former saw revenues rise 8.5% to €478m year-on-year, benefiting from new contracts such as looking after €60bn of assets for Spanish insurer Mapfre.
In corporate banking, BNP Paribas remains a dominant syndicated loan arranger in Europe. Volumes here rose 7.2% year-on-year to €135.3bn. In transaction banking the group is still winning business from a deal to take on RBS clients after the UK bank pulled out of this area. Revenues across corporate banking went up 6.7% to €991m.
“The CIB rebounded strongly from a low base in the first quarter of last year,” said chief executive Jean-Laurent Bonnafe in a video interview on the bank's website. (Reporting by Christopher Spink)
OSLO, March 31 The trial of Hexagon AB CEO Ola Rollen for insider trading in Norway is expected to last from October 30 to December 1, the Oslo district court told Reuters on Friday.
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. Representative Jim Jordan (R-OH) departs a health care meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Representative Chris Collins is interviewed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela
U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) departs a health care meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON Deep divisions cut short Republican hopes for a quick revival of Obamacare replacement legislation on Wednesday, as Congress prepared to leave town for a two-week recess without a deal to end party infighting.
"We are going to go home tomorrow without a deal," Congressman Chris Collins, a Republican moderate in the U.S. House of Representatives, told reporters.
A White House ally, Collins said days of negotiations have broken down over conservative demands to allow states to waive popular Obamacare policies that protect sick people from price discrimination and allow young adults to stay on their parents' healthcare plans until age 26.
He said the hard-line conservative House Freedom Caucus was "moving the goal posts" for negotiations, risking potential support from moderate Republicans.
Both sides of the debate have warned that the Republican push for healthcare reform, one of President Donald Trump's top campaign promises, could lose momentum if lawmakers left this week without a deal to bridge fissures that led to the legislation's failure on March 24, when House Speaker Paul Ryan canceled a vote.
Earlier on Wednesday, Heritage Action Chief Executive Mike Needham told reporters his conservative group was looking at ways to target House moderates known as the Tuesday Group, with attack ads in their districts and other tactics.
But Ryan told a forum that the discussions had been "very productive" and emphasized that Republican leaders have not set a deadline for agreement.
"We can keep working this for weeks now," Ryan said. "We've got time to figure this out."
Republicans have been railing against President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act since its enactment in 2010. On Tuesday, some Republican lawmakers expressed hope the Trump White House would unveil a healthcare bill. Some conservatives said a vote by the House was possible this week.
The legislation has not yet emerged, despite talks with Republican lawmakers led by Vice President Mike Pence. A House Republican leadership aide said on Wednesday that plans remained on track for the divided chamber to begin a more than two-week recess by mid-afternoon on Thursday.
Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, late on Tuesday said, "There's a concern on my part that if we're making real progress, that going home sends the wrong message."
Meadows told reporters on Wednesday he had not yet heard from the White House about timing of the next negotiation session.
Still, the negotiations will allow lawmakers to return to their home districts and tell voters they are trying to deliver on a campaign promise that helped them win election.
In an interview with Axios and NBC television, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Republicans will produce a healthcare bill, but did not provide a timetable.
Late on Tuesday, following a closed-door meeting with House Republicans, Pence told reporters there was "good talk, good progress" toward a bill. He did not elaborate.
Republican lawmakers have said efforts are focused on maintaining Obamacare's essential health benefits, such as mental health coverage and maternity care. But states could apply for waivers if they could improve coverage and reduce costs.
If major portions of Obamacare are repealed, there were discussions of creating a "backstop" so premiums do not spike for people with chronic illnesses in high-risk insurance pools.
(Additional reporting by Amanda Becker; Editing by David Gregorio and Nick Zieminski)
NEW DELHI, April 9 A consortium of investors led by Indian private equity fund True North has agreed to acquire Religare Enterprises Ltd's health insurance business in the country, the groups said in a joint statement on Sunday.
The deal, which still needs regulatory approvals, values the Religare Health Insurance at 13 billion rupees ($202.3 million).
The move is part of Religare's strategy to consolidate and focus on its core business of financial services.
The transaction, Religare and True North said in a release, "marks the single largest investment in a standalone health insurance company in India".
J.P. Morgan acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Religare Enterprises on the transaction.
($1 = 64.2660 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy and Aditya Kalra; Editing by Euan Rocha)
Cheverus' Abby Cavallaro goes to the floor to gain possession during the Stags' 61-39 home win over Sanford last week.
Waynflete's Askar Houssein goes up for two points during the Flyers' recent victory at rival North Yarmouth Academy.
(Ed. Note: For the complete Cheverus-Oxford Hills and Waynflete-NYA boys' basketball and Cheverus-Sanford, Portland-Sanford and Waynflete-NYA girls' basketball game stories, with photos, see theforecaster.net)
Out with the old, in with the new and the winter sports season rolls on.
Just about every local team has now seen action of some sort and early results are encouraging.
Here's a glimpse:
Boys' basketball
Defending Class AA boys' basketball champion Portland entered the new year 4-1 after beating visiting Lewiston (73-31) and losing at Edward Little (76-70) to close 2016. Terion Moss had 25 points and Griffin Foley added 15 in the victory. Moss scored 18 points and Charlie Lyall had a double-double (16 points, 14 rebounds) in the setback which snapped the Bulldogs' 16-game win streak. Portland was at Noble Tuesday, goes to Bangor Saturday and returns home Tuesday of next week to meet Scarborough.
Cheverus suffered its first loss, 71-51, at Edward Little, despite 16 points from Jack Casale, then improved to 4-1 with a 55-44 home victory over Oxford Hills, as Casale had 28 points and Jesse Matthews added 11 (with seven rebounds).
“We didn't play well (at Edward Little),” said Casale. “We knew we had to come out ready to play. We knew (Oxford Hills would) be ready, so we had to be tough.”
“We want to defend our home gym,” said Matthews. “We're undefeated here so far. We just wanted to send a message.”
“We started a little slow tonight, but we ratcheted it up on defense and got stops.” added Stags coach Ryan Soucie. “It starts with our defense. We had a lot of steals. That's who we have to be. If we don't get stops, we'll have a hard time.”
Cheverus was at Massabesic Monday, goes to Bangor for a makeup game Wednesday and hosts Deering Friday (see theforecaster.net for game story).
The Rams were 5-1 entering the week after victories at Lewiston (66-58), Bangor (65-49) and Sanford 62-56). Against the Blue Devils, Ben Onek led the way with 19 points. In the win over Bangor, in a game played at the Augusta Civic Center, Onek scored 21 more. Manny Chikuta paced the victory over the Spartans with 24 points. Deering was home against Gorham Tuesday and goes to Cheverus Friday.
Defending C South champion Waynflete has been idle since a 53-44 victory at rival North Yarmouth Academy Dec. 20. In that one, Jack Meahl had 21 points and Askar Houssein added 11, including some big hoops late, as the Flyers beat the Panthers for the 15th consecutive time.
“I did what I had to do to help us win,” Houssein said.
“We stayed more composed in the second half,” Meahl said. “We were frantic in the first half. Down the stretch, we were more heady with the ball.”
“I was proud of how the kids handled the adversity,” added Waynflete coach Rich Henry. “We executed down the stretch and got key stops.”
The 3-1 Flyers were at Wells Tuesday, host Traip Academy Wednesday, visit Old Orchard Beach Saturday and play host to Greater Portland Christian School Tuesday of next week.
Girls' basketball
The biggest early-season story on the girls' side came at Portland, where coach Jay Lowery stepped down after losses at Lewiston (67-49) and at home to Edward Little (75-41) dropped the Bulldogs to 0-4 just before Christmas. Lowery was replaced by Gerry Corcoran, a former standout at Northeastern University and a one-time Boston Celtics seventh-round draft pick, who previously coached at Dean Junior College and for a short time at the professional level with the Cape Cod Frenzy of the American Basketball Association.
Corcoran's first game came last Tuesday when Portland played hard, but lost at home to Sanford, 50-37. Senior captain Taylor Sargent had 16 points in the setback.
“It's been challenging,” Sargent said. “We've had to come together as a team and keep going. It's a new chapter. The captains just told everyone to stay positive and cheer everyone.”
“The girls came out and played like I've known them for awhile,” Corcoran said. “We preach effort and they brought it. We were right there in the first half. I told the team we'd run out of gas in the second half.”
“I'm thrilled to have someone with (Gerry's) basketball knowledge and coaching resume as part of the Bulldog family,” said Portland athletic director Rob O'Leary.
Last Thursday, the Bulldogs fell to 0-6 after a 73-36 home loss to defending AA champion Gorham. Portland was home against Bonny Eagle Tuesday, visits Bangor Saturday and is home against Scarborough Monday of next week.
Deering's win streak was four entering the new year after victories over visiting Sanford (43-17), visiting Lewiston (58-42) and at Bangor (48-38). Tasia Titherington had 17 points and Amanda Brett a dozen in the win over the Spartans. Brett had 19 points and Titherington 15 against the Blue Devils. In the win over Bangor, Brett, Delaney Haines and Abi Ramirez all had 12 points. The Rams were at Cheverus in a playoff rematch Tuesday, go to Massabesic Saturday and visit Windham Tuesday of next week.
After starting 2-0, Cheverus lost at home to Edward Little (37-34) and at Oxford Hills (52-44). Abby Cavallaro had 13 points and Emme Poulin 11 at the Red Eddies. The Stags improved to 3-2 last Thursday with a 61-39 home win over Sanford. Cavallaro led the way with 16 points, Kaylin Malmquist added 14 and Cheverus hit five first quarter 3-pointers and never looked back.
“We needed to get back in the win column,” said Cavallaro. “We came out knowing that we needed to win this game to get where we want to go. We came out hungry and wanting to win and it paid off.”
“(Abby) absolutely has a green light,” said Cheverus coach Steve Huntington. “They all do. Shooting 3s is who we are. We have a bunch of shooters. Not letting them shoot would be like having Tom Brady not pass the ball. We focus on shooting in rhythm, not just shooting 3s for taking 3s sake.”
The Stags were home with Deering Tuesday, go to Maine Girls' Academy Thursday (seeking their first-ever victory over the Lions) and visit Bangor Friday.
MGA will enter its game against Cheverus 2-4 after losses at Thornton Academy (53-29) and at home to Scarborough (45-32) and a 50-38 home victory over Noble. Serena Mower had eight points against the Golden Trojans. Jill Joyce led the way against the Red Storm with nine points. Reid had 14 points and Maddy Beaulieu 11 in the victory. The Lions are home with Marshwood Tuesday of next week.
Waynflete closed the old year with a 55-34 win at NYA and a 63-44 setback at Lake Region. In the win, Annika Brooks had 16 points, Lydia Giguere added 14 and Emi Boedeker finished with 10.
“I'm so excited,” Giguere said. “I think it'll be a really good season. I can only see us going up from here. With our work ethic, we can go far.”
“The girls played hard, like they're accustomed to doing,” said Flyers coach Mike Jefferds. “NYA is much improved. We told our kids they couldn't go to sleep against them.”
Giguere scored 21 more points in the loss. The Flyers were home with Wells Tuesday, go to Traip Academy Wednesday, visit Old Orchard Beach Saturday and play host to Greater Portland Christian School Tuesday of next week.
Hockey
Cheverus and Portland/Deering's boys' hockey teams did battle in the “City Cup” Monday afternoon (see theforecaster.net for game story).
The Stags entered the game 2-3 after sandwiching recent losses at Biddeford (3-2) and Scarborough (3-0) around a 6-1 home victory over St. Dom's. Lukas Church, Cam Dube, Marco Giancotti, Ryan McSorley, Sean Walsh and David Woodford all had goals in the win. Cheverus goes to South Portland Saturday.
Portland/Deering was 3-0 entering the “City Cup,” with its most recent win an 11-0 blanking of visiting Marshwood. Cameron Clifford, Joe Herboldsheimer, Jake Luce and Donato Tocci all scored twice and Mason Martell, Milkas Silva and Dom Tocci had one goal apiece. Portland/Deering hosts South Portland Thursday and visits Bangor Saturday.
The Waynflete/South Portland/Freeport co-op team was 1-3-1 at press time after a 4-2 loss to Noble last week.
The Cheverus and Portland/Deering girls' teams also met in the “City Cup” Monday.
The Stags entered at 2-5 after recent home losses to St. Dom's (9-0) and Brunswick (6-4). Cheverus goes to Biddeford/Thornton Academy Wednesday and plays at York Saturday.
Portland/Deering was 1-7 after losses to visiting York (9-0) and at Lewiston (7-1).
The Waynflete/Cape Elizabeth/South Portland co-op team was 4-3 entering a home showdown with powerhouse Scarborough Monday. The squad's last outing resulted in a 7-6 loss at Yarmouth/Freeport/Gray-New Gloucester Dec. 19.
Indoor track
Deering's powerhouse boys' indoor track team started with a victory over Westbrook and Biddeford, scoring 143 points while nearly doubling up the Blue Blazes (78) and also beating the Tigers (39). Songha Loth set a new school record by winning the junior 55 in 6.86 seconds. Loth also won the junior 200 (24.44) Luc Harrison set a new school mark in the pole vault (10 feet, 6 inches). Other winners included Alec Troxell in the junior 800 (2 minutes, 10.66 seconds) and the open mile (4:47.94), Samacha Sam in the junior long jump (17-00.25), Abukar Abu in the junior triple jump (32-5), Josh Paisley in the junior shot put (39-9), Jack Lynch in the senior 55 (7.02) and senior 200 (24.35), Iessa Ramadan in the senior 400 (53.06), Emannuel Lam in the senior high jump (5-10), Nicholas James in the open 600 (1:24.86) and the junior (1:43.06), 4×200 (1:40.13), 4×400 (3:55.38) and 4×800 (10:40.46) relay teams.
In the girls' meet, Deering had 79 points to place second to Westbrook (118). First-place finishers included Sreyly Sao in the junior 55 (8.06), Nicola Ciccomancini in the senior 55 (8.24), Hannah Amergian in the senior 200 (32.73), Annah Rossvall in the senior 400 (1:03.11) and the junior (2:00.31), 4×200 (2:04.31) and 4×400 (4:35.26) relay teams.
Cheverus joined Massabesic and Scarborough in its opening meet. The Stags boys had 40 points to finish well behind the Red Storm (209). Alex Baer was first in the junior 400 (59.44). Josh Stokes won the senior shot put (44-1.5). Marcel Haley-Read was first in the junior shot put (36-9).
Cheverus' girls had 71 points and were second to Scarborough (132). Emma Gallant was first in the junior 200 (26.95), Emma White took the junior high jump (5-0) and junior triple jump (32-1), Evelyn Hanley was first in the junior long jump (14-5), Emily Turner was first in the senior 55 (7.75), senior 200 (27.34) and senior long jump (15-10) and the Stags' senior 4×200 relay team was first as well in 1:52.75.
Portland opened against Gorham, Noble and Thornton Academy. The boys had 21 points and placed fourth (the Knights were first), while the girls had 61 points and were also fourth (the Golden Trojans came in first).
Alex Frank was first in the boys' senior 400 (54.54).
The girls' got wins from Emeline Avignon in the junior 400 (1:07.11), Awen Deng in the junior 55 hurdles (9.56), Ella Altidor in the senior 55 (7.73) and senior 200 (27.86), Julia Jankowski in the open 600 (1:48.85) and Maggie Hosmer in the senior 800 (2:39.93).
Swimming
Cheverus' defending Class A state champion swim team opened by beating Greely (115-35) and Thornton Academy (86-71).
The Cheverus girls lost to Greely in their opener, 79-72, then defeated Thornton Academy, 123-56.
The Stags host Windham Friday.
Portland hosted Deering, Maine Girls' Academy and Waynflete in the season opener. In the boys' meet, the Bulldogs won with 105 points, while the Flyers were second with 96 and the Rams placed third with 57.
Deering won the girls' meet with 349 points. Portland (307) came in second, MGA (275) was third and Waynflete (249) placed fourth.
Deering then swept St. Dom's (the boys prevailed, 72-24, and the girls won, 117-28) and were swept by Falmouth (the boys lost, 64-48, while the girls were defeated, 103-60).
The Rams go to South Portland Friday.
MGA's most recent meets were losses to Kennebunk (115-52) and Sanford (97-67).
Portland is home with Greely Friday.
Waynflete's girls also lost to Thornton Academy (103-57) and Massabesic (122.5-41.5). The boys fell to Massabesic, 106-41.
Skiing
The SMAA Alpine ski season begins Wednesday with a giant slalom race. Cheverus will take part. The Stags will also compete in a slalom race Friday.
Waynflete opens the WMC Nordic season Wednesday with a 5-kilometer skate.
Wrestling
Portland's wrestling team was 5-4 at press time. The Bulldogs have beaten Lincoln Academy, Kennebunk, Windham, York/Traip and Scarborough and lost to Wells, Kennebunk, Noble and Sanford. Portland hosts Bonny Eagle Wednesday, then takes part at the Spartan Invitational in Sanford Friday.
Deering entered the new year 1-6 after beating Cheverus and losing to Biddeford twice and Kennebunk, Monmouth, Sanford and Westbrook/Gorham once each. The Rams welcome Noble Wednesday and travel to the Warrior Clash in Newport Saturday.
Cheverus was also 1-6, beating Gardiner and losing to Windham, York/Traip, Biddeford, Deering, Wells and Noble. The Stags are at Scarborough Wednesday and compete at the Warrior Clash Saturday.
Sports Editor Michael Hoffer can be reached at mhoffer@theforecaster.net. Follow him on Twitter: @foresports.
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The logo of Italian energy company Eni is seen at an Agip gas station in Lugano, Switzerland June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
MILAN Italian oil and gas group Eni (ENI.MI) reiterated on Thursday it had not paid any intermediary or any bribes to acquire the OPL-245 oilfield in Nigeria.
Speaking at the group's annual shareholder meeting chairwoman Emma Marcegaglia said Eni had only ever dealt with the Nigerian government.
Courts in Nigeria and Italy are investigating the purchase of OPL 245. Eni and major Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) paid $1.3 billion (1.04 billion pounds) for the rights to the block in 2011.
On Wednesday Shell said for the first time it was aware that some of the payments it made to Nigeria would go to a company associated with former Nigerian oil minister and convicted money launderer Dan Etete.
Etete awarded the block in 1998 for $20 million to Malabu Oil and Gas, a company in which he was a leading shareholder.
Marcegaglia said Shell's comments did not change Eni's position, adding the company had not paid any money to Etete or sealed any deal with Malabu.
She added Eni has made no provisions for the Nigeria probe.
At the same meeting, Eni CEO Claudio Descalzi said in the future the group did not rule out a share buy-back programme but added for the time being he had no intention to discuss the issue with the board.
(Reporting by Giancarlo Navach, writing by Stephen Jewkes, editing by Francesca Landini)
TOKYO, April 20 Japanese government bond prices slipped on Thursday on the back of a retreat in U.S. Treasuries, although a well-received 20-year debt auction helped limit losses.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield was 1 basis point higher at 0.010 percent after rising to 0.015 percent earlier. The yield remained within shot of zero percent, a five-month low touched on Wednesday.
The 20-year yield was a basis point higher at 0.565 percent.
The bid-to-cover ratio, a gauge of demand, at Thursday's one trillion yen ($9.18 billion) 20-year auction rose to 4.06 from 3.78 at the previous sale in March.
The new 20-year JGBs attracted investor demand with several factors currently supporting the debt market, like tensions in the Korean Peninsula and concerns about the French presidential elections.
Treasury yields rose with their prices dipping overnight as a rally that had sent yields to five-month lows at the start of the week petered out. ($1 = 108.9600 yen) (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
March 29 Maxlinear Inc:
* Maxlinear to acquire Exar in all-cash transaction
* Maxlinear to acquire Exar in all-cash transaction
* Maxlinear inc - acquisition expected to be immediately accretive to non-GAAP eps and free cash flow
* Maxlinear Inc - Maxlinear and Exar reaffirm previously announced revenue guidance for current quarter
* Says Maxlinear has agreed to acquire Exar for $13.00 per share in cash
* Maxlinear Inc - deal for approximately $700 million
* Maxlinear Inc - deal's total value is approximately $700 million, or $472 million net of exar's cash acquired
* Maxlinear Inc - total value is approximately $700 million
* Maxlinear Inc - intends to fund transaction with cash from combined balance sheets and a $425 million term loan
* Maxlinear Inc - as a result of combination, Maxlinear expects to realize annualized run-rate synergies of $15 million within 12 months of closing
* Says transaction will be conducted by means of a tender offer
* Maxlinear Inc - Exar reaffirms fiscal Q4 2017 guidance
* Maxlinear - deal will be conducted by means of a tender offer for all of outstanding shares of common stock of exar, followed by a second-step merger
* Maxlinear Inc - boards of directors of both companies have unanimously approved transaction
* Maxlinear-Received support agreements from certain exar stockholders, directors, management totaling about 20pct of exar's common shares outstanding for deal
* Maxlinear Inc - Maxlinear reaffirms calendar Q1 2017 guidance
* Q1 revenue view $88.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Recasts with auto sales; adds quotes; updates prices) * Focus on Fed meeting statement due out Wednesday * Treasury refunding watched for signs of ultra-long bond By Karen Brettell NEW YORK, May 2 U.S. Treasury prices gained on Tuesday after weak auto sales raised concerns about the strength of consumer spending, and as investors awaited the conclusion of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting on Wednesday. Major automakers on Tuesday posted declines in new vehicle sales for April. The auto sales come after other data including gross domestic product last week and the March payrolls report have showed slowing economic momentum. Auto sales “were weak across the board from everybody...with dramatically rising inventories,” said Mary Ann Hurley, vice president in fixed income trading at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. The Fed is expected to keep interest rates steady when it announces its policy decision on Wednesday, after hiking rates in March, but investors are waiting to see if the central bank addresses recent weakness and whether it indicates that a new increase is likely at its June meeting. “If you have weak auto sales, which is definitely a sign of current activity, not a lagging indicator, to me that's going to lower the case for the Fed going in June,” Hurley said. Futures traders are pricing in a 71 percent chance of a rate hike in June, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. Benchmark 10-year notes gained 9/32 in price to yield 2.30 percent, down from 2.33 percent late on Monday. Investors were also looking for details on how and when the Fed may begin reducing the size of its bond holdings. Friday's employment report for April is also keenly awaited for signs of whether jobs growth is strong enough to encourage the Fed to raise rates again in the near-term. The Treasury is due to announce its funding needs for the coming two quarters on Wednesday, with traders focused on whether the government gives any new details on possible plans for longer-dated bonds. “There's been a lot of chatter about what the potential is for an ultra-long bond. We don't expect that we will actually see an announcement but we should get some more color on what people are thinking," said Ian Lyngen, head of U.S. rates strategy at BMO Capital Markets in New York. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin repeated in an interview with Bloomberg on Tuesday that issuing debt exceeding 30 years in maturity "can absolutely make sense." The government will also announce on Wednesday how much it plans to sell in three-year and 10-year notes and 30-year bonds next week. (Editing by Bernadette Baum and Leslie Adler) )
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today (August 14) to announce he will be dropping a new single this Thursday.
Related: Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘Stay Clear' of His Moving Vehicle
The “Sorry” singer posted the cover art for the new track “Friends,” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop (aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker). This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of his Purpose world tour last month.
Check out the post below.
BEIJING: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has expressed his “bitter sorrow” after dozens of Chinese tourists were killed when a bus they were traveling in plunged off a bridge.
Thirty-two Chinese tourists and four North Koreans perished in the accident south of Pyongyang Sunday night, Chinese officials and state media said. Two other Chinese nationals were injured.
In a rare admission of negative news from North Korea's tightly controlled propaganda network, the KCNA news agency on Tuesday said Kim met personally with the Chinese ambassador in Pyongyang and later visited survivors in hospital.
The Rodong Sinmun newspaper, the mouthpiece of the ruling party, carried a front-page on Kim's actions, including pictures of him in a doctor's white coat, holding the two survivors' hands as they lay in their hospital beds.
Although such a move might be unsurprising in other countries, it is an unusual portrayal of Kim, who is usually shown presiding over formal meetings or visiting work or army units.
Kim “said that the unexpected accident brought bitter sorrow to his heart and that he couldn't control his grief at the thought of the bereaved families who lost their blood relatives,” KCNA reported.
The North Korean leader said his people “take the tragic accident as their own misfortune,” it added.
The fulsomeness of Kim's comments reflects the importance of China—and its tourists— to his country and economy.
Beijing is Pyongyang's sole major ally, providing an important economic and political buffer against international opprobrium.
Their relationship was forged in the blood of the Korean War, and while it has soured more recently, with China increasingly exasperated by the North's nuclear antics and enforcing UN Security Council sanctions against it, there has been an improvement in recent weeks.
Last month, Kim embarked on his first overseas trip since inheriting power in 2011 to finally pay his respects to Chinese President Xi Jinping, and was warmly welcomed in Beijing.
China is by far the biggest source of tourists for the North, with direct flights and a long land border connecting the neighbor, and tens of thousands are believed to visit every year, many crossing via train through the Chinese border city of Dandong.
For some, North Korea provides a window into what Communist China may have looked like decades ago.
In contrast Western visitors to the North once averaged around 5,000 a year, but numbers have been hit recently by a US travel ban—Americans accounted for around 20 percent of the market—and official warnings from other countries.
Xinhua news agency reported that the bus had fallen from a bridge in North Hwanghae province.
China's state broadcaster showed images of a large overturned vehicle, with light rain falling on rescue vehicles at night and doctors attending to a patient.
KCNA said the crash was “an unexpected traffic accident that claimed heavy casualties among Chinese tourists.” It gave no breakdown on the numbers killed or injured.
The Chinese foreign ministry said Tuesday a group of officials and five medical experts had arrived in Pyongyang to assist the North in treating the injured and dealing with the aftermath.
They also visited a temporary morgue for the dead to check their identities and express condolences, it said.
North Hwanghae province lies south of Pyongyang and stretches to the border with South Korea. It includes the city of Kaesong, an ancient Korean capital with historical sites and, until recently, a manufacturing complex operated with the South.
The tour group was traveling by bus from Kaesong to Pyongyang when the accident happened, according to the independent Seoul-based website NK News, which cited an unnamed source.
AFP
Well done Rajasthan Congress! Proud of each and every one of you. This is a rejection of the BJP by the people of Rajasthan.#RajasthanByPolls
— Office of RG (@OfficeOfRG) February 1, 2018
Taunting his BJP party over its defeat in the Rajasthan bypolls, actor-turned-politician Shatrughan Sinha on Friday said the state had become the first to give the BJP "triple talaq"."Breaking news with record breaking disastrous results for ruling party - Rajasthan becomes first state to give BJP Triple Talaq. Ajmer: Talaq, Alwar: Talaq, Mandalgarh: Talaq."Our opponents winning the elections with record margins, giving our party a jolt," Sinha, BJP MP from Patna Saheb in Bihar, said in his latest tweet on Friday.In another tweet, Sinha warned the party over its defeat in Rajasthan. "Better late than never, otherwise the disastrous results could or would be soon reformed as Tata-Bye-Bye results. Wake up BJP. Jai Hind."Sinha has been embarrassing his party by taking a different stand time again for the last over one year.On Tuesday, he joined the Rashtra Manch, a political action group launched by former BJP leader Yashwant Sinha, bringing together politicians across party lines to take on the Centre.
March 29 Init Innovation In Traffic Systems SE :
* Incoming orders of 120 million euros to 130 million euros targeted for 2017
* EBIT margin set to rise again sharply from 2018 after a decline in 2017
* Propose to annual general meeting, to be held on 24 May 2017, an increase of dividend for financial year 2016 by 10 pct to 0.22 euros/share
* In 2017, managing board is therefore expecting revenues to increase to around 120 million euros ($128.94 million)(2016: 108.6 million euros) Source text - bit.ly/2oaBMYf Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9307 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
By RFD Radio/WFMB
SPRINGFIELD – Professionals in a new field will now be required to become more aware of how spot suspected domestic violence.
Starting on Jan. 1, licensed beauty professionals have to take a course on the signs of domestic violence. The course will also be given to existing licensed professionals as part of a continuing education classes.
“A new law requires a one-hour, one time continuing education course on domestic violence for professionals under the Cosmetology Act,” Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation spokesman Terry Horstman said.
The law applies to stylists, barbers, cosmetologists, estheticians, hair braiders and nail technicians.
The law will not require stylists and others to report anything they see to Police.
Protesters stand in front of a grove of olive trees dating back centuries in the village of Melendugno, southern Italy March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Italian riot police stand in front of a grove of olive trees dating back centuries in the village of Melendugno, southern Italy March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Italian Carabinieri police officers stand in front of a grove of olive trees dating back centuries in the village of Melendugno, southern Italy March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Trucks are parked near a grove of olive trees dating back centuries in the village of Melendugno, southern Italy March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
(The story adds missing word 'to' in first paragraph)
By Vincenzo Damiani and Giancarlo Navach
BARI/MILAN Italian police broke up a protest by environmentalists trying to prevent the removal of a grove of olive trees dating back centuries standing in the way of a $40 billion pipeline to bring Asian gas to Europe.
The trees, including some more than 100 years old, are in the path of the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP), the final stage of the so-called southern gas corridor designed to reduce the European Union's dependence on Russian energy.
On Monday, a top Italian court gave the go-ahead to start work on TAP, rejecting appeals by local authorities in the southern Puglia region who wanted to move the landfall.
On Tuesday, protesters laid down outside the work site to block the arrival of trucks and tractors, police officials said, and in the afternoon police dispersed about 50 people, including the mayors of some of the towns in the area.
Police also broke up a cordon of about 300 protesters.
TAP will bring 10 billion cubic metres of gas from Azerbaijan into the small Puglia seaside town of San Foca by 2020. It is seen by Brussels as a priority project to wean Europe off Russian gas dependence.
TAP developers had hoped to begin moving the first of roughly 10,000 trees almost a year ago, but opposition by the local town council, Puglia regional authority and environmentalist has delayed the process.
A TAP spokesman said around 30 olive trees were removed on Tuesday, and the aim was to speed up the process if the protests did not escalate. Last week developers removed 33 trees, but were forced to stop due to the protests.
If the trees are not shifted by April, when they go through a six-month growth spurt and cannot be moved, the TAP consortium must wait until late November to complete the removals.
(Writing by Stephen Jewkes and Oleg Vukmanovic in Milan, editing by Susan Thomas)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Canadian National Railway Co:
* CN ANNOUNCES US$900-MILLION DEBT OFFERING
* CANADIAN NATIONAL RAILWAY- ‍ANNOUNCED DEBT OFFERING OF $900 MILLION, COMPRISED OF US$300 MILLION 2.400% NOTES DUE 2020, AND US$600 MILLION 3.650% NOTES DUE 2048​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Dollar steady below 6-week high vs yen
* Fed policy decision, statement due later on Wednesday
* Kiwi touches 1-week high after solid NZ jobs data (Updates prices)
By Masayuki Kitano
SINGAPORE, May 3 The dollar traded below a six-week high against the yen on Wednesday, as the market awaited the Federal Reserve's policy statement for hints on the U.S. interest rate outlook, while the kiwi strengthened after strong New Zealand jobs data.
The Federal Reserve is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at the end of its two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, but investors will look to see whether the central bank downplays the recent soft patch in the economy to leave the door open for a rate increase in June.
The dollar last traded at 112.02 yen, still not very far from a six-week high of 112.33 yen set on Tuesday.
The greenback had pulled away from its six-week high after weak U.S. April auto sales data released on Tuesday added to recent worries about the outlook for the U.S. economy, which hit a soft patch in the first quarter.
Market participants may be wary of actively buying the dollar against the yen for now, said Satoshi Okagawa, senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore.
"Concerns about geopolitical risks such as North Korea had weighed on the dollar against the yen recently... But the focus is shifting to whether the (strength) of U.S. economic fundamentals is for real," he said.
The greenback has risen against the yen over the past few weeks as investor risk aversion diminished, helped in part by reduced concerns over geopolitical tensions.
"There is more data coming up including the jobs data, so those need to be watched closely," Okagawa said, referring to the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report due on Friday.
The euro held steady at $1.0930, trading within sight of a 5-1/2 month high of $1.0951 scaled last week.
The euro saw a relief rally last week, after Emmanuel Macron's victory against anti-euro nationalist Marine Le Pen in the first round of France's presidential elections. The runoff vote is on May 7.
Macron and Le Pen will square off in a televised debate on Wednesday, ahead of Sunday's runoff vote.
Opinion polls still show Macron, a centrist candidate, holding a strong lead of 20 points over Le Pen with just four days to go to the final vote, in what is widely seen as France's most important election in decades.
The euro will probably head higher, especially against the yen, if Macron win's Sunday's vote, said Stephen Innes, senior trader for FX broker OANDA in Singapore.
"Guys just want to see the final outcome and I think they are going to go into euro and I think primarily euro/yen... that's going to be their favourite trade," Innes said.
Under that scenario, the dollar is likely to be supported against the yen as risk sentiment improves, Innes said.
The New Zealand dollar touched a one-week high, after data showed that New Zealand's jobless rate fell close to eight-year lows in the first quarter.
The unemployment rate dropped to 4.9 percent, just above an eight-year low of 4.8 percent hit in the third quarter of 2016.
The New Zealand dollar rose to $0.6969 at one point, its highest since April 25. The kiwi last stood at $0.6947 , up 0.2 percent from late U.S. trade on Tuesday.
The kiwi's gains also came in the wake of a rise in global dairy prices at an international auction. The auction results can affect the New Zealand dollar as the dairy sector generates more than 7 percent of the country's gross domestic product.
(Reporting by Masayuki Kitano; Editing by Sam Holmes & Simon Cameron-Moore)
April 6 Global demand for air travel rose 4.8 percent in February, continuing the strong start from January and driven by lower fares and improving economies, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Thursday.
IATA said it estimates fares have fallen by more than 10 percent in real terms over the last year, and added that uncertainty over U.S. travel restrictions was not having a major impact.
"Although we remain concerned over the impact of any travel restrictions or closing of borders, we have not seen the attempted U.S. ban on travel from six countries translate into an identifiable traffic trend", IATA Director General Alexandre de Juniac said in a statement.
Overall, capacity in February increased 2.7 percent, leading to the load factor - a measure of how full planes are - rising 1.6 percentage points to 79.5 percent. IATA said that was the highest ever level recorded for February.
(Reporting by Daria Kowalewska; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
Graeme McDowell is confident he can put the saga of his missing clubs behind him in order to qualify for the Open Championship.
McDowell was
Read More:
forced to pull out of final qualifying on Tuesday after his
Read More:
clubs failed to arrive in Manchester following last week's French Open, but the former US Open champion can avoid missing the Open for the second year in succession by claiming one of the three places on offer at either this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open or next week's Scottish Open.
“My game is in good shape, I made 19 birdies last week in France but just a few too many mistakes,” McDowell told a pre-tournament press conference in Ballyliffin.
“I was able to flick the switch and start thinking about the Irish Open on Tuesday morning when I spoke to someone at Air France who was willing to physically go and locate my clubs. Before then we weren't sure if we'd ever see them again.
“I'm very keen on putting this whole story behind me and I'll have to play well either this week or at Gullane to make sure I'm at Carnoustie.”
Thanks for getting the job done guys. Appreciate the assist. https://t.co/MZwyIb6HWY — Graeme McDowell (@Graeme_McDowell) July 4, 2018
Share it:
Don't Miss
(Adds details, updates prices) By Shashwat Pradhan May 2 Most Asian currencies climbed against the dollar on Tuesday as a slight easing in tensions over the Korean peninsula offset concerns from a softer-than-expected factory activity in China. U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jong-un, saying he would be honoured to meet the young leader under the right circumstances, even as Pyongyang suggested it would continue its nuclear weapons tests. The comments by Trump, who had warned in an interview with Reuters on Thursday that a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible, appeared to mark a shift in tone towards the North Korean leader. It took the edge off weeks of rising tensions on the Korean peninsula and helped push the Korean won up 0.7 percent against the dollar - one of the biggest gainer in Asia on the day. The won was also buoyed by data showing South Korean exports rose at a much faster-than-expected pace in April, surging for a sixth-straight month, aided by strong demand for high-tech memory chips. "Without any military escalation, markets appear biased to buy the Korean won on dips, banking on positive export growth and greater political clarity post-elections next week," Mizuho Bank said in a note. Among other currencies, the Malaysian ringgit appreciated for a fifth-straight day to touch its highest in more than five months. "The Malaysian ringgit has also been a notable outperformer, with markets turning more positive amidst catch-up inflows and a liberalization of the onshore forex forwards market," Mizuho added. The Chinese yuan was little changed after a private survey showed that China's factory sector lost momentum in April, with growth slowing to its weakest pace in seven months as domestic and export demand weakened and commodity prices dipped. Meanwhile, the Japanese yen fell to a one-month low after the dollar was lifted by treasury yields which surged after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance. TAIWANESE DOLLAR The Taiwanese dollar firmed as much as 0.8 percent to its strongest level against the dollar since Sept. 2014, supported by a rally in global tech stocks in the wake of rising optimism over the prospects for the technology industry. Gain in global tech stocks accelerated after strong earnings from Alphabet, Amazon and Microsoft last week. The electronic sector is major export earner in Taiwan, and includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing , the world's biggest contract chipmaker. Data from the Nikkei/Markit Taiwan Purchasing Managers' Index for April showed that Taiwan's April factory growth slipped to a six-month low, but remained solid. The Taiwanese dollar has been the strongest performing currency in Asia this year. The following table shows rates for Asian currencies against the dollar at 0546 GMT. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 111.970 111.83 -0.13 Sing dlr 1.394 1.3965 +0.18 Taiwan dlr 30.022 30.218 +0.65 Korean won 1129.700 1137.9 +0.73 Baht 34.530 34.59 +0.17 Peso 50.050 49.95 -0.20 Rupiah 13300.000 13327 +0.20 Rupee 64.178 64.24 +0.10 Ringgit 4.326 4.339 +0.30 Yuan 6.896 6.8970 +0.02 Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 111.970 117.07 +4.55 Sing dlr 1.394 1.4490 +3.95 Taiwan dlr 30.022 32.279 +7.52 Korean won 1129.700 1207.70 +6.90 Baht 34.530 35.80 +3.68 Peso 50.050 49.72 -0.66 Rupiah 13300.000 13470 +1.28 Rupee 64.178 67.92 +5.83 Ringgit 4.326 4.4845 +3.66 Yuan 6.896 6.9467 +0.74 (Reporting by Shashwat Pradhan in Bengaluru)
* Nikkei skids 1 pct as yen climbs to five-month peak
* Gold holds gains, US Treasury yields at lows for the year
* Growing unease over North Korea, Syria and Russia
* China's Xi stresses peaceful solution in call with Trump
* Oil at highest in five weeks with eyes on OPEC
By Wayne Cole
SYDNEY, April 12 Investors ducked for cover on Wednesday as a drumbeat of alarming geopolitical news sent the safe-haven yen and gold to five-month highs and yields on top-rated sovereign bonds to their lowest for the year so far.
The unease tarnished an otherwise brightening outlook for global economic growth and kept equities restrained.
Japan's Nikkei slid 1 percent as a rising yen weighed on exporters' shares, while E-mini futures for the S&P 500 were a fraction softer.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was near flat and futures pointed to a slightly firmer opening for the main European bourses.
Shanghai eased 0.4 percent as China reported a slight slowdown in producer price inflation.
In contrast, gold climbed as far as $1,280.30 at one stage, its highest since Nov. 10.
"A degree of uncertainty has found its way into previously seemingly bulletproof financial markets," wrote analysts at ANZ.
"There is clearly some nervousness out there, with tensions around North Korea ratcheting higher and adding to an already heightened geopolitical environment. Global cyclical assets have not yet responded, but that can't last."
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump.
North Korea has warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the Korean peninsula - a force Trump described as an "armada". Japan's navy also plans joint drills with the U.S. force, sources told Reuters.
Trump said in a Tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the U.S. would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
The bellicose language has dragged South Korean stocks and the won to four-week lows and caused jitters across Asia.
At the same time, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Moscow to denounce Russian support for Syria's Bashar al-Assad, raising the stakes in the Middle East.
A joint news conference by Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg was also likely to generate headlines.
A YEN FOR YEN
The yen, a favoured harbour in times of stress due to Japan's position as the world's largest creditor nation, climbed across the board.
The dollar huddled at 109.50 yen, having been as low as 109.35 at one stage. Dealers warned there was little in the way of chart support until the 200-day moving average at 108.72.
The euro sank to its lowest in five months at 115.91 yen and was on track for 12 straight sessions of losses, a record for the single currency. It was steadier on the dollar at $1.0610.
Political uncertainty in France added to the euro's woes as hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon surged in the polls ahead of the May Presidential election.
All this unease boosted bonds with yields on 10-year Treasuries boasting their lowest close of the year on Tuesday. Yields were last at 2.29 percent and testing a hugely important barrier on the charts.
Wall Street's losses were relatively minor as investors wagered on an upbeat earnings season, which kicks off this week with a handful of banks.
The Dow eased 0.03 percent, while the S&P 500 lost 0.14 percent and the Nasdaq 0.24 percent.
Analysts expect earnings for all S&P 500 companies to have risen 10 percent in the first quarter from a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Oil got an added lift from reports Saudi Arabia was lobbying OPEC and other producers to extend a production cut beyond the first half of 2017.
Global benchmark Brent edged up 9 cents to $56.32 a barrel, while U.S. crude added 7 cents to $53.47. If sustained, this would be the longest stretch of gains since August 2016. (Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Kim Coghill)
March 30 CXENSE ASA
* DESERET DIGITAL SIGNS AGREEMENT WITH CXENSE FOR DATA MANAGEMENT AND
* DESERET DIGITAL MEDIA, A LEADING REGIONAL US DIGITAL MEDIA COMPANY, HAS SIGNED AN AGREEMENT WITH CXENSE FOR USE OF DATA MANAGEMENT AND PERSONALIZATION SOFTWARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The city of Pismo Beach is midway through its redesign process for pier plaza, and it wants your input on a very important question.
Where should it put the bathrooms?
The City Council selected a design for the new facilities in December, but where exactly those should go hasn't been decided yet.
The two options are:
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
▪ One restroom (with a 400-square-foot Visitor Information Center) located at the northeast corner of the parking lot near the Inn at the Pier and another at the south end of the parking lot.
▪ Two restrooms framing the entrance to the pier. One restroom would include a 400-square-foot visitor center and the other would include a 400-square-foot concession area. (The current restroom that will be replaced is located in approximately the same location as the northern building location in this option.)
To help make up its mind, the city is asking residents to check out the two potential sites, displayed in the plaza using story poles to signify where the new facilities would go. The poles will be up for the next two weeks, according to a news release.
To share your opinion on their location, visit www.pismobeach.org/pismovoice, where the topic is “Give us your recommendation for the new restroom site at the pier plaza.”
Officials will use the public input to help guide their decision-making process.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
SINGAPORE, March 31 The rally in commodity prices last year is starting to filter through to higher spending by miners, but the nature of how they are loosening the purse strings betrays the view that companies are still cautious about the outlook.
Mining service providers are generally one of the first groups to suffer cutbacks when prices turn down, but equally they are among the first beneficiaries when things turn around.
In the five years of declining prices from 2011 to 2015, mining companies universally tried to survive by stripping costs out of their operations, with many eventually even cutting sustaining capital.
It's this spending that is coming back into the market, according to several participants at this week's Mining Investment Asia conference in Singapore.
Sustaining capital is the miners' term for the money needed to keep the operation running at its present production rates, and includes items like replacing machinery and doing the necessary geological and engineering work to ensure that the next area to be mined is identified and prepared.
Most mines work on mine plans that detail the work to be undertaken in the coming years.
When a company cuts sustaining capital, it can continue to operate on the existing plan, but eventually it will need to put money back into the project to keep operating.
The more than doubling of the price of iron ore and thermal coal in 2016 has given miners some confidence that they can once again invest in their operations.
A Jakarta-based provider of specialised mining engineering services said on the sidelines of the conference that the number of projects his company has signed up in the first quarter of this year is about 50 percent higher than in the first quarter of last year.
"But the nature of the spending is different this time. They aren't expanding or building anything new, they are just making sure they can keep output going steady," he said, requesting anonymity as he isn't authorised to speak to the media.
A similar story was told by other mining contractors at the conference, who report increased order books, but not much work for greenfield projects.
What appears to be happening is that companies, having cut spending to the bone, are now having to put money back into their operations in order to keep production steady, in other words they are now spending cash to stand still.
Several contractors said this appeared to the case with many companies operating in Indonesia's coal, copper and gold sectors, and Australia's coal, gold and iron ore mines.
It also extended from major companies, such as Anglo-Australian giants Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton , right down to smaller, family-owned coal mines in Indonesia.
M&A REBOUNDING
Another sign of health in the mining services sector is the rising level of merger and acquisition activity across Asia and Australia.
In Australia, the number of announced deals so far this year is more than double that of the first quarter of 2016, according to data presented at Mining Investment Asia by Nicholas Assef, the executive director of boutique investment banking firm LCC Asia Pacific.
While some of these deals are agreed takeovers, there have been hostile attempts, such as Downer EDI's $1 billion bid to buy cleaner-caterer Spotless Group and Cimic Group's stalled bid for mining contractor Macmahon Holdings.
What the flurry of M&A activity in the mining contracting sector likely shows is that companies are looking at ways to build capacity ahead of an anticipated upswing in demand for their services.
But it's worth noting that so far the increase in demand for mining services isn't translating into new mining projects across the Asia-Pacific region.
One consistent theme at the conference was that miners, especially junior explorers seeking to transition to production, are finding it hard to obtain finance.
Investment banks are still placing hurdles that are too high on projects, the initial public offering market is still viewed as unattractive for mining projects and private equity players will only invest when the project is far enough advanced that it probably doesn't need cash anymore, Alberto Migliucci, chief executive of Petra Commodities, told the conference.
The most viable method for miners to access cash is through high net-worth individuals and families, who are prepared to take a longer view on the potential returns if they like the project and the management, he said.
Overall, it seems that while the mining sector is starting to turn around after the 2011-15 commodity price slump, it's a long way from resembling the boom days that accompanied the recovery from the 2008 global recession.
(Editing by Joseph Radford)
The logo of Agricultural Bank of China is pictured at its headquarters in Beijing, China March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (AgBank) (601288.SS)(1288.HK), the country's third-biggest listed lender by assets, is in discussions to undertake more than 20 debt-to-equity deals, after signing agreements with eight companies.
The eight deals were valued at about 70 billion yuan ($10 billion), AgBank President Zhao Huan said at a press conference on Wednesday.
The bank earlier said it had prepared for the establishment of a specialized institution for debt-to-equity swaps.
AgBank on Tuesday reported an 8.7 percent on-year profit growth for the fourth quarter ended December, boosted by higher fee and commission income.
But net interest margin dropped to 2.25 percent at end-December, compared with 2.31 percent at end-June, the eighth straight quarter in which margins have been squeezed.
The bank's non-performing loan ratio (NPL), a key indicator for credit quality, eased to 2.37 percent at end-December, from 2.39 percent at end-September.
AgBank plans to settle 120 billion yuan in NPLs this year, said chief risk officer Li Zhicheng.
"Our ability to resolve NPLs is relatively strong," Li said.
That will be handled through write-offs, transfer outs and debt-to-equity swaps.
AgBank write-offs and transfer outs amounted to 82.75 billion yuan in 2016, the bank's annual filing showed.
Kang Yi, the bank's vice president, said the lender was seeing a "turning point" on its loans business, with the pricing of loans rebounding.
(Reporting By Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller; Editing by Himani Sarkar and David Evans)
April 28 Jetblue Airways Corp
* Jetblue Airways Corp - on April 27 entered into an agreement with Goldman Sachs & Co to implement an accelerated share repurchase program
* Jetblue Airways Corp - under ASR agreement, on April 28, 2017, company will pay $150 million to GS&Co
* Jetblue Airways- after executing ASR program, company will have approximately $130 million of repurchase authority remaining - SEC filing
* Jetblue Airways Corp - ASR program is expected to be completed by end of Q3 of 2017 and will be funded with cash on hand
* Jetblue Airways - under ASR agreement, on April 28, company will initially receive about 5.4 million shares based on closing share price on April 27, 2017 Source text : (bit.ly/2qmcV11) Further company coverage:
London to open Brexit talks by offering to protect rights of EU citizens in UK - FT
LONDON The UK's Brexit minister, David Davis, will open divorce talks in Brussels next week with an offer to allow the three million European Union citizens living in Britain the same rights that they have now, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of an Hilton hotel is seen at Schiphol airport near the city of Amsterdam, the Netherlands March 16, 2016. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File Photo
Hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT.N) on Tuesday reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its earnings forecast for the year, helped by a boost in business travel following the U.S. presidential election.
Hilton, the owner of the Waldorf Astoria hotel chain, said in February that it had seen a pick-up in corporate demand in January — an otherwise typically light month for bookings — after the election, on improved business sentiment.
U.S. stocks have hit record levels following Donald Trump's election as president. The S&P 500 .SPX index has climbed 6.7 percent this year.
Hilton, which owns the Conrad and Double Tree hotels, said it now expects 2017 earnings of $1.73-$1.81 per share, up from a prior forecast of $1.65-$1.75 per share.
More than three-quarters of Hilton's first-quarter profit was wiped out, however, due to the spinoff of most of its real estate assets into a tax-efficient real estate investment trust and its timeshare business into a publicly traded company.
The spinoffs were completed in January.
Net income attributable to Hilton stockholders was $74 million, or 22 cents per share, in the quarter. The company's net income in the year-ago quarter was $309 million, or 94 cents per share, reflecting $119 million from discontinued operations.
Excluding one-time items, Hilton earned 38 cents per share, beating analysts' average expectation of 28 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
RevPAR (Revenue Per Available Room) at the company's hotels grew 3 percent in the quarter, helped mainly by higher occupancy.
RevPAR, a key measure of hotel health, is calculated by multiplying a hotel's average daily room rate by its occupancy rate.
Revenue jumped 25.2 percent to $2.16 billion. Analysts on average had expected revenue of $2.06 billion.
Hilton's shares had risen about 36 percent in the 12 months to Monday, including a 3.2 percent gain this year.
(Reporting by Radhika Rukmangadhan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
CHICAGO Prior infection with West Nile or dengue - two viruses closely related to Zika - can make Zika symptoms worse, U.S. researchers said on Thursday.
The findings in mice, published in the journal Science, confirm studies in cells suggesting that prior infection with dengue could worsen the effects of Zika.
That could explain higher rates of severe Zika side effects, such as the birth defect microcephaly, in areas such as Brazil, where dengue is common. It also raises concerns about current or experimental dengue vaccines by Sanofi, Takeda Pharmaceutical Co, GlaxoSmithKline and others because they could inadvertently make Zika infections worse.
In the study, a team of researchers at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York injected Zika-infected laboratory mice with very low amounts of antibodies against dengue or West Nile.
They found that mice injected with antibodies from either virus were more likely to die from Zika or have more severe symptoms than mice exposed to Zika alone.
Symptoms were worst among Zika-infected mice that were given dengue antibodies, with only 21 percent of the mice surviving. That compared with survival rates of 93 percent among mice infected with Zika alone.
Zika-infected mice that got the dengue antibodies also developed severe neurological symptoms, including paralysis of several limbs and, in some cases, total body paralysis, symptoms that have also been seen in rare cases of adults infected with Zika.
The findings illustrate a process called antibody-dependent enhancement already seen in people infected with one of the four strains of dengue. This occurs when proteins made in response to the first infection make it easier for a related virus to enter host cells.
Given the high rates of dengue antibodies in regions most affected by Zika, the findings "suggest that pre-existing immunity to dengue may have contributed to the rapid spread of Zika in the Americas, possibly associated with increased viremia and clinical symptoms, including microcephaly," the researchers wrote.
The findings may also have implications for people who develop Zika in the United States, where more than 3 million people have been infected with West Nile virus, said Mount Sinai microbiologist Jean Lim, one of the study's authors.
As for the potential increased risk due to vaccines, Lim suggested that companies may consider combining a dengue and Zika vaccine to protect against both illnesses at once.
(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; Editing by Dan Grebler)
WASHINGTON, March 30 U.S. President Donald Trump had fighting words on Thursday for conservative members of his own Republican Party who helped block a White House-backed healthcare bill last week, saying the House Freedom Caucus will hurt the party's agenda.
"The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!" Trump said on Twitter. (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by David Alexander)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Sixty children have died at a hospital in India's northern state of Uttar Pradesh this week, prompting local media to blame the fatalities on a lack of oxygen supplies.
The BRD Medical College specified that 34 were babies who died at the neo-natal intensive care unit, while 12 died because of encephalitis. The rest died of other unspecified causes.
Local media reports have said some of the deaths were caused due to an oxygen shortage after a private supplier withdrew its equipment over unpaid hospital dues.
BRD Medical Chief Medical Superintendent Dr R.S. Shukla denied the deaths had been caused by a lack of oxygen supplies when asked by Reuters.
The hospital, in a statement, said there had been a "drop in pressure in the supply of liquid oxygen" on Thursday, but added cylinders were procured from various other suppliers. It did not specify whether that had resulted in any deaths.
The breakdown of the death toll provided by the hospital showed a spike on Thursday, with 23 fatalities, including 14 babies at its neo-natal unit.
The Uttar Pradesh and federal governments are investigating the matter, officials said. A tweet from the Prime Minister's office said Narendra Modi was constantly monitoring the situation.
POLITICAL FIRESTORM
The deaths have sparked a political firestorm as opposition politicians sought to pin the blame on Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state.
The hospital is located in Gorakhpur district, which is represented by Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath, who was appointed to head the state this year.
"The current government is responsible for the deaths of children in Gorakhpur due to the lack of oxygen. Strict action should be taken," tweeted former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.
State government officials in TV appearances chastised opposition leaders for seeking to politicize the issue.
Outbreaks of encephalitis are common every year in India, claiming hundreds of lives, especially during the monsoon season. The disease is most often caused by contaminated food or water, mosquito bites, or through breathing in respiratory droplets from an infected person.
India spends about one percent of its GDP on public health, among the lowest in the world. Successive governments have faced criticism for not reforming the overburdened public health system which is still plagued with shortage of doctors and dilapidated infrastructure.
Modi's government has in recent years increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
Kane is drawn to the power of industrial landscapes and the resonance of past industrial activity in nature. Like the 19th century Romantics he sees the loss of communities through mechanisation.
John Kane
Media Contact
HOURS
07766054659
***@hours-space.com HOURS07766054659
End
-- The Art of John Kane, an exhibition of Oil Paintings, Prints and Charcoals.'As an artist I am interested in the 19th Century Romantic Movement's concerns during the the industrial revolution about the loss of communities and the potential reduction of emotions through mechanisation. Hence their great interest in the "sublime" power of landscapes and heightened emotions.As we experience de-industrialisation and the infinite growth of computer systems, I question if we too, as they were, should be concerned with a loss of our emotional well being and the importance we should place on this. As such, I am drawn to the latent power in beach-scapes or still industrial landscapes, which exist in contrast to the the turmoil of the power of nature or the resonance of past industrial activity. This was the subject of my MA in Fine Art in 2004 at The Wimbledon School of Art and influences my work today, represented in oil paintings, prints and charcoals.From the shores of Newlyn, Cornwall to Bristol or Big Pit in South Wales, we should celebrate those men and women who worked in our agricultural or heavy industries.'Visit http://www.hours- space.com/2017/ 05/08/contemporary- romant... for details
(Recasts lead, adds reaction, details, Canadian dollar strengthening)
By David Ljunggren
OTTAWA, March 31 The Canadian economy expanded by a healthy 0.6 percent in January from December, indicating first-quarter growth will be stronger than expected as the country gradually recovers from the shock of low oil prices.
Statistics Canada said on Friday that gross domestic product grew amid widespread expansion in goods and services-producing industries. The increase, the seventh in the past eight months, was double the 0.3 percent forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
The Bank of Canada, which cut rates twice in 2015 and has consistently stressed the downside risks to the economy, predicted in January that first quarter annualized growth would be 2.5 percent.
But even if the economy does not grow at all in February and March, January's data indicates the first quarter will be better than the bank is forecasting.
"This puts GDP tracking for the first quarter firmly above 3 percent. It is still early, but all in all there is a lot to like in this report," said Andrew Kelvin, senior rates strategist at TD Securities.
"It really makes it hard to imagine the Bank of Canada sounding overly dovish in April," he said in a phone interview.
The central bank - which cut rates twice in 2015 to counter the effect of slumping crude prices - is due to issue its next rate decision and updated economic forecasts on April 12. Most economists do not expect a rate hike until 2018.
The Canadian dollar strengthened on the data, hitting C$1.3290 to the U.S. dollar, or 75.24 U.S. cents, up from C$1.3337, or 74.98 U.S. cents, just before the release.
January's month-on-month expansion was the greatest since the 0.6 percent seen in June 2016.
Manufacturing in January grew 1.9 percent on strength in virtually every sector while mining, quarrying and oil and gas extraction also expanded by 1.9 percent.
Wholesale trade increased 2.4 percent, the largest monthly gain since July 2013, lifted by higher imports and exports of motor vehicles and parts. Retail sales grew by 1.5 percent.
Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz on Tuesday defended his cautious outlook, saying it was important to focus on risks even as recent data releases showed signs of recovery.
(Additional reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Bernadette Baum)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 12 Biofrontera AG:
* Sales increased 48 pct to 6.1 million euros ($6.47 million) for full year 2016 compared to 4.1 million euros in 2015
* Operational result was -11.8 million euros for full year 2016 compared to -10.2 million euros for 2015
* Net loss before taxes was -10.6 million euros for full year 2016, as compared to -11.2 million euros for same period in previous year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9429 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA.TA) (TEVA.N) on Thursday launched an asthma inhaler that will be the first direct competition to GlaxoSmithKline's (GSK.L) best-selling Advair.
Teva, which won U.S. approval in January to make an inhaler similar to Advair, also launched a generic version of its own inhaler, AirDuo RespiClick.
AirDuo is not a true generic of Advair, but contains the same two active ingredients, fluticasone propionate and salmeterol. However, it delivers a lower dose of salmeterol and uses Teva's RespiClick inhaler rather than copying GSK's device.
"We imagine that there should be sufficient time window for AirDuo to be the sole competing product to Advair," Raymond James analyst Elliot Wilbur said in a client note.
Advair, which brought in 1.83 billion pounds ($2.35 billion) in 2016 sales, is also widely used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, while AirDuo is only approved for asthma and is not directly substitutable.
"Neither branded AirDuo, nor its authorized generic are therapeutically equivalent or substitutable for Advair," GSK's spokeswoman Sarah Alspach told Reuters.
Still, Teva's product is likely to grab some share of the asthma market. AirDuo could capture 25 percent of the market by 2018, Wilbur said.
However, the bigger threat to GSK will likely come from fully substitutable generic copies of Advair that are still awaiting approval.
Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK.L) and Vectura Group Plc (VEC.L) are expecting approval for their generic versions by May 10. Mylan NV's (MYL.O) generic was rejected in March.
GSK has been preparing for the loss of Advair's exclusivity for the past two years. But the potential launch of generics will still be a blow since the medicine is highly profitable and has sold more than $1 billion annually since 2001.
Teva's AirDuo will cost wholesalers or direct purchasers $285, while the generic version will cost $90, Michelle Larkin, a spokeswoman for the Israeli drugmaker, told Reuters.
The pricing of the branded drug was in line with that of its peers, Bernstein analyst Erica Kazlow said.
"Teva's willingness to use generic strategy for the product is encouraging as it relates to the company's willingness to look at a tough reality and take appropriate action," Kazlow said.
($1 = 0.7798 pounds)
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Savio D'Souza)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 12Shenzhen Urovo Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay 1.5 yuan per 10 shares to shareholders and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 25 new shares for every 10 shares, as FY 2016 dividend payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9MmXSl
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 30 Coca-cola Icecek AS:
* Plans to open its 10th plant in Turkey, in the Isparta region
* The plant is expected to be fully operational in the second quarter of 2017
* The state-of-the-art production facility will have annual capacity of 220 million liters - around 40 million unit cases - and will provide direct and indirect employment to approximately 300 people
* The total amount of investment for the plant is 110 million liras ($30.17 million)
* The Isparta facility will have two lines capable of producing ice tea, juice and sparkling products in can and PET packages
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.6461 liras) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 Radius Health Inc :
* FDA approves Radius Health's TYMLOS™ (abaloparatide), a bone building agent for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture
* US commercial launch in May for TYMLOS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Lithuania will keep increasing military spending after hitting NATO's recommended level of 2 percent of economic output in the next two years, its finance minister said, as Russia builds up capabilities on the borders of its Baltic neighbours.
Relations with the West were damaged by Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea and deteriorated even further last week after a gas attack in Russia-backed Syria.
"We are a NATO member but we are also responsible for our security ourselves," Vilius Sapoka told Reuters on Tuesday in his first interview with international media since Lithuania's coalition government took office last year.
"Next year we will already reach 2 percent of GDP (in terms of military spending) ... and I think we will keep gradually increasing that number."
That rise in spending, alongside an improving European economy, is expected to nudge Lithuania's growth rate up to 3 percent this year.
Sapoka's government, a "catch all" of the Peasants, Greens Union and Social Democrats that came to power in November, faces broad challenges though.
Income inequality is among the highest in the European Union and has been increasing, driving younger people abroad for work.
Sapoka said the government wants to raise tax revenues to 40 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) in the next five years from 30 percent, to help improve education and healthcare.
It will stick to its predecessor's "fiscal discipline" path, he said, but is embarking on an aggressive drive to attract high tech finance and bio-medicine firms with tax breaks.
It already allows firms to offset three times what they spend on research and development but is about to go further.
"If you invest in new technologies, at the moment you can deduct 50 percent (from tax) and we will increase that up to 100 percent."
Lithuania also has a stake in Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union. Brexit has made the future uncertain for the roughly 200,000 Lithuanians living in the United Kingdom.
"Here we are very clear that all the rights that were acquired by Lithuanian people are preserved," Sapoka said.
A "mirror arrangement" should be given to EU-based Britons, he said.
Echoing the standard EU line, he also said that "all parties should respect their financial obligations," referring to the 60 billion euros ($64 billion) that countries such as Austria have said the UK should pay as it leaves.
While Lithuania wants a show of unity in the EU, two years after joining the euro, it also leans on the side of fiscal discipline for Greece, as the Baltic nation takes part in its second batch of bailout talks.
"We talk about solidarity but we should not forget the principle of responsibility as well," Sapoka said.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 20 Werner Enterprises Inc:
* Werner Enterprises reports first quarter 2017 revenues and earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $0.22
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.20 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Werner Enterprises inc qtrly total revenues $501.2 million versus $482.8 million
* Q1 revenue view $491.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Werner Enterprises inc qtrly total revenues $501.2 million, up 4 percent
* Werner Enterprises Inc - for full year of 2017, we expect net capital expenditures to be in range of $200 million to $250 million
* Werner Enterprises Inc - e ended q1 2017 with 7,180 trucks in truckload segment compared to 3,640 trucks at end of q1 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MILAN, April 13 Four suitors are left in the race to buy a minority stake in Atlantia's motorway unit, two sources close to the matter said on Thursday, as the Italian infrastructure group prepares to finalise the deal in coming weeks.
Rome-based Atlantia is selling up to 15 percent in its Autostrade per l'Italia (ASPI) operations to fund overseas expansion. Analysts have said it could pocket around 2 billion euros ($2.1 bln) if it opts to sell the whole stake.
The sources said a consortium led by Allianz Capital Partners, the German insurer's infrastructure investment vehicle, wants to buy around 5 percent in ASPI.
Allianz, which represents roughly two thirds of the consortium, has teamed up with a unit of French power giant EDF, one of the sources said.
Other suitors are Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), one of the world's biggest sovereign wealth funds, China investment fund Silk Road and an undisclosed investor, the sources said.
According to another person aware of the transaction, ADIA was looking at the asset because the deal sat well with its investment strategy.
"Atlantia will analyse the offers next week and an announcement on the outcome of the deal could come in the next two weeks," one of the sources said.
Allianz, ADIA and EDF declined to comment. Atlantia and Silk Road were not immediately available for comment. ($1 = 0.9407 euros) (Reporting by Stephen Jewkes and Francesca Landini, additional reporting by Alexander Huebner and Stanley Carvalho; Editing by Susan Fenton)
President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds details on sectors and stocks throughout and updates prices)
* TSX falls 37.67 points, or 0.24 percent, to 15,619.96
* Seven of the TSX's 10 main groups fall
TORONTO, March 30 Canada's main stock index pulled back from a one-month high on Thursday as deal-related news pressured shares of Cenovus Energy Inc and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.
Cenovus shares tumbled 11.8 percent to C$15.39 after the Canadian company agreed to buy oil sands and natural gas assets from ConocoPhillips for C$17.7 billion.
The overall energy group was down 1.2 percent even as oil prices rose. U.S. crude was up 1.8 percent at $50.41 a barrel.
Shares of CIBC fell 2.1 percent to C$114.79 after it raised its offer for PrivateBancorp Inc ahead of a June deadline. CIBC said it offered about $4.9 billion in cash and stock, up from the earlier $3.8 billion offer.
Toronto-Dominion Bank's chief executive officer told shareholders at the bank's annual meeting that it does not have a "widespread problem" with its sales practices, responding to a report staffers were pressured to meet targets.
Its shares rose 0.4 percent to C$66.37, while the overall financials group was little changed.
The steady profile for financials came as data showed that the U.S. economy grew at a faster pace in the fourth quarter than previously estimated. Some of Canada's major banks have operations in the United States.
At 11:37 a.m. ET (1537 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was off 37.67 points, or 0.24 percent, to 15,619.96.
On Wednesday, the index posted its highest close in more than a month at 15,657.63.
Dollarama Inc's quarterly profit beat analysts' estimates as the average amount customers spent at its stores increased, sending the Canadian discount retailer's shares to a record high, up 7.6 percent at C$107.35.
Seven of the index's 10 main groups were lower.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.4 percent.
Gold futures fell 0.4 percent to $1,249.1 an ounce, while copper prices advanced 1.1 percent to $5,971 a tonne. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats with no changes in text)
By Nick Carey and Joseph White
DETROIT, April 5 Car dealers on Wednesday added to concerns about the state of the U.S. auto industry and how tough any downturn might be if its six-year recovery has ended.
In a conference call with media and analysts, officials of the National Automobile Dealers Association said they expected sales of cars and light trucks in the United States to dip to 17.1 million vehicles this year, high by historical standards but below 2016's record 17.55 million vehicles.
The NADA call came just two days after disappointing industry figures for March that showed an annualized sales rate of around 16.6 million units.
NADA chairman Mark Scarpelli, an Illinois car dealer, echoed concerns of some Wall Street analysts that values for used sedans were dropping as more vehicles were turned in when leases ended.
"It's a big number," Scarpelli said, referring to the numbers of leased cars headed to used car lots. "But it's not an insurmountable number." Falling values for these used cars are a problem for carmakers and their finance companies, not dealers, Scarpelli said, because auto retailers can return the cars to the banks or manufacturers.
Wholesale car auction company Manheim predicts 3.6 million vehicles will come off lease in 2017 followed by 4.1 million in 2018. If historical patterns hold up, around 4.3 million cars will come off lease in 2019.
"Off-lease returns still remain the wild card," said Pete DeLongchamps, vice president of manufacturer relations at auto retail chain Group 1 Automotive Inc.
Investors are also watching rising interest rates, inventories of unsold vehicles and the generosity of profit-eroding discounts that automakers are offering to close deals. Those indicators are largely negative.
According to Cox Automotive data, consumer discounts were up 14.6 percent on the year in March. In their sales forecasts in the last two months, automotive consultancy firms J.D. Power and LMC have said discounts hit levels not seen since the recession in 2009.
Signs that the auto cycle is at its peak have weighed on the shares of Detroit automakers, casting a shadow over an industry central to President Donald Trump's pledge to rebuild American manufacturing.
General Motors Co shares are down 1.6 percent for the year, lagging broader market indexes, and Ford Motor Co shares are down nearly 7 percent. Shares in Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV are up nearly 11 percent, but the company's market value is just $12.3 billion - about a quarter the value of electric carmaker Tesla Inc.
WIDE RANGE OF FORECASTS
Forecasts for U.S. auto demand range widely, underscoring industry uncertainty.
Ford stuck this week to a forecast that 2017 sales would rise to 17.7 million vehicles while the NADA and other forecasters expect them to hover around 17 million. Consultancy AlixPartners expects U.S. new vehicle sales to reach 17.5 million this year, but forecasts a drop to 16.6 million in 2018 and 15.2 million in 2019 before a slow recovery.
Industry executives point to solid consumer confidence, low interest rates, rising transaction prices and an old car fleet on America's roads, where the average vehicle is over 11 years old, as they give voice to guarded optimism.
If the U.S. auto market downshifted to a 16 million vehicle annualized pace for more than 45 days, that would be a concern, said GM's head of North American operations, Alan Batey.
“I don't think we are going to see it,” he said.
Wall Street will be watching to see how quickly automakers respond to slow sales and rising inventories heading into the summer months. One way to cut stocks of unsold cars is to extend traditional summer assembly plant shutdowns.
Mark Wakefield, head of AlixPartners' automotive practice in the Americas region, said car production already has come down, a sign that industry is showing more discipline than in past cycles.
"The real test comes when an (automaker) defects in a large way and starts going for share and volume and dropping prices dramatically," Wakefield said. "What do the others do and how does the market manage itself?" (Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Tom Brown)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
The Russian spy ship Viktor Leonov on Wednesday morning was spotted 40 miles closer to the U.S. -- and not far from a Navy submarine base in Connecticut, a U.S. official told Fox News.
The ship was spotted 30 miles south of Groton, Conn., but it remained in international waters. The U.S. territorial boundary extends 12 miles from the coast.
The Russian spy ship was currently "loitering" in the water, the U.S. official said.
The spy ship is armed with surface-to-air missiles, but its main function is to intercept communications and collect data on U.S. Navy sonar capability.
This was the furthest north the Viktor Leonov had ever traveled up the eastern seaboard. The Russian spy ship was last seen off the East Coast of the U.S. about two years ago, spending time near another U.S. submarine base in Kings Bay, Ga. In January 2015, the ship was seen in Havana, Cuba.
The Pentagon expects the Russian spy ship to sail south along the East Coast and return to the Caribbean.
The deployment of Viktor Leonov was months in the making, Fox News was told. The ship is part of Russia's Northern Fleet based along the Barents Sea. The ship crossed the Atlantic and made a port call in Jamaica in the past few weeks, according to officials.
The Russian spy ship's venture near the U.S. mainland follows other recent Russian provocations -- four Russian jets buzzed a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea on Friday, coming within 200 yards of USS Porter. The Russian jets had their identifying transponders turned off and ignored repeated radio calls from the American warship.
It was the first time Russian jets buzzed a U.S. warship since President Trump assumed office.
Russia was also deploying for the first time a ground-based nuke-capable cruise missile inside Russia, which violates a decade old arms treaty between Moscow and Washington.
ZURICH Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General (OAG) expressed frustration over the apparent decision by Dutch authorities not to inform it in advance about raids tied to suspected tax evasion, the OAG said on Friday.
"The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland is disconcerted about the manner in which this has been organized with the conscious non-inclusion of Switzerland... The attorney general expects a written explanation from the relevant leading Dutch authorities and is examining further actions," the OAG said in an emailed statement.
Earlier, Dutch prosecutors said they had launched an international hunt for people seeking to hide assets and evade taxes after receiving a tip-off about undisclosed accounts at a Swiss bank.
Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) said separately that authorities looking into client tax matters had visited its offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam and it was cooperating with them.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin, Editing by Michael Shields)
Formation of mammatus clouds over the city of Regina Saskatchewan (source: Craig Lindsay on Wikimedia Commons
Download two free chapters from "Moving Hadoop to the Cloud" to learn more about harnessing the cloud for Hadoop clusters.
When news broke that Amazon was acquiring Whole Foods, brick and mortar retailers panicked. Many industries are feeling pressure to undergo digital transformation for fear of being “Amazoned” (acquired by an online competitor). The International Data Corporation (IDC) forecasts worldwide spending on digital transformation technologies will grow to more than $1.2 trillion in 2017 (an increase of 17.8% over 2016. IDC's Worldwide Semiannual Digital Transformation Spending Guide reports that many industries have been affected by the frenzy, too, with manufacturing leading the pack, followed by retail, health care, insurance, and banking. No one wants to be “disrupted.”
Defining digital transformation
Surprisingly, despite the anxiety around digital transformation and the money being invested, the term is not well defined. George Westerman, principal research scientist with the MIT Sloan Initiative on the Digital Economy, defines digital transformation as “using technology to radically improve the performance and reach of an organization.” Technology, however, is accelerating at such a fast pace that it makes it difficult for businesses to keep up and stay ahead of the curve.
Digital transformation, in practice
How do businesses unlock the power of rapidly evolving technology to maximize their investment? One answer, according to the 2017 Digital IQ survey, which looked at top performing IT and business leaders across industries is to focus less on one specific technology and more on the human experience. Focusing on the human experience means organizations will have to re-examine their customers' experiences, employees' experiences, and their entire organizational culture. In developing a better understanding of the human experience that surrounds digital technology, companies are better equipped to continuously adapt and anticipate marketplace changes.
Using a multi-cloud strategy to achieve digital transformation
A growing number of companies have embraced a multi-cloud approach as part of their digital transformation strategy, mainly to meet various business and technology requirements because no single cloud model can fit the diverse requirements and workloads across different business units.
Every major cloud platform—including Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and the Google Cloud Platform—has a range of data-related services in the areas of cloud data warehousing, big data, NoSQL, and real-time streaming, to name a few. Some workloads run better on one cloud platform while other workloads achieve higher performance and lower cost on another platform. By adopting a multi-cloud strategy, companies are able to choose best-in-class technologies and services from different cloud providers to create the best possible solution for a business.
Another reason for a multi-cloud approach is that companies adopt new IT projects in increments. A multi-cloud environment creates an ideal sandbox for IT to experiment with and deploy proof-of-concepts. Various teams can set up and decommission scenarios quickly without the burden of the high cost and time needed to build and deploy new infrastructure.
With a multi-cloud strategy, each business unit can choose their ideal cloud service depending on their specific business needs, which may include:
Ease of administration
Concurrency of workloads
Query performance
User roles and access levels
Security and governance
Government regulations and data privacy
Specialized functionality for a particular workload or application (i.e., machine learning or AI)
Access to big data tools and technologies
As businesses go through their digital transformation journey, multi-cloud environments will be increasingly used to transition and migrate from the old model of customer engagement to newer multi-pronged models. The trend is moving toward deeper and broader cloud engagement, so a well-defined multi-cloud strategy will be key to achieving maximum return on investment (ROI). Other benefits of adopting a multi-cloud strategy include:
Price flexibility: Better pricing flexibility by leveraging different cloud platforms.
Better pricing flexibility by leveraging different cloud platforms. Risk mitigation or redundancy: By spreading workloads and data across multiple cloud platforms, companies can reduce downtime and have a smoother disaster recovery plan.
By spreading workloads and data across multiple cloud platforms, companies can reduce downtime and have a smoother disaster recovery plan. Unlimited scalability and better agility: Elasticity and agility to empower business units as they grow, and meet the demands to access more data.
Elasticity and agility to empower business units as they grow, and meet the demands to access more data. Avoid vendor lock-in: The option to adapt to changes in the marketplace, without reworking the whole cloud architecture to suit one vendor.
The option to adapt to changes in the marketplace, without reworking the whole cloud architecture to suit one vendor. Adopt use of best practices: Best practices built on one cloud vendor can be applied across the enterprise to departments using other cloud vendors.
As more companies strategically position themselves in a multi-cloud world, IT departments in general, and CIOs in particular, need to take on more strategic roles as facilitators between various areas of the business. This trend reflects the key point that digital transformation is not a one-time phenomenon, but an ongoing process. Even as companies realize the impacts of social media, mobile and cloud computing, and other “disruptive” technologies already on the rise (including machine learning, data collection via drones, and virtual reality), data remains a central tenet to their success. With the amount of data growing exponentially, a multi-cloud strategy is becoming a deliberate choice for companies and a way to chart their long-term growth. Companies that seek to remain ahead of the curve will be in a better position to respond and continually transform themselves in a quickly evolving digital landscape.
This post is a collaboration between Talend and O'Reilly. See our statement of editorial independence.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Saturday postponed the planned launch of an H-2A rocket tasked to put a geo-positioning satellite into orbit due to possible helium gas leakage, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd (MHI) said.
MHI, commissioned by the government to carry the satellite into space, postponed Saturday's launch after detecting a decline in pressure levels inside a tank containing helium gas, which is used to operate valves for cooling rocket engines.
The company is looking into what specifically caused the pressure decline, and the rocket is now likely to be launched as early as Aug. 17, a MHI spokesman said.
The launch of a third geo-positioning satellite is part of Japan's plan to build a local version of the U.S. global positioning system (GPS) aimed to offer location information for autopiloting of cars and possible national security purposes.
Japan plans to put into space a fourth geo-positioning satellite by the end of the year to start offering precise position information next April, using signals from the four Japanese satellites as well as U.S. GPS satellites and others.
The U.S. GPS has a margin of error of up to 10 metres (33 feet), but under the new Japanese system, positioning error will come down to 6 cm (2.4 inches) or less, according to the Cabinet Office.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
WASHINGTON, March 29 Four Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee have called for an investigation into whether the acting chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission exceeded his authority by taking steps to scale back or delay rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law.
In a letter to the SEC's internal watchdog, Inspector General Carl Hoecker, the Democrats said acting SEC Chairman Mike Piwowar should not have ordered staff to review the SEC's rules on "conflict minerals" and CEO pay ratios because they are mandated by Congress.
Both rules are part of Dodd-Frank, which was passed in 2010 to prevent a repeat of the financial crisis. Republicans have been highly critical of the law, saying its regulatory requirements are too burdensome for businesses.
"We ask that you conduct an investigation into each of these decisions to determine whether they are legally permissible, and in keeping with the SEC's core mission," wrote the lawmakers, which include Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Brian Schatz of Hawaii. Brown is the top Democrat on the committee, which has 12 Republicans and 11 Democrats.
Christopher Carofine, a spokesman for Piwowar's office, declined to comment. A spokesman for the inspector general's office could not be immediately reached for comment.
In Wednesday's letter, the lawmakers also complained because Piwowar recently revoked the power of certain mid-level managers in the enforcement division to issue subpoenas, and vested the power solely with the unit's director.
Decisions on how to delegate such authority rest with the SEC chair and do not require a commission vote.
Similarly, while the SEC chair cannot adopt rules unilaterally, SEC rules give the chairman fairly broad latitude to take other actions, such as hiring or directing staff to review rules.
Piwowar, a Republican, became the temporary head of the SEC in January. President Donald Trump's choice for SEC chairman, Jay Clayton, is awaiting Senate confirmation.
Piwowar announced in late January he had asked staff to review prior compliance guidance on the conflict minerals rule to determine if "additional relief" is appropriate. He took similar steps with the CEO pay rule a few days later.
The conflict minerals rule requires companies to tell investors if their products contain certain minerals from a war torn part of Africa.
The CEO pay ratio rule requires companies to provide a ratio comparing their chief executive officer's pay to the median workforce, and is set to start appearing in corporate filings during the 2018 proxy season. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average fell on Friday morning led by weakness in most sectors, with banking stocks down on worries domestic yields would be kept low after the central bank conducted a special bond purchase operation.
The Nikkei dropped 1.3 percent to 23,188.25 in midmorning trade. For the week, it has dropped 1.9 percent.
The broader Topix shed 0.9 percent to 1,853.89, with 32 of its 33 sectors falling.
The Bank of Japan on Friday conducted a special bond purchase operation to stem the rise in Japanese bond yields, offering to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to ten years left to maturity.
Bank shares, which rose the previous day after some banks posted brisk earnings results, lost ground. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group shed 1.8 percent, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group fell 1.4 percent and Mizuho Financial Group declined 1.2 percent.
Bucking the weakness, Kobe Steel jumped more than 9 percent after it reinstated its annual profit forecast. (Editing by Sam Holmes)
When the Fleet Foxes took the stage at the Santa Barbara Bowl to enthusiastic screams from the audience Tuesday night, one of the band members quipped, “Let us earn your love.”
And they did.
Indeed, it was a truly magical night of indie folk rock, with crisp, reverbed multipart harmonies ringing out in the nighttime air as a full moon rose up center stage. The band is touring in support of its second album, Helplessness Blues, the highly anticipated follow-up to the acclaimed 2008 self-titled debut, which was — in my opinion, rightly — at or near the top of many critics' best album lists that year. The band's only previous concert in town was in 2009 at UCSB's UCen. Songwriter and frontman Robin Pecknold also played a cool opening set at Joanna Newsom's concert at the Lobero Theatre just over a year ago.
As suggested by its title, Helplessness Blues has a bit of darkness to it, at least lyrically. The concert's first song, “The Plains / Bitter Dancer,” has the lyrics “Bloody reaper / You took a room and you settled in.” The song “Montezuma” includes “In dearth or in excess / Both the slave and the empress / Will return to the dirt I guess / Naked as when they came.” “Lorelai,” which has a “Norwegian Wood” musical feel to it, laments “Now I can see how / We were like dust on the window / Not much, not a lot / Everything stolen or borrowed.” And then, “Battery Kinzie,” one of the better songs on an album of strong ones, starts off with “I woke up one morning / All my fingers rotting / I woke up a dying man, without a chance.”
But somehow such lyrics don't bring you down — the sheer beauty of the musical arrangements prevents that. It is a tribute to the raw talent of the band that they make such arrangements seem effortless, because there is a lot going on. In addition to the beautiful vocals, sonic richness comes through instrumental embellishments such as mandolin and quickly bowed violin on “Sim Sala Bim,” flute on “The Plains / Bitter Dancer,” and bowed bass and out-there saxophone on “The Shrine / An Argument.”
At times, it was just Pecknold with his guitar, as for “Blue Spotted Tail,” which kept the audience rapt with attention, and the brand-new “I Let You,” which kicked off the encore and has a nice Paul Simon sound to it, perhaps a bit of a preview to Simon's upcoming Santa Barbara Bowl show on Oct. 23.
The band also played a healthy chunk of its debut album, including the amazing, bright-sounding “White Winter Hymnal,” which flowed into “Ragged Wood,” arguably the best two songs in the catalog. These
had a great mix that allowed the lyrics to come through better in concert than on the album. The band also played “Your Protector” in a more trancy style, and “Blue Ridge Mountains” in a heavier style than on the album.
Although this all sounds so serious, some levity came between songs when drummer J. Tillman joked that Santa Barbara makes him think of his Mom (named Barbara) and Christmas, as in them being introduced: “Santa. Barbara.” He then noted that “God knows, they both like their white wine.”
The evening started with a cool set by The Walkmen, including various new tracks plus some from their already recorded catalog such as “On The Water,” “Juveniles,” “Blue As Your Blood,” “Woe Is Me” and “All Hands and the Cook.” The latter of these included the ominous lyrics “The rain will come / The summer's passed.” It turned out that, apart from a few sprinkles, the rain did not come; but summer, alas, does seem to have passed.
All told, it was a glorious night of fresh, amazing music at the Santa Barbara Bowl.
Setlist
The Plains / Bitter Dancer
Mykonos English House
Battery Kinzie
Bedouin Dress
Sim Sala Bim
Your Protector White Winter Hymnal
Ragged Wood Montezuma He Doesn't Know Why
Lorelai The Shrine / An Argument
Blue Spotted Tail Grown Ocean
Encore
I Let You
Sun It Rises Blue Ridge Mountains
Helplessness Blues
— Noozhawk contributing writer Jeff Moehlis is a professor of mechanical engineering at UCSB. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on his Web site, music-illuminati.com.
May 2 Owens & Minor Inc
* Owens & minor reports 1st quarter 2017 financial results and announces acquisition
* Q1 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $0.41
* Q1 earnings per share $0.31
* Q1 revenue $2.33 billion versus i/b/e/s view $2.38 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.42 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms fy 2018 adjusted earnings per share view $2.05 to $2.20
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $1.75 to $1.85
* Owens & minor inc - is affirming its guidance for 2017 earnings on an adjusted basis
* Owens & minor inc - domestic segment quarterly revenues were $2.19 billion compared to $2.32 billion a year ago Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Retail Properties Of America Inc
* Reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 FFO per share $0.00
* Q1 operating FFO per share $0.28
* Sees FY 2017 FFO per share $1.00 to $1.05
* Retail Properties Of America Inc - expects to generate net income attributable to common shareholders of $0.91 to $0.96 per share in 2017
* Retail properties of america inc - revised 2017 same store noi growth range of 1.25% to 2.25% from 2.0% to 3.0%;
* Maintaining its 2017 operating ffo attributable to common shareholders guidance range of $1.00 to $1.05 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* TSX up 54.19 points, or 0.35 percent, to 15,697.18
* Eight of the TSX's 10 main groups advanced
By Solarina Ho
TORONTO, April 6 Canada's main stock index climbed modestly on Thursday, helped by energy and financial stocks, but the market was mostly subdued ahead of a big meeting between the United States and China, and employment data due on Friday.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index rose 54.19 points, or 0.35 percent, to close at 15,697.18. Of the index's 10 main groups, eight were higher.
"Everyone is waiting for Trump's meeting with the Chinese leader, but more importantly, tomorrow's a big day because people are awaiting the employment numbers," said Irwin Michael, portfolio manager at ABC Funds, referring to the meeting of U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping that kicks off on Thursday evening and the release of both Canadian and U.S. jobs data.
"No great shakes - there doesn't appear to be too many movers here. It's just very quiet, very subdued," Michael said.
The most influential stock on the index was Enbridge Inc , which finished 1.7 percent higher at C$56.60. TransCanada Corp, which won U.S. approval for the construction of the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline last month, rose 1.0 percent to C$62.66. The overall energy group was up 0.5 percent.
Financial stocks, which make up just over a third of the index's weight, gained 0.3 percent, with Canada's largest bank, Royal Bank of Canada, adding 0.8 percent to C$97.81, and Bank of Nova Scotia up 0.8 percent to C$78.73.
Offsetting gains, was a 0.5 percent fall to C$25.87 by Barrick Gold Corp. The Canadian miner announced on Thursday that China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick's Veladero gold mine in Argentina.
Raging River Exploration Inc dropped 6.2 percent to C$9.25 amid a report that it has hired an adviser to explore a possible sale.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, eked out a 0.2 percent gain, with Teck Resources Ltd's 3 percent rise to C$31.98 helping offset some of the subgroup's declines.
In corporate earnings news, Corus Entertainment Inc reported a lower-than-expected profit, hurt by higher costs. Shares were down 2.1 percent to C$12.69.
Economists polled by Reuters are expecting 5,000 new jobs in Canada and 180,000 new jobs in the United States for the month of March.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the TSX by 163 to 84, for a 1.94-to-1 ratio on the upside.
The index posted nine new 52-week highs and no new lows.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Leslie Adler)
HONG KONG, April 20 China Mobile Ltd, the country's largest telecoms network operator, said on Thursday its first-quarter profit was up by 3.7 percent due to demand for its 4G mobile broadband service.
The company said in a statement that profit for the January-March period rose to 24.8 billion yuan ($3.6 billion) on revenue also up 3.7 percent at 184 billion yuan.
It added 33.04 million 4G subscribers in the period, the company said, bringing its 4G customer base to 568 million. Data traffic grew rapidly, with handset data traffic up 101 percent compared with a year ago while voice traffic dropped by 7 percent.
Its total number of mobile subscribers rose to 856 million, from 849 million a year ago. Average revenue per user per month rose 1.6 percent to 58.5 yuan. ($1 = 6.8828 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
São Paulo May 2 State-controlled Petróleo Brasileiro and partners in Brazil's massive offshore prospect Libra are taking a series of steps to improve efficiency that could help them target a break-even price for oil of $35 a barrel.
In a Tuesday securities filing, Petrobras said those efforts -- taken jointly with Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Total SA , CNPC and CNOOC -- could help reduce development costs of the fourth phase of Libra by 30 percent, if successfully implemented. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Britain Football Soccer - Middlesbrough v Burnley - Premier League - The Riverside Stadium - 8/4/17 Burnley manager Sean Dyche applauds the fans at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters / Craig Brough
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has said his side's belief in their game plan and strength at home lie behind their solid form this season, with The Clarets on course to maintain their place in the Premier League next season.
Burnley, who returned to England's top flight after being relegated in 2015, have steered clear of the drop zone thanks to their home results, sitting 12th in the table and eight points above the bottom three with six games left.
In contrast to their home form, Burnley are yet to win an away league game this season.
"Sticking to what you believe in, and just flexing it to what you think can be effective at the higher level, and that's what we've done," Dyche told British media.
"We haven't gone too far away from what we think is a good way of the team playing. A good game plan for us and we've just flexed it... rather than go miles away, and so far it's been productive."
Dyche also lauded his players for adjusting to the challenges of the Premier League.
"There has been growth in the players mentally and physically... the tiny margins, they seem to be even smaller in the Premier League," Dyche said. "We've worked hard to get on the right side of the margins, so far."
Burnley travels to seventh-placed Everton on Saturday, having won the reverse fixture at Turf Moor in October.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
SOCHI, Russia Jolyon Palmer bashed his car and dented his ego at the Russian Grand Prix on Saturday.
The personal embarrassment pained the British Formula One driver as much as the damage to his Renault, which smacked into the tyre barriers during the first phase of qualifying for Sunday's race.
As Palmer told reporters, he had only himself to blame for the crash even if that was just another setback on a weekend beset with other issues beyond his control.
There were no bruises or knocks, he said, other than to the driver's ego.
"I... put it in the wall so it's quite difficult for me to point too many fingers at the team," he said.
Renault had rebuilt his car overnight after a hot exhaust damaged the chassis on Friday and then they also replaced the power unit before qualifying after a failure on Saturday morning.
That cost him precious track time and left him under pressure.
"When you haven't done any laps today it becomes a little bit more on the limit and you have to dig deep and explore new limits. Me losing the track time certainly contributed but it's my mistake," he said.
Palmer, who has yet to score a point in three races this season, qualified 16th.
"It's not going my way but it's a long season," he said. "It wasn't going my way this time last season either."
One of only two Britons on the grid, the other being triple champion Lewis Hamilton, Palmer's future was in the balance last year and there is already media speculation about who might replace him at the end of this campaign.
His German teammate Nico Hulkenberg, who scored Renault's first points of the campaign by finishing ninth in Bahrain, qualified eighth.
Palmer saw nothing heartening in that for him, even if it was good for the team.
"It's nice to see the car being competitive but I'm just focused on doing the best for myself," said the driver, who scored just one point last year in what was a transitional season for Renault after they bought the failing Lotus team.
"I'm still to do three proper practice sessions this year (in a weekend)... apart from that there's always been problems. I'm sure that at some point the luck will turn. There are plenty of races to turn it around."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
March 31 Indoco Remedies Ltd:
* Says USFDA had inspected drug manufacturing facility at Verna, Goa, from August 31st 2016 to September 4th, 2016
* Says as an outcome of inspection, facility received 6 observations in form 483, which do not pertain to data integrity
* Says continue to supply products from facility
* Says based on the review of compliance response, FDA accepted co's response to 4 observations
* FDA remains concerned with respect to 2 observations, pertaining to one specific product, for which co is contract manufacturer
* Received a warning letter from USFDA dated 27th March 2017 Source text:
The USFDAhad inspected our drug manufacturing facility (Plant II & Plant III, L-32,33,34 Verna Industrial Estate Area, Verna, Goa) , from August 31st 2016 to September 4th, 2016. As an outcome of this inspection, the facility received 6 observations in Form 483, which do not pertain to data integrity. Based on the review of compliance response, FDA accepted our response to 4 observations. However, FDA remains concerned with respect to 2 observations, pertaining to one specific product, for which we are contract manufacturer, for one of our customers and consequently we have received a warning letter from USFDA dated 27thMarch 2017, today. Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 CCL Industries Inc:
* CCL Industries announces two European acquisitions for Avery
* CCL Industries Inc - combined enterprise value of two transactions is approximately $34.4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
OTTAWA, March 29 Canada's main stock index rose modestly on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent increase in oil prices boosted shares of energy and resource companies.
Shortly after the closing bell, the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 59.06 points, or 0.38 percent, at 15,657.63. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; editing by Diane Craft)
SYDNEY, April 5 Iron ore shipments to China from Australia's Port Hedland terminal, used by BHP Billiton and Fortescue Metals Group, rose to 31.50 million tonnes from 30.19 million in February, port data showed on Wednesday.
Overall shipments from the world's biggest iron ore export terminal increased to 39.09 million tonnes from 35.67 million in February, according to the Pilbara Ports Authority. (Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Tom Hogue)
LA PAZ, April 6 Bolivian inflation was 0.01 percent in March, the government's National Statistics Institute (INE) said on Thursday, citing a slight increase in food and education prices.
The March data brought first-quarter inflation to 0.48 percent, INE said in a statement. Inflation for the 12 months through March was 3.34 percent.
Consumer prices in Bolivia rose 4 percent in full-year 2016. Its target for 2017 is 5.03 percent. (Reporting by Daniel Ramos; Editing by David Gregorio)
New paper by Nic Lewis and Judith Curry suggests future warming would be a third to nearly half of what the IPCC claims.
A paper just published by the Journal of Climate concludes that high estimates of future global warming from most computer climate simulations are inconsistent with observed warming since 1850. The implication is that future warming will be 30 to 45% lower than suggested by the simulations.
The study estimates climate sensitivity — how much the world will warm when carbon dioxide levels increase* — from changes in observed temperatures and estimates of the warming effect of greenhouse gases and other drivers of climate change, from the mid/late 19th century until 2016.
The paper also addresses previous criticisms of the methodology used, finding that these are unfounded.
Lead author Nicholas Lewis explains,
“Our results imply that, for any future emissions scenario, future warming is likely to be substantially lower than the central computer model-simulated level projected by the IPCC, and highly unlikely to exceed that level.”
He adds,
“Our new sensitivity estimates are slightly lower than those obtained in a predecessor study published several years ago, despite the inclusion of the strong 2015–16 El Niño warming. Importantly, the upper uncertainty bounds of the new estimates are much lower.”
Highlights
The estimates of effective radiative forcing given in the latest IPCC Assessment Report (AR5) are used, extended up to 2016, with recent revisions to greenhouse gas forcing and post-1990 ozone and aerosol forcing estimates incorporated.
A median estimate for ECS* of 1.66°C (5–95% uncertainty range: 1.15–2.7°C) is derived using globally-complete temperature data. The comparable estimate for 31 current generation (CMIP5) computer climate simulation models is 3.1°C.
One of the chief criticisms of the method used is that it does not allow for the possibility of climate sensitivity varying with time after imposition of forcing, as it does in most CMIP5 models. However, the paper shows that when calculated so as to correctly reflect CMIP5 models' behaviour, this possible effect is immaterial to either the study's or CMIP5 models' median ECS estimates. §
A median estimate for TCR* of 1.33°C (5–95%:1.15–1.9°C) is derived using the same data. The comparable estimate for the 31 CMPI5 models is 1.9°C.
The estimates of climate sensitivity are remarkably insensitive to the period of analysis chosen (see Figure 1).
Figure 1: Remarkably, estimation of climate sensitivity using the 1927–41 mean gives the same sensitivity estimate as using the 2007–16 mean. Circles show 1872–2016 pentadal-mean changes in net outgoing radiation (cyan pre-1927, blue post-1927) plotted against change in globally-complete surface temperature. The slope of the relationship is inversely proportional to climate sensitivity. Red squares show 15-year means from 1927–41 to 2007–16. Despite the effects of multidecadal internal variability, all the 15-year means lie close to the 1872–2016 pentadal-means regression best-fit line.†
These median ECS and TCR estimates imply multicentennial or multidecadal future warming under increasing forcing of only 55−70% of the central warming projection using CMIP5 models.
It has been suggested in various studies that forcing-efficacy effects (principally, cooling aerosol forcing having a stronger than normal effect), variability in sea-surface warming patterns and temperature estimation issues likely lead to climate sensitivity estimates based on warming over the last circa 150 years being biased low. All these issues are examined in detail in the paper, the conclusion being that very minor or no bias was to be expected when using globally-complete temperature data.
Nicholas Lewis and Judith Curry, 2018: The impact of recent forcing and ocean heat uptake data on estimates of climate sensitivity. Journal of Climate, Early Online Release https://doi.org/10.1175/JCLI-D-17-0667.1
Abstract
Energy budget estimates of equilibrium climate sensitivity (ECS) and transient climate response (TCR) are derived based on the best estimates and uncertainty ranges for forcing provided in the IPCC Fifth Assessment Scientific Report (AR5). Recent revisions to greenhouse gas forcing and post-1990 ozone and aerosol forcing estimates are incorporated and the forcing data extended from 2011 to 2016. Reflecting recent evidence against strong aerosol forcing, its AR5 uncertainty lower bound is increased slightly. Using a 1869–1882 base period and a 2007−2016 final period, which are well-matched for volcanic activity and influence from internal variability, medians are derived for ECS of 1.50 K (5−95%: 1.05−2.45 K) and for TCR of 1.20 K (5−95%: 0.9−1.7 K). These estimates both have much lower upper bounds than those from a predecessor study using AR5 data ending in 2011. Using infilled, globally-complete temperature data gives slightly higher estimates; a median of 1.66 K for ECS (5−95%: 1.15−2.7 K) and 1.33 K for TCR (5−95%:1.0−1.90 K). These ECS estimates reflect climate feedbacks over the historical period, assumed time-invariant. Allowing for possible time-varying climate feedbacks increases the median ECS estimate to 1.76 K (5−95%: 1.2−3.1 K), using infilled temperature data. Possible biases from non-unit forcing efficacy, temperature estimation issues and variability in sea-surface temperature change patterns are examined and found to be minor when using globally-complete temperature data. These results imply that high ECS and TCR values derived from a majority of CMIP5 climate models are inconsistent with observed warming during the historical period.
* Two standard metrics summarize the sensitivity of global surface temperature to an externally imposed radiative forcing. Equilibrium climate sensitivity (ECS) represents the change in temperature to a doubling of atmospheric CO 2 concentration once the deep ocean has reached equilibrium. The transient climate response (TCR), a shorter-term measure over 70 years, represents warming at the time CO 2 concentration has doubled when it is increased by 1% a year.
† Changes are relative to the 1850–1884 mean (this period has the same mean volcanic forcing as for 1850–2016). All volcanic forcing has been scaled by 0.55 to adjust for its low efficacy [discussed in the paper]. ΔR (= ΔF − ΔN) is estimated by scaling ΔF, based on ΔF and ΔN values for 2007–16.
§ This finding is in line with that in Mauritsen & Pincus 2017.
PDF copies of a version of the accepted manuscript for the paper and its Supporting Information, along with an article giving information about the paper and its findings, is available on Nicholas Lewis's personal web-site, here. A blog-post version of the article is available at Judith Curry's web-blog, here. Nicholas Lewis is the sole or lead author of six previous peer-reviewed papers about climate sensitivity.
Advertisements
CHICAGO A cadre of U.S. lawmakers and food safety advocates are pressuring the federal government to join other nations blocking shipments of raw beef from Brazil in the face of a scandal in that country's meatpacking sector.
The United States has already started testing all beef from Brazil for pathogens.
But farm organizations argue stronger action is needed to protect the food supply, with consumers less able to choose the meat they buy following the end of U.S. laws requiring that beef be labelled to show its origin. Their push to halt Brazilian imports could also boost domestic sales.
A slew of major meat buyers suspended imports after Brazilian federal police on March 17 unveiled an investigation into alleged payments to government health officials by meat processing companies to forego inspections and cover up health violations.
Without a similar move by the United States, "consumers who wish to avoid the Brazilian product would have to avoid all the products," said Bill Bullard, chief executive of U.S. cattle producers' group R-CALF USA.
U.S. legislators scrapped the U.S. labelling laws, known as COOL, in 2015 to avoid more than $1 billion (£796.24 million) in trade sanctions by Mexico and Canada.
Last year, the United States began allowing shipments of fresh beef from Brazil after banning them due to concerns about foot and mouth disease in cattle.
A box of meat imported from Brazil now would be labelled as coming from Brazil if it was sold to consumers in its original container, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). However, it would not be labelled if it is repackaged or reprocessed, the agency said.
Meat from Brazil is generally processed further in U.S. facilities and then used to make products such as ground beef, lunch meat, frozen food or fast food, according to the North American Meat Institute, which represents U.S. meatpackers.
On Monday, Brazil's agriculture minister said the country faced an uphill battle to rebuild its $14 billion meat export sector after the scandal hurt confidence in its products. Officials were heartened, though, by China's decision to lift import suspensions.
A block on Brazil's beef by the USDA would deal another blow to the reputation of its meat, even though the United States is not a top customer.
POSSIBILITY OF RETALIATION
U.S. Senators Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Jon Tester of Montana, and U.S. Representative Rosa DeLauro, a Connecticut Democrat, have pushed for a halt.
Allowing unsafe beef into the country endangers consumers and "the reputation of U.S. beef producers whose meat is sold next to imported meat - now without mandatory country of origin labelling," Heitkamp said in a letter to U.S. President Donald Trump.
Representatives of the USDA did not respond to requests for comment specifically on the lawmakers' calls for a ban.
Sonny Perdue, tapped to be the next U.S. agriculture secretary, supports the agency's extra checks but told U.S. senators last week that Brazil might retaliate if the country halted beef imports.
The USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) visits plants approved for exports to ensure they have equivalent safety standards to U.S. facilities and could suspend Brazil's eligibility if it does not maintain such standards.
Brazil's Agriculture Ministry says it has a strict system for regulating its 4,837 animal product-producing facilities, with 2,300 employees working on health inspections.
Maurício Porto, head of Brazil's National Union of Federal Sanitary Inspectors, said the safety system was strong. But he said the ministry had backed off a practice of rotating inspectors among plants to minimize influence and pressure from companies.
Tony Corbo, a senior lobbyist for environmental group Food & Water Watch, said the USDA's extra checks on imported Brazilian beef amounted to the agency doing Brazil's inspection work.
The United States has "spent a lot of money sending auditors down there and increasing inspections at ports and yet we still recognise them as having an equivalent inspection system," he said about Brazil. "It's just not."
(Additonal reporting by Gustavo Bonato in São Paulo; Editing by Mary Milliken)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: A combination of file photos showing Chinese President Xi Jinping (L) in London's Heathrow Airport, October 19, 2015 and (R) U.S. President Donald Trump listening to questions from reporters in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Mike Segar/File Photos
BEIJING China called on the United States to respect international trade rules and improve cooperation and dialogue in reaction to two new orders by U.S. President Donald Trump calling for an investigation into trade abuses.
Any U.S. trade enforcement measures should comply with generally accepted international trade rules and differences between the two countries should be handled properly, an unidentified spokesperson for China's Ministry of Commerce said in a speech on Saturday.
"China is willing to cooperate with the United States on a basis of equality and mutual benefit," the spokesperson said in the speech released on the ministry's website.
Trump signed executive orders on Friday aimed at investigating possible abuses causing large U.S. trade deficits and stopping import duty evasion.(nL2N1H8056)
He will host Chinese President Xi Jinping this Thursday and Friday at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida, where trade is expected to be a central talking point as well as North Korea and China's ambitions in the South China Sea.
Trump, who has taken a harsh stance on China's trade practices, last week tweeted that the meeting "will be a very difficult one", citing massive trade deficits and American job losses.
China maintains that the China-U.S. trade imbalance is mostly the result of differences between the economic structures and development stages of the two countries.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Kim Coghill)
CAPE TOWN South Africa have added former Springbok centre Brendan Venter to their rugby team management as they continue to strengthen their coaching expertise in a bid to put a horror year of results behind them.
The 47-year-old medical doctor, a member of South Africa's Rugby World Cup winning team in 1995, will work for the Springboks as their new defence and exits coach, a statement from South African Rugby said on Sunday.
Venter worked in a similar role with Italy during this year's Six Nations Championship where he is credited with the controversial tactic of not forming rucks in their match against England, putting the champions off their stride.
It led to Italy being ahead at halftime in the match at Twickenham before England recovered their composure to win 36-15.
But the Italian ploy was largely seen as a one-off, innovative idea that allowed them to be more competitive in a match in which they were expected to be handed a thumping.
Springbok coach Allister Coetzee said he was delighted that Venter had agreed to join the Bok coaching staff.
“We know each other well since our time together at the Stormers, and we share the same values. He will be responsible for defence and ‘exit' strategies,” said Coetzee, who has already added Cheetahs' coach Franco Smith to his staff.
“We delayed confirming this appointment out of respect for Italy's Six Nations campaign. The public delay did not interrupt our background planning,” added Coetzee.
South Africa lost eight of 12 internationals in 2016, including first-ever defeats in Argentina and Italy.
This year they face France in three home tests in June before competing in the Rugby Championship against Argentina, Australia and world champions New Zealand and then embarking on an end-of-season tour to Europe.
(Editing by Clare Lovell)
May 3 Sosei Group Corp :
* Says co's wholly owned subsidiary Sosei R&D Limited signs an investment agreement with MiNA (Holdings) Limited, which is the holding company of UK-based bio-medical firm MiNA Therapeutics Limited
* According to the agreement, the company will pay 35 million pounds for a 25.6 percent voting power and 140 million pounds for the options for potentially 100 percent stake of MiNA
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/6SpKZ9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
March 30 CytoTools AG:
* Issue of a convertible bond with a total nominal value of up to 0.6 million euros and a cash capital increase of nominally up to 0.2 million euros
* The plan is the issue in tranches of at least 100,000.00 euros ($107,390.00)
* Convertible bond is intended to allow conversion into up to 600,000 shares of the company at an interest rate of 5.0%, a conversion price of 17.50 euros and maturity until March 31, 2022
* Issue proceeds from capital measure would amount to roughly 2.8 million euros at the current price level
* Convertible bond issue: possible issue proceeds would amount to around 10.5 million euros in total placement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9312 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
April 28 Provident Financial Holdings Inc -
* Provident Financial Holdings announces extension of stock repurchase plan
* Provident Financial Holdings - board extended May 2016 stock repurchase plan for a period of one year or until all available shares are purchased
* Provident Financial Holdings Inc - MAY 2016 plan has 189,495 shares available for future purchases
* Provident Financial Holdings Inc - extension of MAY 2016 stock repurchase plan is effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Numerous lake sightings have occurred
Of our elusive national bird
To glimpse the bald eagle
Find its head - so regal
When its distinctive high “kleek” is heard.
A young carpenter had to complain
When he left his nail gun in the rain.
His wife chose to procure
A rust brown manicure.
So for both, rusty nails now remain
Our weather forecasters may blunder
Due to the high pressures they're under.
They watch each other's shows
To see how the wind blows.
The trade calls it stealing the thunder
March 30 Mastercard Inc
* Mastercard names Erika Brown Lee as Assistant General Counsel for Privacy and Data Protection
* Mastercard -Brown Lee joins co after more than three years at United States Department of Justice, where she was chief privacy and civil liberties officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HARARE Six people were killed when a small plane crashed in eastern Zimbabwe near the border with Mozambique, a state-owned newspaper said on Tuesday.
The Mozambican-registered eight-seater plane crashed into the Vumba mountains near the Mozambican boarder, with witnesses blaming bad weather, The Herald newspaper said.
Four of the people were directors of a Mozambican company that has operations in Zimbabwe, while the two crew members were a father and son.
The Herald said an aid force helicopter had airlifted the bodies to a nearby hospital.
(Reporting by MacDonald Dzirutwe; Editing by Ed Cropley)
SINGAPORE Rickmers Maritime (RIMT.SI), a Singapore-listed trust that operates container ships, said it would be wound up as it has been unable to reach an agreement with its lenders to restructure debt or raise new equity.
Struggling in the wake of a global shipping downturn, Rickmers joins other Singapore-listed companies from the offshore and marine sectors that have been grappling with debt in the last year.
Singapore banks, which were caught off-guard by the collapse of oilfield services company Swiber Holdings (SWBR.SI) last year, have taken a hit as the firms restructure their loans.
Rickmers said in a statement on Wednesday that it could not continue as a "going concern" due to its failure to meet some debt obligations and various breaches in loan covenants. Its last year flagged the risk that could happen.
"In light of the aggravated illiquidity and lack of new investors ... it is impracticable to continue the trust," Rickmers said.
Rickmers, whose major lenders include HSH Nordbank and DBS Group Holdings Ltd (DBSM.SI), had medium-term notes of S$100 million ($71 million) and secured bank loans of $270.8 million as of the end of last year. Its bondholders rejected a debt restructuring plan in December.
DBS said it had made "suitable provisions" for Rickmers, while HSH did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trading in Rickmers units, valued at $16.3 million, has been suspended since November. The company said unitholders were "highly unlikely" to recover any of their investments.
Rickmers said it was in advanced discussions with a potential buyer for its assets which may allow it to distribute some cash upfront to unsecured creditors.
The firm says on its website that it owns 14 container ships with a total capacity of 57,100 20-foot equivalent units.
Rickmers said the business operations of its vessels would remain unaffected by the winding up process and that the trust would continue to meet its ongoing charter party obligations.
"They are quite a small player in the overall shipping industry, so the impact will be very limited," said Joel Ng, an analyst at KGI Fraser Securities.
($1 = 1.4018 Singapore dollars)
(Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan; Additional reporting by Anshuman Daga; Editing by Stephen Coates and Joseph Radford)
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping chat as they walk along the front patio of the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
FILE PHOTO: White House spokesman Sean Spicer answers a question about the upcoming vote on healthcare during a press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON U.S. trade negotiators will try to hammer out deals with China over the next 100 days to resume imports of American beef and to allow U.S. access to China's closed services sector, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday.
Spicer said that U.S and Chinese officials were still at the early stages of "fleshing out" a pledge by President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping to develop 100-day plan to help reduce China's massive trade surplus with the United States that was made at their first meeting in Florida last week.
Asked in a press briefing whether China had offered concessions on beef and financial services access, as reported by the Financial Times, Spicer said these sectors were among topics that U.S.-China talks would cover.
"I think, obviously, beef exports and additional market access in China, intellectual property, the ability to have foreign ownership, especially in the services industry, is something that has been a big prize of U.S. exporters and industry for a long time," Spicer said. "But it is something that is being hammered out as we go forward."
Another Trump administration official said U.S. trade discussions with China will cover a variety of sectors, and the meetings were just getting started.
Asked about the FT's report of beef and financial services concessions by China, the official said: "Two sectors is not considered comprehensive."
No decisions have been made to revive negotiations over a U.S.-China bilateral investment treaty that were pursued by the Obama administration last year, said the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly about U.S. negotiating plans.
China could become a massive export market for U.S. beef if a deal could be struck, said Brett Stuart, chief executive of Global AgriTrends in Denver. He said the Greater China region currently imports about $7 billion worth of beef annually - a figure expected to grow as China's middle class expands.
But China has purchased hardly any American beef since it conditionally lifted a longstanding import ban last year. The ban was imposed in 2003 due to a case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad cow disease, in Washington state.
"We have yet to see U.S. beef on Chinese tables," said Craig Uden, president of the National Cattlemen's Beef Association.
(Additional reporting by Tom Polansek and Theopolis Waters in Chicago; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -0.8 pct, CSI300 -0.5 pct, HSI -0.4 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used 3.5 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 3.9 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 6 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 0.3 pct
* CNY official close 6.888 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.5 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +0.4 pct
SHANGHAI, April 20 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China relaxes some cross-border capital curbs as yuan steadies-sources
* China's Li says EU and China must promote free and fair trade
* China sees higher risk of mass unemployment, pledges more support
* China to cut firms' tax burden to support economic growth
* Moody's says results of Chinese banks for 2016 showed continued pressures on profitability
* China re-opens electric vehicle subsidies scheme to six companies
* China premium car market to grow 50 pct over next decade -Audi CEO
* China EV makers to take on Tesla's Model 3 through price, local manufacture
* Foreign carmakers embrace China as electric car development hub
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* EXCLUSIVE-China gathers state-led consortium for Aramco IPO - sources
* EXCLUSIVE-China Development Bank may finance Fosun's Polyus deal - sources
* China's Shandong Tyan says talks over on bid for Barrick's Kalgoorlie
* China's ZTE appoints U.S. head Cheng as new mobile business chief
* Continental AG, China Unicom set up transport systems venture
* China Fortune Land Development's shares to resume trading on April 20
2016 results
* Leshi's 2016 net profit down 3.2 pct
* Risesun Real Estate's 2016 net profit up 72.1 pct
* Lens Technology's 2016 net profit down 22 pct
* Shandong Nanshan Aluminium's 2016 net profit up 28.9 pct
* Luxshare Precision's 2016 net profit up 7.23 pct
* Kangmei Pharmaceutical's 2016 net profit up 21.2 pct, other moves
* China CYTS Tours' 2016 net profit up 63.8 pct Q1 results
* Orient Securities sees Q1 net profit up 99.55 pct
* Beijing Sanju Environmental Protection's Q1 net profit up 115.3 pct
* Yanzhou Coal Mining sees Q1 net profit up about 580-600 pct
* Zhengzhou Yutong Bus' Q1 net profit down 16.5 pct
* Xinjiang Tianshan Cement's net loss narrows in Q1
* Shandong Iron and Steel returns to profit in Q1, plans bond issue
Equity changes/IPOs
* Hisense's controlling shareholder cut stake
* Pengqi's shareholder plans to increase shareholdings
* Zhejiang Dibay Electric's IPO 9,113.23 times oversubscribed M&A
* China Calxon Group to buy remaining 49 pct stakes in investment firm for 920 mln yuan Trading halt/resumption
* Unisplendour scraps plan to buy telecommunication related assets, trading in shares to resume
* Livzon Pharma, unit to sell pharma firm, A-share trade to resume Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* Founder Securities files lawsuit against shareholder Beijing Zenth Holdings
* Navinfo in strategic agreements with Visteon's unit, Beijing BDStar
* Wuxi Lead Intelligent Equipment signs sales contracts with Gree Electric Appliances' unit (Compiled by Luoyan Liu; Editing by Sam Holmes)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
May 3 Pixium Vision SA:
* And research partners report progress in multiple areas with IRIS and PRIMA during ARVO 2017 World Conference
* IRIS system shows highly significant correlation (p<0.001) between electrode stimulation site and visual percept location
* PRIMA system elicits visual perception, demonstrated via positive behavioral response in living animal models Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A man holds a sign reading 'No more dictatorship' during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Security forces block demonstrators using riot shields and pepper spray during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators carry a banner reading 'Elections now, justice first' during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
A demonstrator throws a stone during clashes with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Demonstrators scuffle with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators scuffle with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator holds a broken police shield while being hit by a water cannon during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator throws back a tear gas canister during clashes with security forces at an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators hold a large Venezuelan flag during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Policemen are seen amidst tear gas during clashes with demonstrators at an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS Venezuelan security forces quelled masked protesters with tear gas, water cannons and pepper spray in Caracas on Tuesday after blocking an opposition rally against socialist President Nicolas Maduro.
The clashes began after authorities closed subway stations, set up checkpoints and cordoned off a square where opponents had planned their latest protest against autocratic government and a crippling economic crisis.
In cat-and-mouse skirmishes on backstreets and highways around the capital, youths built barricades, burnt trash and hurled rocks and bottles at soldiers and police. Various opposition leaders organised roadblocks.
Police used pepper spray on National Assembly head Julio Borges, two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles and rights activist Lilian Tintori, as they led protesters onto highways and jostled at barricades, witnesses said.
Opposition activists said armed pro-government gangs joined the fray and opened fire. "About 50-100 guys arrived on bike and started to shoot in the air," protester Bernardo Sanchez told local media, saying a bullet had lodged in his thigh.
In one street, kneeling women sang the national anthem as neighbours banged pots and pans from nearby buildings in a show of anger against a government they blame for a deep recession that has led to shortages of food and basics.
"We're going to get rid of them but we have to fight," said Jose Zapata, 57, an electrician, as he marched with a stick in his hand.
Overlooking one wide avenue, some pro-Maduro residents in a state housing project threw trash onto protesters below.
With thousands out on both sides, supporters of the 54-year-old president organised their own rally, in a volatile scenario seen constantly during the 18 years of leftist rule in the South American nation.
"They want an intervention in Venezuela," said Prisons Ministry worker Juan Aponte, 34, who wore the red colours of the ruling Socialist Party.
Protests also were staged in other cities and more are planned across the country for Thursday.
The government accuses opposition parties of abetting a U.S.-led plot to topple Maduro, who has ruled Venezuela since the 2013 death of Hugo Chavez.
INTERNATIONAL PRESSURE
Tensions have soared in the oil-producing country's long-running political standoff after the pro-Maduro Supreme Court last week annulled the opposition-led congress' functions.
Although the court retracted that ruling over the weekend, the National Assembly remains powerless due to previous court judgement.
The renewed instability sent Venezuelan bonds lower, with the benchmark 2027 paper's price down 4.4 percent.
Foreign pressure on Maduro has risen as opposition protests resumed late last week.
"Here the world can see the dictatorial path Mr. Maduro has chosen," Capriles said.
Maduro says the U.S. government and other foes are whipping up hysteria against him to lay the ground for a coup.
"From the north (the United States), they give the order to the defeated fascist right of Venezuela to fill the streets with violence and blood," Maduro said on state TV.
"In Caracas, in Venezuela, peace has triumphed once again."
Maduro's administration is particularly furious with Organization of American States head Luis Almagro, who is leading regional condemnation.
The regional bloc on Monday urged Venezuela to restore congress' authority and guarantee separation of powers, but Venezuela's representative walked out, as did the envoy from fellow leftist Bolivia, which holds the OAS presidency.
"The OAS has surpassed itself in aggression against Venezuela," Maduro said late on Monday. "It is a real court of inquisition, carrying out abuses and vulgarities."
Venezuela's opposition won a National Assembly majority in late 2015 but the Supreme Court has overturned almost all its measures.
Due to the chaos in Caracas, the legislature postponed until Wednesday a session to censure the "rupture" of Venezuela's constitution. Legislators also plan this week to start proceedings to remove Supreme Court judges but that would only be a symbolic rebuke since congress has no power to act.
(Additional reporting by Diego Ore, Carlos Rawlins, Eyanir Chinea and Andrew Cawthorne; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Bill Trott, Toni Reinhold)
TOKYO, March 31 Japan Post Bank Co said on Friday it was seeking regulatory approval to make loans to retail customers.
Unlike most commercial lenders that make money off loans, Japan Post Bank is the nation's biggest deposit taker and relies in large part on investment returns from its portfolio of Japanese government bonds. (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Chris Gallagher)
Britain's Prime Minster Theresa May delivers a stump speech at Netherton Conservative Club during the Conservative Party's election campaign, in Dudley April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Radburn/Pool
LONDON Theresa May appeared on course to win a crushing election victory in June after opinion polls put support for her ruling Conservative party at around 50 percent, double that of the opposition Labour party.
May's decision to call a June 8 election stunned her political rivals this week and a string of polls released late on Saturday suggested the gamble had paid off, with one from ComRes showing the party of Margaret Thatcher enjoying levels of support not seen since 1991.
May, appointed prime minister in the turmoil that followed Britain's vote to leave the European Union last June, said she needed the election to secure her own mandate and strengthen her hand for the Brexit negotiations ahead.
She is also looking to capitalise on the disarray swirling around the Labour party, which has been riven with internal division over its leader Jeremy Corbyn. Voters also appear to be switching from the anti-EU UKIP party, which helped campaign for Brexit, to May's Conservatives, which will likely deliver it.
"The announcement of a snap election has clearly focused the minds of the electorate," said James Crouch at pollster Opinium.
In two other polls, May's Conservatives also gained ground in Scotland at the expense of the Scottish National Party, potentially weakening the nationalists' demand for another independence referendum.
May has already warned her party not to take victory for granted, a message that was echoed by pollsters on Saturday.
"While no political party could ever object to breaching the 50 percent barrier for the first time this century, this spectacular headline result masks a real danger for the Tories," said ComRes Chairman Andrew Hawkins.
"The fact that six in ten voters believe Labour cannot win under Corbyn's leadership bring with it the threat of complacency among Tory (Conservative) voters who may be tempted to sit at home on June 8th and let others deliver the result they expect."
According to polls by Opinium, ComRes and YouGov, May's Conservatives held a lead of between 19 and 25 percentage points, with the party's support ranging from 45 percent to 50 percent.
Having repeatedly denied that she would call an election, May is now also poised to announce a raft of policy proposals more commonly associated with the left-leaning Labour party, according to the Sunday Times.
The newspaper said the Conservatives would pledge to protect workers' rights and cap more household energy prices in a bid to help those hit by rising inflation and muted wage growth.
If the polls are correct, the Conservatives could secure a once-in-a-generation victory that will realign the British political landscape. According to the polls, Labour has lost its reputation as the party that would best protect the National Health Service - once its strongest claim.
The improved Conservative fortunes across the country have also spread to Scotland, where First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's Scottish National Party, or SNP, has stepped up calls for a second independence referendum.
According to an analysis for the Times, the Conservatives are on course to win 12 seats in Scotland while Labour will be wiped out from its former political stronghold. Currently, the Conservatives hold only one of Scotland's 59 seats in the British parliament. The SNP holds 54.
(Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Matt Morgan, Glenn Rubenstein and Raj Giri are back for the latest edition of the Wrestling Inc. podcast. Topics include:
- Finn Balor already returning to action
- Braun Strowman vs. Roman Reigns announced for Payback
And more!
Also, don't forget to try out DDPY, specifically their awesome Max Pack, used by the likes of Chris Jericho, AJ Styles, Mick Foley and tons of other WWE stars who love using DDPY. For a limited time, you can get the DDPY DVDs for 25% off plus 3 months of full access to the DDP YOGA NOW App, or if you're into digital only, you can get just the DDP YOGA NOW App for 25% off. You can also buy a max or combo pack at 25% off and you can get 50% off the second one. You can sign up at DDPYoga.com/WrestlingInc.
You can check out the full episode in the video above or the audio player below. If you want to subscribe, you can do so through iTunes as well as our RSS feed, which you can use this to subscribe through any podcast app. If you like the show, please subscribe and rate on iTunes! Also, please give us a thumbs up and subscribe on Youtube!
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
The President of the Law Society says she was unaware just how widespread sexual harassment and bullying is in the legal industry until she saw results of a survey released yesterday.
The survey showed that almost a third of Kiwi female lawyers have been sexually harassed in their workplace.
Twenty-eight per cent of lawyers has witnessed sexual harassment in a legal environment during their working life - and only 12 per cent of lawyers who had been sexually harassed said they had formally complained.
Kathryn Beck, speaking this morning to TVNZ 1's Breakfast programme, also apologised to female lawyers who had come to the Society and felt that they were not listened to.
"What I'm very conscious of is that, as a law society, we haven't been as responsive as we should have been and we haven't provided the cultural leadership to the profession that we should have done," Ms Beck said.
"To those women that felt that they weren't heard by us and that we weren't a safe place to come - I'm just so sorry."
Ms Beck said she has called on the industry in a letter to commit to making fundamental change, the with response from the industry "overwhelming positive and constructive".
"We are looking for change and thats what needs to happen here ... these facts help give the motivation to make that change.
A woman and her daughter ride bicycles as they part in Girls on Bike rally in Islamabad, Pakistan, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Mahmood
A woman flashes victory signs as she rides a bicycle during Girls on Bike rally in Islamabad, Pakistan, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Mahmood
A girl rides a bicycle as she takes part in Girls on Bike rally in Islamabad, Pakistan, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Mahmood
ISLAMABAD Dozens of women in Pakistan took part in female-only bike races in major cities on Sunday, in an event organised to challenge male dominance of public spaces in the country.
"Our strategy is simply to be visible in public spaces," said Meher Bano of Girls at Dhabas, a feminist group which organised the races after a woman from Lahore was pushed off her bicycle by a group of men last year for not responding to catcalls.
The bike race was one of many events organised in the last few years by Girls at Dhabas - the name given to roadside restaurants in Pakistan - to promote female participation in public events, fight restrictions faced by women in public places and increase awareness.
"I drive on these roads all the time but this was maybe the first time I got to experience them while biking," said Humay Waseem, one of the riders on the 5-kilometre race around Pakistan's leafy capital Islamabad.
"I loved the feeling of freedom with the breeze in my hair."
Members of Girls at Dhabas say they are a new generation of Pakistani feminists determined to build on progress made by their predecessors.
"The women's movement is as old as Pakistan but it is not something that is really talked about or written about," said Bano.
Over 60 percent of Pakistan's nearly 200 million people are under the age of 30 but young women in the Muslim country continue to face barriers to employment and are often made to feel uncomfortable going to male-dominated public areas, said Bano.
"It's part of a much greater narrative that leads to harassment, it leads to violence," she said.
Last September, an upcoming Pakistani fashion brand, called Do Your Own Thing, removed an advertising campaign on social media featuring a female flash mob after the women appearing in it faced online harassment.
In July, Qandeel Baloch, a social media celebrity known for her risque online posts was killed by her brother for bringing dishonour to the family. She became a feminist icon after her murder shocked the nation.
Though there is a small but vocal liberal movement in Pakistan, most noticeable in sections of the media, women who push feminist ideals often face a barrage of abuse and are portrayed as being infected with Western or un-Islamic ideals.
After the race in Islamabad on Sunday, the riders, mostly aged in their 20s, swapped stories about being gawped at or catcalled when they go out. They also talked of the need to fight growing conservatism on Pakistan's streets, saying there are fewer women out in public today than 20 years ago.
"We are letting that space go and society is getting more narrow-minded," said one of riders.
(Reporting by Saad Sayeed; Editing by Susan Fenton)
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Colombian championship Liga Aguila I match on Saturday Saturday, April 15 Jaguares 2 Cortulua 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Atletico Nacional 11 9 2 0 22 4 29 2 Independiente Medellin 12 8 1 3 21 12 25 3 Jaguares 13 6 4 3 11 10 22 4 Pasto 12 5 4 3 19 11 19 5 Deportivo Cali 12 5 4 3 17 10 19 6 Alianza Petrolera 12 5 3 4 15 15 18 7 Millonarios 12 5 2 5 16 9 17 8 Patriotas Boyaca 12 4 5 3 12 11 17 ------------------------- 9 La Equidad 12 5 2 5 10 11 17 10 Bucaramanga 12 4 4 4 9 10 16 11 Santa Fe 12 4 4 4 9 12 16 12 America 12 4 3 5 14 15 15 13 Tolima 12 4 2 6 14 16 14 14 Once Caldas 12 3 4 5 9 16 13 15 Tigres 12 3 4 5 5 13 13 16 Atletico Huila 12 3 3 6 9 16 12 17 Envigado 12 2 5 5 9 12 11 18 Rionegro Aguilas 12 2 5 5 5 12 11 19 Cortulua 13 2 5 6 11 20 11 20 Atletico Junior 11 2 4 5 15 17 10 1-8: Championship play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Saturday, April 15 Tolima v Deportivo Cali (2230) Santa Fe v Bucaramanga (2300) Sunday, April 16 Pasto v Millonarios (0045) La Equidad v Tigres (1900) Alianza Petrolera v Atletico Huila (2100) America v Once Caldas (2215) Rionegro Aguilas v Independiente Medellin (2300) Monday, April 17 Atletico Nacional v Envigado (0100)
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres visits Al Zaatari refugee camp in the Jordanian city of Mafraq, near the border with Syria March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Awad
UNITED NATIONS Secretary-General Antonio Guterres is disappointed and alarmed by Israel's decision to build a new settlement on land the Palestinians seek for a state and has condemned the move, his spokesman said on Friday.
Israel's security cabinet on Thursday approved the building of the first new settlement in the occupied West Bank in two decades, even as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu negotiates with Washington on a possible curb of settlement activity.
"He condemns all unilateral actions that, like the present one, threaten peace and undermine the two-state solution," U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement.
The White House appeared more accommodating to Israel's plans for the new settlement, intended for some 40 families evicted from Amona, a West Bank outpost razed in February because it was built on private Palestinian land.
A White House official noted Netanyahu had made a commitment to the Amona settlers before U.S. President Donald Trump and the Israeli leader agreed to work on limiting settlement activity.
Trump, who had been widely seen in Israel as sympathetic towards settlements, appeared to surprise Netanyahu during a White House visit last month, when he urged him to "hold back on settlements for a little bit."
The two then agreed that their aides would try to work out a compromise on how much Israel can build and where.
"The Israeli government has made clear that Israel's intent is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes President Trump's concerns into consideration," a written statement from the official said.
Following Thursday's announcement, Israeli officials said Netanyahu's security cabinet decided out of respect for Trump's peace efforts to limit construction in settlements to existing, built-up areas and not to expand beyond present boundaries.
The White House was informed in advance about the planned announcement of a new settlement as well as the Israeli policy shift and raised no objections, a person close to the matter said, signalling possible coordination between the two governments.
U.S. and Israeli officials completed a round of talks on the settlements last week without agreement, saying the discussions were ongoing, and the two sides have yet to announce any final understanding on the issue.
Trump's Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, this week wrapped up a second trip to the region aimed at reviving peace talks that collapsed in 2014.
Palestinians want the West Bank and East Jerusalem for their own state, along with the Gaza Strip.
Most countries view Israeli settlement activity as illegal and an obstacle to peace. Israel disagrees, citing biblical and historical ties to the land it captured in the 1967 Middle East war, as well as security concerns.
The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution in December that demanded a halt to settlement building, after the Obama administration decided to abstain from the vote instead of vetoing the moving.
Sweden's U.N. Ambassador Olof Skoog, a member of the Security Council, said on Friday that the 15-member Security Council should respond to the latest announcement by Israel on settlements.
"The urgency of the situation and the deterioration on the ground might call for some sort of Security Council action, although we know that finding unity on this is not easy," he told reporters.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Maayan Lubell in Jerusalem and Matt Spetalnick in Washington; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Solar Pump Inverter Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report ABB, Hitachi, Voltronic Power, Schneider Electric, GRUNDFOS, B&B Power, Sollatek, Solar Tech, Gozuk, MNE, Volta can, Hober.
The report begins with introducing the global Solar Pump Inverter market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Solar Pump Inverter report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-solar-pump-inverter-market/5932/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Solar Pump Inverter Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single Purpose, Multipurpose.
Solar Pump Inverter Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Commercial Use, Home Use.
Key points in the Solar Pump Inverter Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-solar-pump-inverter-market/5932/#inquiry
From all of this Solar Pump Inverter market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Solar Pump Inverter market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Solar Pump Inverter distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 6 Cardiome Pharma Corp:
* Cardiome's partner steadymed announces successful completion of trevyent clinical validation study
* Cardiome Pharma-Steadymed says results "indicate patchpump devices performed as intended in all categories of evaluation", including dose accuracy, precision Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Tech addiction is a very real problem that parents should be aware of.
It's no secret that children are spending more time on their phones than ever before. Young people have grown up in an era where using technology from an early age is practically unavoidable – leading to fears they are more vulnerable to developing addictions to social media apps and their smartphones.
Now former Facebook employees have spoken about designing addictive technology that may cause harm to youngsters.
Speaking on a BBC Panorama programme, Smartphones: The Dark Side, which will air at 7pm on BBC One tonight, a former platform manager at the tech firm claimed that Facebook's aim was to “addict” people. “They know what the negative effects are and they are not being honest,” Sandy Parakilas said.
Parakilas, who likened social media to a “slot machine”, stopped using the service after he left the company in 2012. He said: “It literally felt like I was quitting cigarettes.”
Facebook told the BBC that its products were designed “to bring people closer to their friends, family and things they care about”. And it said “at no stage does want something to be addictive factor into that process”.
But internet addiction (or phone addiction, or technology addiction – whatever you choose to call it) is something a lot of parents worry about. So how do you make sure your child has a healthy relationship with social media apps?
Here we've found a few tips for fostering balance, setting boundaries and helping your family to cut down on screen time.
1. Have a ‘bedtime' for phones
Studies have found that using technology at night can worsen the quality of children's sleep. Not only can kid get addicted to the endless scrolling feature, but the artificial light from screens can inhibit the production of melatonin – the hormone that makes them feel sleepy.
Asking your children to power down their tablets, phones and other devices at least one hour before bed sets healthy night-time habits and stops the urge to endlessly browse the internet all night.
2. Plan outdoor activities
The best way to kick your child's phone habit? Limit the potential for bored scrolling by distracting them with something fun. Whether enrolling them in a local sports club, introducing them to a new skill or simply making the most of the good weather by going on a family walk, get creative with some forward planning.
The exercise and fresh air will do wonders for their mood, and it will remind them that there's more to life than spending hours glued to a smartphone.
3. Set a good example
If you're expecting your children to cut down on their mobile phone use, then you need to practise what you preach. Banning your children from using their apps, and then spending family meal times incessantly scrolling through yours, sets a negative example for youngsters.
Implement phone-free times and make sure that everyone sticks to them. When it comes to spending quality time together, you could even try phone stacking: a trick where everyone piles their phones on top of one another in the middle of the table, so nobody can get distracted mid-conversation.
4. Let kids help set the rules
Make children aware of the negative effects of too much phone time and get them involved in planning the times where they think they should be able to access the internet. This way, it will feel more like a mutual decision, rather than an unreasonably enforced punishment.
5. Homework first
If you feel like your child's studies are being affected by their phone use, implement the rule that they can only access their apps once they've completed their homework. Taking away phones during study times will also help them to focus on the task at hand.
6. Find a natural stopping point
#candycrush #candycrushaddict A post shared by Doreen (@doreenre) on Jul 3, 2018 at 4:07pm PDT
Switching off a game in the middle of a level is a sure-fire way to foster animosity – how would you like it if it was done to you? Be respectful and give you kids a 10-minute warning before they have to stop. This should give them enough time to finish up what they're doing.
7. Keep an eye out
Highly recommend everyone downloads this app called “moment” it tracks how much u use ur phone everyday and it shocks me sometimes how much I use it lol pic.twitter.com/LNvJRYjs2V — jordan (@jordanprxce) July 2, 2018
Technology might be the problem, but it can also help you to find a solution. There are apps that can help you to monitor your child's technology use, such as Moment, which automatically tracks how much your family uses their iPhone and iPad each day. Together, you can set daily limits on their device and be notified when they go over.
Ultimately, if you're worried about how much time your child is spending on their phone, cutting down is always a good idea. Studies have found that apps like Instagram and Snapchat have a negative impact on children's mental health, putting them at risk of anxiety, depression, and loneliness.
What's most important when balancing technology use is to give your child the responsibility of using their mobile device sensibly, keeping an open line of communication and making sure that your children know about both the positive and negative aspects of social media.
© Press Association 2018
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Patient Centric Healthcare App Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast to 2024
Contact
Mr. Shah
12067016702
sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Mr. Shah12067016702
End
-- Patient Centric Healthcare App Market Overview:Increasing consumer health awareness and rising prevalence of various diseases is peaking consumer interest towards ways to monitor and maintain good health. Increasing prevalence of obesity and diabetes, and high cholesterol levels due to changes in lifestyle and proliferation of smartphones and wearable devices are influencing the populace to opt for various health monitoring apps to monitor and maintain optimal health. Patient centric healthcare apps help users to stay updated about medication times, number of calories consumed, dehydration level in body, etc. As per a recent statistic shared by Apple Inc., on an average, an iPhone user unlocks his phone 80 times a day, while statistics released by Pew Research stated that around 46% of people surveyed in the U.S. claimed that they simply could not live without their phones. This creates a large target population for developers of health apps Increasing trend towards usage of healthcare IT systems to offer access to patients data to practitioners sitting anywhere in world and routine checkup of lab reports, easy access to radiology and pathology reports from mobile devices is expected to boost growth of patient centric healthcare app market.Increasing occurrence of complications due to non-adherence to doctor's recommendations and not undergoing routine checkup due to busy work life, necessitates a companion app that helps users actively monitor their health. The healthcare industry in general is experience an increasing trend towards patient-centric approach in clinical trials focusing on personalized medicine and patient empowerment. This entails enhanced focus on patient care as part of healthcare services and enables the patient to access the various services and take control of their own health. This is expected to further create lucrative opportunities to patient centric healthcare applications providers for diagnostic purpose. Increasing government initiatives to digitalize healthcare system in their respective countries as part of overhauling and strengthening the healthcare infrastructure is acting as a value-driver to patient centric healthcare app. Dubai Health Authority (DHA) launched patient centric app Sehhaty as part of its smart city program. Developed regions such as North America and Europe are expected to contribute major share to the market due to higher acceptance of advanced technologies, complemented by robust healthcare infrastructure and high discretionary income in these regions.Global Patient Centric Healthcare App Market TaxonomyThe global patient centric healthcare app market is classified on the basis of following segments:Category Type:· Wellness Managemento Fitnesso Lifestyle and stresso Diet and Nutrition· Disease and Treatment Managemento Healthcare Providers/Insuranceo Medication Reminders and Informationo Women's Health and Pregnancyo Disease specific· OthersTechnology Type:· Internet-based Technology· Mobile Devices· Home TelehealthOperating System:· iOS· Androids· WindowsEnd Users:· Personal Usage· Hospital· Clinics· OthersMajor Patient centric Healthcare apps in the market: Patient Centric Connected Care (PC3)( Infinite Computer Solutions Inc.), IntelliVue Guardian System (Philips), Philips mobile medical app (Philips), miMeds (iPatientCare), miCalc (iPatientCare), miWater (iPatientCare), Apple's CareKit (Apple) etc.Increasing focus on multi-platform apps for wider penetrationCompanies are focusing on introducing novel apps that can sync with various health monitoring devices and offer compatibility with most major mobile platforms in order to increase product penetration. In July 2014, iPatientCare, Inc., one of the pioneer in mhealth and cloud based ambulatory HER launched its new patient centric app for iphone and ipad. It allows patients and clinicians to remain updated about patient's health. In September 2016, IBA and Philip launched its new patient centric solution for IBA's proton therapy system for treatment of cancer. In 2015, Health Fabric, launched its product health fabric store where clinicians and commissioners create, share and recommend care plans to their patients.Subscription-based services and in-app purchases: A preferred revenue generation model for playersThe global patient centric healthcare app market is highly fragmented owing to the participation of many established and emerging players in the patient centric healthcare app market. Major players involved in the global patient centric healthcare app market include Philips, iPatientCare, MobileSmith, Klick Health, and Health Fabric. Major players provide their apps for free. However, to avail of major services such as interactions with doctors, a one-time fee or a subscription model is adopted. For instance, DynaMed Mobile, Isabel, and Epocratesare some of the many apps in the market that are free to download, though there is a subscription fee applicable to avail of additional services. Advancements in technology are expected to pave way for patient centric healthcare apps that would monitor patient data in real-time and transmit the information to healthcare professionals for analysis.About Coherent Market Insights:Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
BERLIN, March 30 The euro zone economy is picking up strength but the European Central Bank is still not yet convinced that the recent inflation rise will be durable, with prices moving towards its target in a sustained way, chief economist Peter Praet said on Thursday.
"The firming of the recovery has not yet translated into a durable strengthening of inflation dynamics. Headline inflation has increased, but for the most part this reflects rising energy and food price inflation," Peter Praet, Praet told a conference in Berlin.
"Underlying inflation pressures continue to remain subdued. We are not yet sufficiently confident that inflation will converge to levels consistent with our aim in a durable manner," he added. (Reporting by Andreas Framke)
April 14 United Airlines said on Friday it is changing its policy on booking its own flight crews onto its planes after a man was dragged off an overbooked flight to make way for a United employee on Sunday, video of which went viral and made the airline the target of global criticism and ridicule.
The airline, owned by United Continental Holdings Inc , said it would make sure crews traveling on their aircraft are booked into seats at least 60 minutes before departure, in an emailed statement.
It said the new policy would ensure that a situation in which a passenger is forcibly removed from a plane does not occur again. United said the change is an initial step as it reviews policies in order to "deliver the best customer experience."
The passenger ejected from the plane, David Dao, suffered a significant concussion, a broken nose and lost two front teeth in the incident, and he will need reconstructive surgery, according to his attorney, Thomas Demetrio, who has signaled that Dao will likely sue the airline.
United's board on Friday apologized to Dao and his family, and said it stands behind Chief Executive Oscar Munoz, who has been under fire in the wake of the incident. Munoz has said he has no plans to resign.
Even before this week, Munoz was under pressure from activist investors to improve the airline's performance, including its customer relations.
In an unrelated yet bizarre incident, a United passenger complained that a scorpion stung him during a flight from Texas, also on Sunday.
A physician on the ground assured the crew that "it was not a life-threatening matter," United spokeswoman Maddie King said in an email on Friday, adding that the airline is "reaching out to the customer to apologize and discuss the matter." (Reporting by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru; Editing by Bill Rigby)
April 28 Barclays Plc
* Barclays CEO Jes Staley says "I made a mistake" over treatment of whistleblower
* Barclays CEO Jes Staley says cooperating fully with regulatory investigation over treatment of whistleblower
* Barclays CEO Jes Staley says did not offer resignation to board over treatment of whistleblower
* Barclays CEO Jes Staley says continue to do well in credit, U.S. Rates did not trade as well as would've liked to
* Barclays CEO Jes Staley says tough comparison for investment bank given strength of Q1 performance last year
* Barclays CEO Jes Staley says can't make judgement on investment bank based on one quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anjuli Davies)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TAIPEI, April 20 Taiwan stocks were little changed on Thursday, as electronics and financials held steady. The main TAIEX index was flat at 9,638.76 points, as of 0353 GMT, after closing down 1.1 percent on Wednesday. The electronics subindex was up 0.1 percent, while the financial subindex added 0.3 percent. The Taiwan dollar softened T$0.005 to stand at T$30.423 to the U.S. dollar, with investors watching if the rate would touch the 30.50 intraday level. (Reporting by Jess Macy Yu; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
April 28 Goldman Sachs Group Inc's compensation plan was passed by 93 percent of shareholders at the bank's annual meeting on Friday, after it simplified the pay structure for CEO Lloyd Blankfein.
The vote was a turnaround from last year when Goldman's "say on pay" resolution received the support of 66 percent of shareholders. Support for executive pay among Russell 3000 companies averaged 91 percent last year, according to consulting firm Semler Brossy. (Reporting by Olivia Oran; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
MANILA A leader of a militant group who was directly involved in the kidnap and execution of Canadian and German nationals was among those killed by Philippine troops in a clash on a resort island this week, the military said on Wednesday.
Troops killed at least six members of the Islamic State-linked Abu Sayyaf during the firefight on the popular tourist island of Bohol on Tuesday, but suffered four casualties.
The military has recovered the body of Muamar Askali, also known as Abu Rami, a former spokesman for Abu Sayyaf, a group well known for extortion, piracy and kidnaps for ransom.
Armed Forces chief of Staff General Eduardo Ano described Abu Rami as "a very notorious Abu Sayyaf leader" responsible for several atrocities.
The group last year beheaded Canadians John Ridsdel and Robert Hall. Elderly German Jurgen Kantner suffered the same fate in February when a $600,000 (£480,468) ransom demand was not paid.
Ano said Abu Rami was "trying to make a name of his own" and had risen to become one of Abu Sayyaf's top leaders. He was involved in what the army said was a thwarted attempt to kidnap tourists in Bohol during Holy Week in the mainly Roman Catholic nation.
Ano said the situation in Bohol, far from Abu Sayyaf's island strongholds in the South, was now "back to normal" even as security forces chased down other fighters involved in the gun battle.
The clash happened after the United States, Canadian, Australian and British embassies warned citizens about kidnappings during the holiday and advised against travel to Central Visayas, which includes Cebu and Bohol.
The military has declared all-out war with Abu Sayyaf on the islands of Jolo and Basilan, but is hamstrung by its presence among large civilian communities.
Abu Sayyaf has its roots in separatism but its activities are mostly banditry and piracy and it has invested the profits of its business in modern weapons and fast boats.
The military has struggled to curb the piracy, with the group's boats difficult to detect when they target slow-moving trawlers. Indonesian, Malaysian and Vietnamese vessels are frequently targeted and their crew abducted, and the government has sought international help to patrol the Sulu Sea.
The government also says it has credible intelligence that some Abu Sayyaf leaders are in contact with Islamic State with a view to establishing a presence in the mainly Muslim southern Philippines.
President Rodrigo Duterte has warned of a potential Islamic State "contamination".
(Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Martin Petty)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Hugely popular nowadays is the Paleo diet. Surprisingly, this system of food preparation comes from the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age where humans then were using the most basic food available for their nutrition—totally free of processed foods and harmful ingredients.
Experts say the Paleo diet is the healthiest way one can eat because it is the only nutritional approach that works with genetics to help one stay lean, strong and energetic.
Researches in many disciplines like biology, biochemistry, ophthalmology and dermatology point out that modern diet—full of refined foods, trans fats and sugar—is the root of degenerative diseases such as obesity, cancer, diabetes, heart disease, Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, depression and infertility.
Improved blood lipids, weight loss, and reduced pain from autoimmunity are proofs that Paleo diet is effective when followed for a healthier lifestyle.
True, everyone could all benefit from eating healthier. But choosing a better diet doesn't mean deprivation of all the delicious food one loves to eat. Healthier alternatives are available and easy to prepare. In fact, personal food preparation is the better choice should one want to make sure of getting a balanced meal.
One does not have to be an expert in the kitchen to make healthy meals. There are tons of simple recipes easily followed and alter to control what and how much goes on the plate. Whether it's a lunch snack or a sweet treat for the kids, better food choices are surprisingly easy to make.
Maya, the company behind well-loved baking mixes and kitchen essentials, is encouraging everyone to go back to baking, especially if the goal is to shift to healthy eating. While most people would think of salads and lean meats when talking about diets, Maya offers delicious guilt-free desserts.
Chocolate lovers will enjoy the Sugar-Free Chocolate Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting, that uses isomalt sweetener made from beets.
The Eggless Belgian Chocolate Cake with Caramel Sauce is surprisingly delicious and tastes like the usual indulgent chocolate cake. Another is the Guilt-Free Mini Cheesecakes that can be topped with delicious fruits in season.
To learn more, check out the Maya Kitchen website www.themayakitchen.com.
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump held out the possibility on Sunday of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea and suggested Washington might deal with Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs on its own if need be.
The comments, in an interview published on Sunday by the Financial Times, appeared designed to pressure Chinese President Xi Jinping ahead of his visit to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida this week.
"China has great influence over North Korea. And China will either decide to help us with North Korea, or they won't. And if they do that will be very good for China, and if they don't it won't be good for anyone," Trump was quoted as saying, according to an edited transcript published by the newspaper.
Asked what incentive the United States had to offer China, Trump replied: "Trade is the incentive. It is all about trade."
Asked if he would consider a "grand bargain" in which China pressured Pyongyang in return for a guarantee the United States would later remove troops from the Korean peninsula, the newspaper quoted Trump as saying: "Well if China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you."
It is not clear whether Trump's comments will move China, which has taken steps to increase economic pressure on Pyongyang but has long been unwilling to do anything that may destabilize the North and send millions of refugees across their border.
It is also unclear what the United States might do on its own to deflect North Korea from the expansion of its nuclear capabilities and from the development of missiles with ever-longer ranges and the capacity to deliver atomic warheads.
NORTH KOREA REVIEW COMPLETED
Trump's national security aides have completed a review of U.S. options to try to curb North Korea's nuclear and missile programs that includes economic and military measures but leans more toward sanctions and increased pressure on Beijing to rein in its reclusive neighbour, a U.S. official said.
Although the option of pre-emptive military strikes on North Korea is not off the table, the review prioritises less-risky steps and "de-emphasizes direct military action," the official added, saying it was not immediately known if the National Security Council recommendations had made their way to Trump.
The White House declined comment on the recommendations.
Trump and Xi are also expected to discuss Chinese ambitions in the South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year, when they meet on Thursday and Friday. China claims most of the resource-rich South China Sea, while Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims on the strategic waterway.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke on Sunday with China's top diplomat, State Councillor Yang Jiechi, about Xi's visit "and other issues of bilateral and regional importance," a State Department official said on condition of anonymity.
China's foreign ministry said in a statement on Monday about the call that Yang had described the meeting between Xi and Trump as being of "great significance" for peace, stability and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region and the world at large.
Tillerson told Yang that the United States would do its utmost to ensure that the meeting had "positive results," the ministry said.
Trump's deputy national security adviser, K.T. McFarland, said there was a "real possibility" North Korea could be capable of hitting the United States with a nuclear-armed missile by the end of Trump's four-year term, the Financial Times reported.
McFarland's estimate appeared more pessimistic than those of many experts.
"The typical estimates are that it will take five years or so," said Siegfried Hecker, a former director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory in the United States and a leading expert on North Korea's nuclear program.
Such estimates are notoriously hard to make both because of the scarcity of intelligence about North Korea and uncertainty about how high a success rate Pyongyang might want for such missiles.
John Schilling, a contributor to the "38 North" North Korea monitoring project, said Pyongyang might have missiles capable of limited strikes on the U.S. mainland by the end of Trump's term, but "it will most likely be a bit later than that."
"I doubt that any missile they could put into service by the end of 2020 will be very reliable, but perhaps it doesn't have to be - one or two successes out of six launches against the U.S. would be a political game-changer to say the least," Schilling said.
(Additional reporting by Timothy Ahmann, David Brunnstrom and John Walcott in D.C. and Josephine Mason and Judy Hua in BEIJING; Writing by Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Sandra Maler, Peter Cooney and Paul Tait)
April 13 JPMorgan Chase & Co
* JPMorgan Chase reports first-quarter 2017 net income of $6.4 billion, or $1.65 per share
* Q1 ROTCE 13 percent versus 14 percent in Q4
* Q1 average core loans up 9 percent
* Qtrly tangible book value per share of $52.04, up 6%
* Qtrly net revenue was $25.6 billion, up 6%.
* Qtrly provision for credit losses was $1.3 billion, down from $1.8 billion
* Q1 consumer & business banking average deposits $623 billion, up 11%
* Q1 adjusted expense of $14.8 billion versus $13.6 billion in Q4
* Quarter-end Basel III common equity tier 1 ratio 12.4 percent versus 12.2 percent in Q4
* Q1 adjusted overhead ratio 58 percent versus 56 percent in Q4
* Qtrly mortgage banking net revenue was $1.5 billion, down 18%
* JPMorgan's Dimon says "U.S. consumers and businesses are healthy overall"
* First-quarter results included a tax benefit of $373 million
* JPMorgan's Dimon - "with pro-growth initiatives and improving collaboration between government and business, the U.S. economy can continue to improve"
* At Q1-end, assets under management were $1.8 trillion, up 10%
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.52, revenue view $24.88 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text (bit.ly/2nHTfHJ) Further company coverage:
Nepal and Saint Kitts and Nevis established formal diplomatic relations today. Ambassador Durga Prasad Bhattarai, Permanent Representative of Nepal to the United Nations, and Ambassador Sam Terence Condor, Permanent Representative of Saint Kitts and Nevis to the United Nations signed an instrument to this effect at a brief ceremony in New York this afternoon.
On the occasion, the two Ambassadors underscored the importance of continuing cooperation at multilateral levels as well as opening avenues for bilateral cooperation in areas of common interest, such as climate change and natural disasters as well as tourism cooperation. They also resolved to continue working together at the United Nations in pursuit of peace, development and common prosperity ahead.
According to press release issued by Permanent Mission of Nepal to the UN, New York, the two Ambassadors also jointly informed António Guterres, Secretary-General of the United Nations, about the establishment of Nepal-Saint Kitts and Nevis bilateral relations today.
Saint Kitts and Nevis, officially the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis, is an island country in the West Indies. It is a twin-island federation whose economy is characterized by its dominant tourism, agriculture and light manufacturing industries. Per capita Income of Saint Kitts and Nevis is around $17000.
Saint Kitts and Nevis joined the United Nations on 23 September 1983 following its independence from the United Kingdom on 19 September 1983. It is a member of the Commonwealth, with Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. Before independence, Saint Kitts was home to the first British and French colonies in the Caribbean, and thus known as "The Mother Colony of the West Indies"
Both Nepal and Saint Kitts and Nevis are members of the Non-Aligned Movement and the Group of 77. Saint Kitts and Nevis is a member of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM).
The number of countries with which Nepal has established diplomatic relations has now reached 159.
By Christina Martin May 3 Singapore shares extended gains into a second session on Wednesday, helped by financials, while most other Southeast Asian markets finished lower as investors were cautious ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy decision. The Fed, which concludes its two-day meeting later in the day, is expected to hold interest rates steady, but may hint that it is on track for a hike in June. "The Fed meeting... is widely watched by most market participants on what the decision is going to be on the rate hike, well not necessarily the rate hike but the rate decision, as well as what they're going to do with their balance sheet," said Taye Shim, head of research at Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 percent, while expectations that the Federal Reserve might signal a June rate hike helped lift the dollar. Shares in Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, fell 0.5 percent to their lowest close since April 20, with losses being broad-based. "For Indonesia, I don't think that first-quarter GDP, which is expected to be out Friday, is going to top market expectations," said Shim. Bank Indonesia said economic growth in the first quarter was likely slower than its initial expectation, pointing to declining retail sales. Philippine shares fell 0.3 percent with financials and telecoms leading the decline. GT Capital Holdings Inc dipped 2.6 percent, while Globe Telecom Inc dropped 2.3 percent. Asian equities saw inflows of about $3 billion in the week ended April 28, after two weeks of outflows, with Korea and Thailand receiving the highest, followed by Malaysia which got $332.6 million, MIDF Research said in a note. "Foreign buying on Bursa has now stretched for 12 consecutive weeks, the longest since the 24-week buying streak which ended in May 2013, the month of the last General Election," said MIDF Research. Malaysian shares closed 0.3 percent lower, dragged down by financial, consumer and material stocks. In Singapore, financials outperformed other sectors. Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd rose 2 percent and United Overseas Bank Ltd added 1.9 percent. Vietnam climbed 0.3 percent, posting their highest close since April 13, boosted by financials, while Thailand closed flat. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: Change on day Market Current Previous Close Pct Move Singapore 3237.81 3211.11 0.83 Bangkok 1564.12 1564.12 0.00 Manila 7682.26 7703.1 -0.27 Jakarta 5647.368 5675.808 -0.50 Kuala Lumpur 1772.51 1778.47 -0.34 Ho Chi Minh 719.54 717.73 0.25 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3237.81 2880.76 12.39 Bangkok 1564.12 1542.94 1.37 Manila 7682.26 6840.64 12.30 Jakarta 5647.368 5296.711 6.62 Kuala Lumpur 1772.51 1641.73 7.97 Ho Chi Minh 719.54 664.87 8.22 (Reporting by Christina Martin; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) — Authorities in Guatemala have raised by more than 130 the number of people officially missing from last month's deadly eruption of the Volcano of Fire.
The country's disaster agency says in a statement that the new figure is 332, up from 197 previously.
It said Wednesday that the revision followed a review of nearly 200,000 records and verifying lists of people living in shelters.
The Volcano of Fire is one of the region's most active, located to the southwest of Guatemala City.
Advertisement
Authorities have confirmed at least 113 deaths from the June 3 eruption, which sent superheated flows raging through small villages. Eighty-five of those bodies have been identified.
KIEV (Reuters) - Several thousand people marched through central Kiev on Sunday to protest against the detention of Ukrainian opposition figure Mikheil Saakashvili and call for the impeachment of President Petro Poroshenko.
Supporters of former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili gather near a temporary detention facility where Saakashvili is being held in custody in Kiev, Ukraine December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
Saakashvili, president of his native Georgia for nine years until 2013, moved to Ukraine after a popular uprising there and served under Poroshenko as a regional governor from 2015-2016, before falling out with the Ukrainian leader.
He was detained in Kiev on Friday, following a dramatic standoff earlier in the week where he clambered on a roof to avoid law enforcement and was freed from a police van by his supporters.
He accuses the Ukrainian authorities of widespread corruption. Prosecutors accuse him of assisting a criminal organisation, charges he says were trumped up to undermine his political campaign against Poroshenko.
A large number of police in riot gear guarded Sunday's rally, which was peaceful in contrast with protests last week that resulted in clashes between Saakashvili's supporters and law enforcement.
“A lot of people are looking for the changes. It is more difficult when Mikheil is not with us,” his wife, Sandra Roelofs, said in a speech at the rally.
Police officers block supporters of former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili near a temporary detention facility where Saakashvili is being held in custody in Kiev, Ukraine December 10 , 2017. The placard reads: "Freedom to Saakashvili" REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
“We remember his words: ‘When they catch me, you continue despite anything, because Ukraine wants changes, Ukraine has to become a better country',” she said.
Protesters shouted ‘Shame' and ‘Impeachment' as they marched to Maidan square, the scene of the 2013-14 pro-European protests that ousted a Moscow-backed president and installed a new leadership that promised to eliminate entrenched corruption.
A few snowballs were thrown at the windows of a branch of Roshen, the confectionary business owned by Poroshenko, who was a wealthy chocolatier before he went into politics.
Saakashvili has launched a hunger strike to protest against his detention, which will last until a court rules on whether to release him under house arrest.
The saga has attracted international attention to Ukraine at a time when the authorities face a chorus of criticism from reformers and foreign donors over perceived backtracking on reforms and attacks on anti-corruption institutions.
While Saakashvili has a core base of supporters, he enjoys limited support across Ukraine. Only 1.7 percent of voters would support his party, the Movement of New Forces, in elections, according to an October survey by the Kiev-based Razumkov Centre think-tank.
Set Default Regional Edition
Select your default regional edition of MiningWeekly.com
Africa
Americas
Australasia
Europe
Note: When you select a default region you will be directed to the MiningWeekly.com home page of your choice whenever you visit miningweekly.com. This setting is controlled by cookies and should your cookies be re-set you will then be directed to the regional edition associated with the geographic location of our IP address. Should your cookies be reset then you may again use the drop-down menu to select a default region.
BEIRUT, April 13 The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State on Thursday denied a Syrian army report it had carried out an air strike that had hit poison gas supplies belonging to IS and caused the deaths of hundreds of people.
"The Coalition conducted no strikes in that area at that time. The Syrian claim is incorrect and likely intentional misinformation," U.S. Air Force Colonel John Dorrian, a colaition spokesman, told Reuters by email. (Reporting by John Davison; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Mr. William H. “Bill” Doares, 84, died Friday morning, Oct. 6, 2017 at his residence. He was born Oct. 1, l933 in Rowland, Robeson County, a son of the late James Robert and Katie Humphrey Doares.
He was preceded in death by his siblings, Joe Doares, James Anna Watson, Robert F. Doares and Martha Kate Evans.
Mr. Doares was a member of the Chestnut Street United Methodist Church and a member of the Wesley Friendship Sunday school class. He served in various capacities of the church during his lifetime and had served as cubmaster of Boy Scout Troop 315. Mr. Doares was awarded the Man of the Year from the United Methodist Men.
He was a retired employee of Bell South Telephone and Telegraph Company.
He served in the Infantry during the Korean Conflict and was a former Battery Commander of the Lumberton National Guard, a former Commander of the Guard Unit of Laurinburg and Executive Officer for the Fayetteville Battalion.
A funeral service will be conducted at 2 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 8 in the Chestnut Street United Methodist Church with the Rev. Hurbert Lowry, Jr. officiating. The family will receive friends from l to l:45 p.m. in the Asbury Fellowship hall. Interment will be in Meadowbrook Cemetery with full military honors to be rendered. Boles-Biggs Funeral Home is handling the arrangements.
Surviving are his wife, Phiena Nance Doares, of the home; one son, William Humphrey Doares III, and his wife, Corinne, of Advance; one daughter, Mary Kate Doares Bedell, and husband, Robert J. “Bob” of Pittsboro; and three grandchildren, Dylan Grace Bedell, Griffin Stuart Bedell and Larsen Louis Doares.
Memorials may be directed to the ACT Fund, c/o Chestnut Street UMC, P.O. Box 1464, Lumberton, N.C. 28359 and flowers are accepted as well.
March 31 Q Capital Partners Co Ltd :
* Says all of its 20th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on March 31
* Says it has raised 7.5 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/v0faY0
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PLUS: Stage mom irks production staff
Director Neal “Buboy” Tan admits he did a “guerilla style” of filmmaking when he shot the movie “Balatkayo” in Singapore and Dubai.
Advertisements
They had no permit to shoot so there was always the danger of getting accosted by the police. Happily no such incident happened.
“We just pretended to be tourists who are just sight-seeing but in truth we were shooting a film,” Direk Buboy said in a recent interview. “We did what we can, given the situation. Buti na lang hindi kami nasita ng pulis kahit we were filming in public places.”
But the movie, with a script written by box-office director/writer Jason Paul Laxamana, is not a travelogue.
“We have a very good script about the plight of OFWs whose lives are affected because they are away from their families. In the movie, Aiko Melendez and Polo Ravales play a couple whose lives were disturbed after their son [played by James Robert]gets involved in a sex video scandal which goes viral,” he expounded.
Direk Buboy praised his stars, especially Aiko whom he is working with for the first time. “It is a different Aiko that you will see in the movie. Ang husay-husay niya,” he said.
“Balatkayo” also stars Nathalie Hart and Rico Barrera. It opens in theaters on October 11.
* * *
GUESS WHO? The mother of a young actress reportedly loves throwing her weight around making things a little difficult to the consternation of the production staff.
In the shoot of a new movie that her daughter is doing, the mother complained why her daughter was asked to report early when the big scene was to be shot later in the afternoon.
The staff explained to the mother that her daughter had to rehearse for the big scene which was a dance number. While her daughter dances very well, she had to do the number with se­veral other dan­cers. Naturally, the rehearsal was required to perfect the routines so there won't be any problem when the cameras started to grind.
Upon hearing this, the mother shut her mouth. The daughter expressed the same complaint when she arrived – why ask her to come early for a scene to be shot later in the day. The staff had to explain all over again that she needed to rehearse to perfect the steps together with the rest of the dancers. Or else, the scene would turn out as comedic if and when the cameras catch that the scene was done on the spot without rehearsals.
The young actress had no choice but to rehearse, or get scolded by the director if the dance number does not come out well.
* * *
Ai-Ai delas Alas has worked for the first time with award-winning director Joel Lamangan in CineKo Productions' comedy movie “Bes and the Beshies” which will hit cinemas on October 18.
The comedy queen said she had a hard time working with Direk Joel who is known to demand only the best from his actors, but it was an experience that Ai-Ai would forever cherish.
“Direk Joel is a perfectionist. There were some scenes that we needed to rehearse several times to get it right. He'd ask for a retake until we get the comic timing that he wants. Alam ko ang timing ko sa comedy pero dahil marami kaming eksena, minsan ang tingin ni Direk Joel, kulang sa timing kaya di masyadong effective ang comedy so we had to do it again” said Ai-Ai at the movie's recent mediacon.
Playing the other leads in the movie are Zsa Zsa Padilla, Carmi Martin and Beauty Gonzales.
According to Ai-Ai, she was able to play her role as a mother who would do everything for her family. Like her character, Ai-Ai went through a lot of challenges and hardships in showbiz before hitting the big time. That's why she said her role in Bes and the Beshies is very true-to-life, dealing with relationship issues.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, March 28 South Korean shares ended up on Tuesday on hopes companies will report upbeat March-quarter earnings, with the focus squarely on tech giant Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.'s report early next month.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.4 percent at 2,163.31 points.
Foreign investors were net buyers to the tune of a small 10.3 billion won ($9.26 million) worth of KOSPI shares.
The South Korean won was quoted at 1,113.0 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, almost flat from Monday's close of 1,112.8. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Temona Inc :
* Says it plans to issue new shares via private placement and will raise totaling 101.6 million yen, with subscription date on May 9 and payment date on May 10
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/GRBPtO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Reuters) - More than half of trial patients with an advanced, aggressive form of blood cancer lived for at least a year after one-time treatment with Yescarta, a novel therapy sold by Gilead Sciences Inc, according to study results presented on Sunday.
The logo of Gilead Sciences Inc is pictured during a news conference in New Delhi September 15, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee
Yescarta, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in October for aggressive large B-cell lymphoma that did not respond to other treatments, is part of a new class known as chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies, or CAR-Ts, designed to reprogram the body's own immune cells to recognize and attack malignant cells.
Follow-up on 108 patients treated with Yescarta showed that 42 percent remained in remission after a median of 15 months, and 56 percent were still alive, according to research presented in Orlando at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology.
“This is an extremely valuable therapy for some patients who have no other options,” said Dr Frederick Locke, vice chair of the department of blood and marrow transplant and cellular immunotherapy at Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida and the trial's co-lead investigator.
He said patients who achieve remission after receiving Yescarta tend to stay in remission, but more work needs to be done to determine why some do not respond to the cell therapy.
After analyzing tumor tissue from before and after treatment in patients who relapsed, the researchers found that in a third of patients the CD19 protein targeted by Yescarta was no longer present on cancer cells. Also, more than two-thirds of tumors showed evidence of another protein, PDL1, likely helping the cancer cells survive.
Gilead is also studying Yescarta in combination with a PDL1 antibody, Roche Holding AG's Tecentriq, and results from an early-stage trial of that combination will be announced at ASH on Monday.
Gilead acquired Yescarta, which has a U.S. list price of $373,000, with its buyout earlier this year of Kite Pharmaceuticals.
Outside view of the plant of gold refiner and bar manufacturer Argor-Heraeus SA in the southern Swiss town of Mendrisio, March 1, 2012. REUTERS/Pascal Lauener
HAMBURG German precious metals group Heraeus [HRHLD.UL] said on Monday it had taken full control of Swiss gold and silver processor Argor-Heraeus.
The German group has raised its shareholding in Argor-Heraeus to 100 percent from about 33 percent previously.
No financial details are being released about the deal, which still requires approval from relevant authorities.
The sellers were Germany's Commerzbank (CBKG.DE), Austrian state mint Muenze Oesterreich and Argor-Heraeus management, Heraeus said.
Argor-Heraeus has around 300 employees with operations in Switzerland, Germany, Italy and South America.
It is involved in refining gold ore, recycling of precious metals and industrial processing of bars, coins, alloys and semi-finished products.
"With the full takeover of the shareholdings, Heraeus is now in the position to fully profit from Argors competence and capacity for gold and silver," Heraeus CEO Jan Rinnert said in a statement.
(Reporting by Michael Hogan; editing by Jason Neely)
FILE PHOTO - Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, reacts after a visit to a market in Concarneau, France, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe/File Photo
Supporters of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, hold French flags and posters during a political rally in Perpignan, France, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Supporters of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, holds posters during a political rally in Perpignan, France, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
FILE PHOTO - Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and Member of the European Parliament, takes part in a voting session at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler/File Photo
BRUSSELS European Union lawmakers could summon French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen to discuss the lifting of her immunity over the alleged misuse of European Union money, before the second round of the French election, an influential legislator said on Saturday.
French judges have asked the European parliament to lift the immunity of the National Front leader, who is a member of the EU legislature, to permit further investigations over alleged misuse of funds to pay for party assistants.
"The legal affairs committee has agreed that Le Pen will be summoned for a hearing on the first possible date in May," Laura Ferrara, the deputy chair of the committee, told Reuters.
She said the hearing could take place in the first week of May, before the May 7 runoff in the French election, which polls show Le Pen is likely to reach.
Le Pen has denounced legal proceedings against her as political interference.
Opinion polls have put Le Pen in first or second place in the first round of voting on April 23, although her three main rivals are now close enough for any two of the four to go through to the runoff.
Polls show Le Pen is not likely to win the runoff.
Ferrara, who is a member of the Italian eurosceptic 5-Star Movement, said that Le Pen may decide not to appear before the parliamentary committee.
The European parliament has already sanctioned Le Pen for misusing EU funds. Since February her monthly salary as EU lawmaker has been cut by half to around 3,000 euros and other allowances have been withdrawn. The French investigation is aimed at establishing whether other sanctions are warranted.
The EU legislature lifted Le Pen's immunity in March to allow a separate French investigation over her posting of pictures of Islamic State violence on social media, an offence that in France can carry a penalty of three years in prison and a fine of 75,000 euros ($79,567).
Before deciding to lift the immunity of a lawmaker, the EU parliament's legal affairs committee usually arranges a hearing with the accused legislator. The actual decision follows a few months later.
In the majority of cases, the immunity has been lifted.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Pound coins are seen in front of a displayed U.S. 100 dollar banknote in this picture illustration taken January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
Four thousand U.S. dollars are counted out by a banker counting currency at a bank in Westminster, Colorado November 3, 2009. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
NEW YORK The dollar rose to its highest in more than a week against a basket of currencies on Wednesday on outlooks for U.S. and European interest rates and as investors saw the selloff that followed U.S. President Donald Trump's healthcare setback as overdone.
Reuters reported European Central Bank policymakers were wary of changing their policy message after tweaks this month upset investors and raised chances of a surge in borrowing costs.
The euro fell to $1.0741 following the report, its lowest since March 21. That boosted the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six rival currencies, to 100.130, its highest since March 21.
The dollar also got a boost from Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who said he was in line with most of his colleagues in supporting further rate hikes this year. Evans is known as one of the Fed's most consistent supporters of low interest rates.
On Friday the dollar had fallen to its lowest in four months after the U.S. House of Representatives pulled a bill to rewrite the American healthcare system backed by President Donald Trump. Investors saw it as an indication Trump was likely to have difficulty with other parts of his agenda including tax reform and fiscal spending that are likely to increase U.S. inflation.
Those fears may have been overdone, analysts said, and with Fed officials still lining up to support further interest rate hikes, the dollar is on a solid footing.
"The selloff in the dollar that we saw in reaction to the news Friday was probably a bit of an overreaction," said Shaun Osborne, currency strategist at Scotia Capital in Toronto. "The underlying faith in the reflation trade is coming back a little bit today."
Osborne also pointed to technical factors in the dollar/euro trade as the euro has approached the $1.09 mark.
"It really boils down to the fact that the euro rallied, it turned around and it's pretty expensive to be short dollars at this point," he said.
The United States has higher interest rates than the euro zone, which means traders lose money by holding positions that are long euro and short dollar. The Fed recently raised its overnight interest rate to a range of 0.75 to 1.00 percent while the ECB holds negative rates on some deposits.
Adding to pressure on European currencies, Britain invoked Article 50 on Wednesday, officially beginning its exit from the European Union.
Sterling was down 0.25 percent at $1.2416.
(Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Andrew Hay and Chizu Nomiyama)
April 20 Tosho Co Ltd:
* Says it will open two holiday sports clubs In Fukuoka prefecture and Yamaguchi prefecture, respectively, in September and October 2018
* Says its subsidiary to open two new hotels in Yamaguchi prefecture and Aichi prefecture, respectively, in September and November 2018
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/oUM8GN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
RIYADH May 2 The governor of Saudi Arabia's central bank said on Tuesday that the kingdom would stick to the currency peg linking the Saudi riyal to the U.S. dollar.
"The peg exchange rate has served us very well and it continues to serve us, so we will stick to it," Ahmed al-Kholifey told an investment conference.
He also said the central bank was comfortable with Saudi Arabia's level of banking services and their sophistication, but that it was not content with the amount of credit being provided by banks to small and medium-sized enterprises, which was about 2 percent of the total.
In an effort to boost the kingdom's savings rate, the central bank is working with the Ministry of Education to instill a savings culture in younger Saudis, and working with the Ministry of Finance to develop sukuk that could be used by individual savers, Kholifey added. (Reporting by Riyadh Reuters team; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
U.S. President Donald Trump (L) and China's President Xi Jinping walk along the front patio of the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON A senior Trump administration official said on Wednesday that the positive bond developed between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping last week in Florida helped lead to China's abstention from a U.N. Security Council vote on Syria.
The official, who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity, would not say whether Trump personally asked Xi that China not veto the resolution.
The official said Xi's decision not to veto the resolution spoke to China's determination not to obstruct the U.N.'s ability to sanction Syria for a chemical weapons attack last week.
(Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 29 First Bancshares Inc-
* First Home Bank and Stockmens Bank to merge
* First Home Bank of Mountain Grove - Alexander will become chairman of FBSI
* First Home Bank of Mountain Grove- R. Bradley weaver to continue to be chairman, ceo of first Home Bank,Robert Alexander to remain chairman, CEO of Stockmens Bank Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The logo of France-based food retailer Carrefour is seen on the roof of Tbilisi Mall in Tbilisi, Georgia, April 22, 2016. REUTERS/David Mdzinarishvili/File Photo
PARIS French supermarket retailer Carrefour (CARR.PA) reported higher first-quarter revenue, slightly above the consensus market forecast, and maintained its full-year sales growth outlook.
Carrefour, the world's second-biggest retailer after Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), said first-quarter sales had risen 6.2 percent at current exchange rates to 21.3 billion euros (£18.1 billion), boosted by a strong performance in Brazil.
The consensus sales forecast, according to a poll for Reuters compiled by Inquiry Financial, stood at 21.2 billion euros.
Carrefour said it was sticking to its target for full-year 2017 sales growth of between 3 and 5 percent, at constant exchange rates.
Carrefour said its Brazilian business, for which the company is considering a stock market flotation this year along with its Carmila property business, had been boosted by progress at the Atacadao stores chain.
Turnover in Brazil rose 37.6 percent, but Carrefour's main French business has been consistently weaker, where first-quarter turnover edged up 0.8 percent.
Carrefour said its French market environment remained "very competitive", as has been the case in Britain where Sainsbury (SBRY.L) and Tesco (TSCO.L) have also been grappling with tough domestic market conditions.
Carrefour is also seeking a successor to Chairman and Chief Executive Georges Plassat, whose tenure is due to end in May 2018.
Carrefour shares closed at 21.26 euros on Wednesday, down around 7 percent so far in 2017 and underperforming both a 5 percent gain in France's benchmark CAC-40 index .FCHI and a fall of around 1 percent in the STOXX Europe 600 Retail .SXRP index.
(Editing by Vyas Mohan and David Holmes)
BUDAPEST, April 12 Hungarian agricultural producer prices fell by an annual 2 percent in February following a revised 3.2 percent decline in January, the Central Statistics Office (KSH) said on Wednesday.
Vegetable, fruit and cereals prices declined by 7.3 percent from the previous year in February, while livestock and related product prices were 8.2 percent higher.
In the first two months, agricultural producer prices were down 2.7 percent year-on-year. (Reporting by Gergely Szakacs)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
clogged drain line
Contact
FFDietzIII
***@performanceac.com FFDietzIII
End
-- Ceiling leaking, air conditioner freezing up, air conditioner running hot, mold? There is an excellent chance that you have a clogged drain line. Your air conditioning drain line is an essential component of your air conditioning system. Your drain line carries moisture away from your air conditioning unit; it helps remove the surplus water that drips off your air conditioner's inside unit.Bacterial growth, algae and slime are usually the result of dirt, dust, debris, pet hair and other fibers that collect in the drain pan. Unfortunately, these clogs can be avoided by regularly scheduled maintenance and proper filtration (read use quality filters and change them every 30 days.)Warning signs that you are heading towards a clogged drain line are; extra water in the drain pan, your air conditioning unit is freezing up and your unit is overheating and keeps shutting off. Understand that Florida code requires that the drain line to be ¾ of an inch in diameter, but over time that dimension shrinks. (See image of a 5-year-old drain line)Clogged drain lines need to be cleaned as soon as possible. If you wait too long the drain line will close completely; then the best you can hope is that you're A/C unit shuts off. The worst, your attic or utility room floods causing damage to your home.There are some simple things you can do to mitigate this problem;• Sign up for regularly scheduled maintenance• Get the proper filters and change them every month• Have a water overflow inhibitor installedFor the DIY types, stay away from bleach or sodium hypochlorite solutions. Caustic solutions are added to bleach to help stabilize the chlorine. Over time the bleach and caustic solutions are dissolving the PVC glue. The bleach and caustic solutions may dissolve the silica in the PVC glue, resulting in leaks.
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
James Baldwin is voiced by Samuel L Jackson in Raoul Peck's Oscar nominated I Am Not Your Negro Photo: Anne-Katrin Titze
Kleber Mendonça Filho's Aquarius, starring Sônia Braga; Adrian Titieni and Maria-Victoria Dragus in Cristian Mungiu's Graduation (Bacalaureat); A Quiet Passion, directed by Terence Davies with Cynthia Nixon as Emily Dickinson, and Raoul Peck's extraordinary documentary, I Am Not Your Negro, based on James Baldwin's 30 pages of notes for a book project titled Remember This House, which takes us on an American journey with the writings of Baldwin, are four highlights of this year's Glasgow Film Festival.
Graduation (Bacalaureat)
Graduation
Who throws the first stone in Cristian Mungiu's latest Romanian tale is a mystery - the first of many. Romeo (Adrian Titieni), a doctor in the hospital of a provincial town wishes nothing more urgently than for his daughter Eliza (Maria-Victoria Dragus) to be awarded a scholarship to Cambridge and leave for "civilized" England. All Eliza has to do, is pass the graduation exams with her usual, excellent grades. One morning during the all-important week, Dad is in a hurry and lets his daughter - whom he drives to school every day - out of the car near a construction site instead of right in front of the entrance. That day, Eliza is assaulted. We are placed in the position of a nosy neighbor who picks up on clues and speculates. The assault, the girl's trauma, the all-important, future-deciding exams starting the next day, and the strained family dynamics are effectively folded into a larger political context of corruption and bribery. Mungiu is such a master of vivisecting human interrelations, that we might almost overlook how he sets the tone.
Public screenings: February 23 at 3:20pm and February 24 at 10:45am - Glasgow Film Theatre.
I Am Not Your Negro
I Am Not Your Negro
James Baldwin writes his literary agent in June of 1979 that he wants to tell the story of America through the assassinations of Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. Samuel L Jackson's voice is our guide: "History is not the past, it is the present. We carry our history with us. We are our history. If we pretend otherwise we literally are criminals." The writer's clarity cuts through the confused, entangled narrative of race in America. Peck's choice of images, film clips, interviews adds to the important messages. Baldwin wrote: "The summer has scarcely begun and I feel already that it's almost over. I am about to undertake the journey and this is a journey to tell you the truth which I always knew that I would have to make. I am saying that a journey is called that because you cannot know what you will discover on the journey. What you will do with what you find or what you find will do to you." At a Cambridge University debate in 1965, James Baldwin gives his personal account of the impact films had on him as a young man. "It comes as a great shock around the age of five or six or seven to discover that Gary Cooper killing off the Indians - when you were rooting for Gary Cooper- that the Indians were you. It comes as a great shock to discover the country which is your birthplace and to which you owe your life and your identity has not in its whole system of reality evolved any place for you."
Public screening: February 22 at 6:00pm - Glasgow Film Theatre.
Aquarius
Aquarius
Objects contain links to a past that would otherwise be forgotten. Aquarius, on one level, deals with how we remember in a world going through drastic changes. Digital messages in a bottle are a different beast from a tactile unearthing. Social dynamics, a city in flux, a world growing old and another emerging - the film's neighboring thoughts cast a broad net of questions. An apartment building by the sea in Recife and Clara (Sônia Braga), a woman living in the building, reveal history trapped in both. Divided into three parts, Aquarius begins with a get-together in 1980. As we move into the present, Clara, a music critic, is the last remaining inhabitant. Developers want to get rid of her after they bought out all the others by using a variety of measures in an attempt to make her leave the "ghost building". Aquarius, which had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival, is a widescreen experience that captures things essential to living. Deliberately casual cruelties served with a snake-charmer smile are intended to wear down rightful resistance.
Public screenings: February 25 at 5:45pm and February 26 at 10:45am - Glasgow Film Theatre.
A Quiet Passion
A Quiet Passion
Terence Davies looks at questions of the soul, family, war, creativity and how to be true to yourself. We first encounter young Emily (Emma Bell) at Episcopalian boarding school where she realizes that easy salvation isn't hers to even wish for. Her loving family, sans the perennially under-the-weather mother (Joanna Bacon) come to take her home to Amherst, Massachusetts to everybody's delight. Time passes and Davies, in a trick so simple and playful and far-reaching, ages the portraits the family members have taken of themselves. Cynthia Nixon is a wonderful, knowing, doubting, twinkling Emily Dickinson. Jennifer Ehle as Vinnie, her sister, is a perfect match in loving banter and bitter argument. Brother Austin (Duncan Duff), when he marries Susan Gilbert (Jodhi May) gives them another sister. The female bonding comes across as effortless and their wit has lightning speed. "Let's not be anything today except superficial," is a suggestion that doesn't go very far with Emily Dickinson, as much as she tries in A Quiet Passion.
Public screening: February 23 at 6:00pm - Glasgow Film Theatre - Expected to attend: Terence Davies.
The Glasgow Film Festival runs from February 15 through February 26.
March 30 (Reuters) -
* Filament - received $15 million in new venture financing, bringing its total funding to $21.8 million
* Filament - new round was led by verizon ventures and bullpen capital
* Filament - proceeds from round will be used to scale hardware manufacturing
* Filament- director Patrick Walsh, who led investment for Intel Capital, is joining Filament's board of directors with the transaction
* Filament-New investors include Intel Capital, Jetblue Technology Ventures, CME Ventures, Flex Technology Accelerator Program Lab Ix, Backstage Capital Source text for Eikon:
MELBOURNE, April 6 Australian miner South32 Ltd on Thursday said its Cannington silver and lead mine in the country's northeast had been hit by a fire, forcing it to cut output forecasts.
"South32 advises that mining extraction at Cannington has been temporarily impacted by an underground fire that damaged the load-out and shaft haulage infrastructure," the company said in a statement to the Australian Securities Exchange.
"Remediation work will be undertaken over a four-week period and extraction of the higher grade (silver and lead) ... will be delayed."
As a result, South32 has reduced production forecasts for this year, cutting lead by 28,000 tonnes to 135,000 tonnes, zinc by 10,000 tonnes to 70,000 tonnes and silver by 2.55 million ounces to 16.5 million ounces.
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Female North Korean soldiers march during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of the country's founding father Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) are driven past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Statues of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung and late leader Kim Jong Il are covered after a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A North Korean navy truck carries the 'Pukkuksong' submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean special forces soldiers march and shout slogans during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung in Pyongyang, North Korea April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People react as they march past foreign journalists and the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of the country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women wearing traditional clothes react as they march past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father, Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People react as they pass in front of the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People carry flags in front of statues of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung (L) and late leader Kim Jong Il during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A soldier salutes from atop an armoured vehicle as it drives past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
SEOUL Covering a North Korean military parade is an emotional rollercoaster. Foreign journalists stand just metres from the action in Pyongyang's Kim Il Sung Square.
It is a visual and sensory barrage. Your eyes are assaulted by the technicolour pallet of socialist-realist propaganda. The ground at your feet shakes as tanks rumble past, leaving a diesel aftertaste in your mouth.
That heavy equipment, and the brigades of tightly coordinated goose-stepping soldiers that come before them, are an impressive sight.
But the thousands of North Koreans cheering and crying for hours for leader Kim Jong-un, who watches from a balcony 30 metres behind us, can also be overwhelming. You can see the tiredness in their faces.
The parades offer weapons analysts and U.N. investigators a rare chance to gain new insight into secretive North Korea's military capabilities. Every nut and bolt in every photo and video is closely scrutinised.
North Korea likely knows this, and sometimes reveals new and untested equipment. It did so on Saturday, displaying what appeared to be two new kinds of intercontinental ballistic missile in its military arsenal.
The second area of interest to North Korea watchers is the balcony where Kim and his aides stand. To whom is Kim talking, with whom does he shake hands first? Is his elusive sister, Kim Yo Jong, up there with him?
She often is, and was on Saturday, lurking somewhere behind a pillar or bright red flag, her mischievous smile a surreal antidote to the militaristic pomp and ceremony of the event below.
On TV, these parades appear as a tightly choreographed and slick affair. But on the ground, it is the little details which slip through that facade that are most interesting.
That perfectly synchronised goose-stepping is aided by thousands of painted white dots placed a metre apart on the ground, guiding boots to the right spot. And behind Kim's balcony is a large traffic light and countdown clock which gives each platoon the signal to begin marching.
One of the most visually spectacular aspects of the parade is the large human screen behind the centre of the action. There, hundreds of thousands of North Koreans hold up coloured placards which, viewed from a distance, spell out huge propaganda slogans.
But easily lost in that mass scale are the individual faces of those human pixels who, dressed in their finest clothes, stand holding plastic flowers in the sun for hours.
Divided into work units, people prepare for months for such events, often having no choice but to forgo time at weekends and after work to practise.
This is in addition to the economic double life most North Koreans lead, whereby meagre income from official jobs is supplemented on a thriving network of semi-legal markets.
As they walk past Kim Jong-un's balcony, some people are overcome with emotion and cry. Others look gaunt and exhausted.
When the parade is over, the square hums with activity as the different groups all go their separate ways. The pink petals from their plastic flowers leave a trail behind them.
(Reporting by James Pearson; Editing by Nick Macfie)
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to his U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
By John Woodrow Cox, Kelsey Snell, Amber Phillips, Mike Debonis
The Republican lawmakers and their aides had nearly finished batting practice at an Alexandria park when they heard a single crack through the sticky early-morning air. For a moment, the field went quiet as they wondered what the noise was.
"He's got a gun!" someone shouted.
Then came an explosion of gunfire, and there, behind a chain-link fence near third base, was a man with a rifle.
Advertisement
One round hit Congressman Steve Scalise, the majority whip from Louisiana, in the hip, dropping him to ground. He screamed, then dragged himself to the grass outfield as a trail of blood streaked the dirt.
"Hit the ground!" somebody else yelled.
Representative Mo Brooks did just that before he got up and dove into the first-base dugout, where about a dozen people had taken cover. Inside, he found Zach Barth, a legislative aide who, after being struck in the leg, had hobbled all the way across the field. Brooks took off his belt and cinched a tourniquet around Barth's calf.
The 10-year-old son of Congressman Joe Barton, who coaches the Republican congressional baseball team, hid under an 4WD. Some of the 20 or so people at the field sprinted into the nearby dog park as others leaped a fence and fled. All around, bullets ricocheted off the ground, spraying bits of gravel into the air.
"It was bedlam," Brooks said.
By then, Representative Barry Loudermilk, had already hidden behind a wooden shack beyond the dugout.
In front of him were two members of Scalise's security detail who had just popped out of a black SUV. In suits with guns drawn, they returned fire.
"Are you friendly? Are you friendly?" Senator Jeff Flake screamed at one of them.
"Yes," the man shouted back.
The shooter, wearing jeans and a blue shirt, methodically moved along the outside of the fence towards home plate, easing his way in their direction.
Then another burst of gunfire.
× A police officer walks next to Eugene Simpson Stadium Park. Photo / Washington Post A police officer walks next to Eugene Simpson Stadium Park. Photo / Washington Post
Chunks of bark popped off an oak just behind Loudermilk, an Air Force veteran, as he realized that Matt Mika, a Tysons Food lobbyist, was sprawled across the ground with a bullet wound in his chest.
"Every time we tried to move out to help him," Loudermilk said, "the shooting began again."
By then, the two Capitol Police officers, David Bailey and Crystal Griner, were in an intense, close-range firefight with the gunman, later identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from Belleville, Illinois.
Griner took a round to the ankle and slumped to the ground.
In an effort to draw fire away from the members, Loudermilk said, Bailey shifted his position and was also struck - but kept returning fire.
"If it hadn't of been for those two officers," Loudermilk said, "it would have been a carnage."
FBI says 2nd congressman sustained "minor injuries," confirms shooter's ID https://t.co/uuCD0oi56w pic.twitter.com/ojFCK5pIOC — Talking Points Memo (@TPM) June 14, 2017
Within minutes, Alexandria police arrived.
Just as one of those officers emerged from her car, Loudermilk said, Hodgkinson shot at her but missed, blowing out the window of a car on the street.
"There were people lying on the ground screaming, but he was targeting us," Loudermilk said. "He wasn't shooting at any of those folks. He was targeting members."
More officers arrived, flushing the gunman from his cover. By then, Loudermilk said, Hodgkinson had switched from his rifle to a pistol.
"Drop your weapon," an officer shouted, and when he didn't, they shot him.
Hodgkinson, who died later, had been hanging out for weeks - often early in the morning -at the YMCA next to the park. A home inspector, he had volunteered for Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign. A Facebook page believed to belong to him included a post that reads: "Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co."
Rep. Mike Doyle calls for greater civility: "It shouldn't take an incident like this to bring us together" https://t.co/mZucg55Ana — CNN (@CNN) June 14, 2017
About 10 minutes before the shooting began, congressmen Jeff Duncan and Ron Desantis said they spoke to a man they now believe was Hodgkinson.
Duncan, who was just about to leave the practice field, said he "asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team".
"I told him they were Republicans," Duncan recalled. "He said, 'OK, thanks,' turned around."
The congressmen didn't learn until later what had happened.
"I'm making the assumption," Duncan said, "he was targeting Republicans."
× An investigator looks over the home-plate batting cage. Photo / Washington Post An investigator looks over the home-plate batting cage. Photo / Washington Post
During the rampage, which began just after 7am local time, bullets whizzed by nearby front porches and shattered windows at the adjacent YMCA.
"People were shaking," said Charles Halloran, who lives about a block form the park.
When the gunfire stopped and Flake heard someone say the shooter was down, he sprinted out to Scalise.
He pressed his hand against the wound until a group cut away his uniform and a doctor applied gauze to stem the bleeding.
Flake then found Scalise's phone and called his wife so she wouldn't hear what had happened from the news.
Loudermilk rushed to Mika, who had been shot multiple times.
The congressman knelt down and prayed with him as paramedics flood the area, scrambling to treat six different people - including the shooter - who had been injured.
A congresswoman was shot in the head six years ago. Our political dialogue got worse, not better. Let's hope this time something changes. — Matt Viser (@mviser) June 14, 2017
Soon, each would be rushed to hospitals. Scalise was in critical condition following surgery at MedStar Washington Hospital Centre. Mika's family released a statement saying he, too, was in critical condition and undergoing surgery at George Washington University Hospital.
Still wearing his baseball uniform - a red and white baseball shirt imprinted with "Republicans" - Flake remained shaken as he walked to his car near the field hours after the carnage.
One person, standing on his balcony overlooking the baseball field, yelled down at him: "We're glad you're safe, Jeff."
(Reuters Health) - Child and young adult cancer patients often struggle to lead a normal social life, and even two years after being diagnosed, many still have reduced functioning in the social realm, a recent study suggests.
Symptoms of disease may impair a young person's ability to interact with friends and family, or feelings of isolation could also keep them apart – either way, researchers write in the journal Cancer, treatment plans should focus on reducing psychological symptoms and building up social support for young patients.
“A cancer diagnosis can disrupt social maturation, the process by which young people develop self-views, social cognition, awareness, and emotional regulation that guides them throughout the remainder of their lives,” said lead author Olga Husson of Radboud University Medical Center in the Netherlands.
Helping to manage psychological symptoms and offering supportive care during the second year after diagnosis may help young cancer patients reintegrate into society, Husson said by email.
To see how young cancer patients fared over time, the researchers recruited 215 cancer patients between the ages of 14 and 39 shortly after they had been diagnosed at one of five major U.S. hospitals.
The participants answered survey questions within four months after diagnosis, then again a year later and two years later. Researchers also analyzed clinical records to assess each patient's severity of disease, their symptoms and treatments over the study period.
The survey questions gauged each participant's level of psychological distress and need for support or counseling services. In addition, patients were asked about their social functioning, including whether physical or emotional issues interfered with their social activities with friends and family.
Social functioning was scored on a scale of zero to 100, with higher scores representing better functioning. Researchers then compared the participants to young people without cancer, whose social functioning scores average around 85.
The team found that young cancer patients had significantly worse social functioning at all-time points. For the patients, social functioning was the poorest around the time of diagnosis, with average scores around 52, and had improved significantly at the one-year mark when scores averaged around 71.
However, the level of functioning stayed relatively stable after that, with no significant improvement at the two-year follow up when scores averaged about 69.
Around one in 10 participants showed consistently high social functioning throughout the study, while nearly a third had consistently low scores.
Nearly half of the participants improved their social functioning throughout the study, while for 13 percent scores declined.
“A lot of kids who undergo cancer treatment isolate themselves from their peers,” said Elana Evan, an associate professor in pediatrics at the University of California, Los Angeles who was not involved in the study.
“Their body looks different, there are a lot of physical symptoms and psychological symptoms from the treatment,” Evan said by email.
For teenagers, this may be especially difficult, as this is the time period in which young people tend to become more independent from their families and experiment with different social groups, she said. Social supports should really start to be a focus during treatment, she added.
“We need to really look at the individual strengths of the child and build upon that and build that support system early on,” Evan said.
“Our findings show that supportive care interventions are needed, e.g. in the form of online social network/peer support groups,” Husson said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nKv4r9 Cancer, online March 20, 2017.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's government has asked WhatsApp to take immediate action to prevent the social media site from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks.
At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in many Indian states by attacking mobs that were inflamed by social media. Victims were innocent people accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on preventative measures it expected.
The social messaging platform owned by Facebook said in a blog it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform.
Senior Government figures have criticised the UK's attempts to retain two big European Union agencies in London after Brexit.
Two Ministers yesterday confirmed that the Republic of Ireland was competing to be the future home of the European Medicines Agency and the European Banking Authority. The British government's department for exiting the European Union, headed by David Davis, had claimed that the future location of the agencies would be decided during Brexit negotiations.
Government sources in Dublin insisted it was not a matter for the UK to decide, pointing to last month's EU draft negotiation plan, which said arrangements should be made to transfer the bodies to a state staying in the union.
“There is no way the European Union would allow the British retain two key agencies when it made the decision to leave the EU. It just will not happen,” one senior Irish figure said.
EU officials also say there is no question of the UK keeping the medicines agency, which monitors the safety of drugs across Europe, and the banking authority, which co-ordinates EU banking rules. Officials expect the president of the European Council, Donald Tusk, to outline this month the procedures and criteria for making the decision about relocating the agencies, which most of the 27 remaining member states have expressed interest in hosting. The Republic is one of four countries officially competing to attract both agencies.
A decision on the location of the European Medicines Agency is expected to be made this year; a position on the European Banking Authority is expected to be taken towards the end of Brexit negotiations.
European leaders are anxious to ease uncertainty for existing staff and allow time for recruitment and the putting in place of infrastructure in other cities before the UK leaves the EU, in March 2019.
Government figures have already begun assessing locations for the two organisations. The medicines agency was originally earmarked for Co Cork, but it has since been agreed that both would be accommodated in Dublin were the Republic to be chosen as their new home. The Government believes the old Central Bank of Ireland building on Dame Street could facilitate the banking authority, which has 220 staff.
Minister of State for Financial Services Eoghan Murphy said he believed the Republic had a strong chance of ensuring the authority came here. “It is our aim to be seen as a global location for financial services, and securing the EBA would be a significant boost in us achieving that.”
The European Medicines Agency is much larger, with more than 900 staff. Minister for Health Simon Harris said that it was extremely important to minimise the impact of relocation and that Dublin could provide a seamless transition. “Dublin would prove very attractive to EMA staff and their families and maximise the retention of existing staff,” he said. “We are also an English-speaking location, and English is the working language of the EMA and the pharmaceutical industry.”
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
NEW YORK Fidelity Investments Inc has become the first financial institution to join the Initiative for CryptoCurrencies & Contracts, a group of academic institutions and technology companies looking to develop blockchain-based technology.
Fidelity Labs, the innovation arm of asset manager Fidelity, will be a member of IC3 along with Cornell University, University of California at Berkeley, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, the Technion, IBM Corp (IBM.N) and Intel Corp (INTC.O), the company said in a statement.
The Boston-based fund manager will collaborate with the group to develop blockchain programmes to help make financial systems more efficient and secure.
Blockchain, which first emerged as the system underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a distributed record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers, rather than a centralised authority.
Over the past two years, financial institutions have been ramping up their investments in the technology in the hopes that it can help the make some of its processes simpler and cheaper. Potential use cases range from systems to manage international payments, to programs to settle securities trades.
In a bid to accelerate development and adoption of blockchain, companies have been joining forces in several industry consortia and groups.
Banks have been more vocal about their efforts than asset managers, with most large lenders having joined a group led by New York-based startup R3. Most recently a group of 30 companies, including several banks, launched a new blockchain consortium called the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
"What IC3 brings is that academic computer science legacy that can help us explore how this technology can be applied," said Hadley Stern, senior vice president at Fidelity Labs, explaining why the asset manager had chosen the group.
Use cases the asset manager is interested include the settlement of repurchase agreements transactions, Stern said.
Despite the excitement around blockchain, the technology is still in its early days and proponents warn that it may take years before financial institutions can fully reap its benefits.
IC3, which is based at the Jacobs Technion-Cornell Institute at Cornell Tech in New York City, conducts research aimed at developing blockchain that meets the standards needed to be deployed by businesses.
"Expected outcomes of our work include new blockchain and smart contract technologies that are secure, incrementally deployable, and efficient to meet the industry's needs," said Emin Gün Sirer, co-director of IC3 and a professor at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
LAGOS, April 5 Nigeria's naira weakened against the dollar on the black market on Wednesday even as the central bank increased the supply of dollars to currency retail bureaux in an attempt to boost support for the local currency.
The naira weakened to about 398 a dollar on the black market, against 390 per dollar on Friday, as speculators took advantage of increased demand to make quick gains, traders said.
The president of the association of bureau de change operators, Aminu Gwadabe, said the central bank had offered to sell an additional $10,000 to its members on Thursday in a bid to provide support for the naira.
"The central bank is selling additional $10,000 to bureau de change on Thursday beside the earlier one disbursed on Tuesday, making it a total of $20,000 per week to each member," Gwadabe said.
With the planned sales, retail currency bureaux will receive around $65 million per week from the central bank, he said.
"We hope to see the naira appreciating on the impact of the fresh dollar sales by the central bank to the bureau de change operators," he said in a telephone interview.
Last week, the central bank set a rate of 362 naira for exchange bureaux to sell the U.S. currency to consumers and also increased the amount of dollar sales to each currency seller to $10,000, up from $5,000, in its bid to improve dollar liquidity.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) said on Wednesday that the naira is over-valued by around 10 to 20 percent, and called for changes to exchange rate policy.
The Nigerian currency closed at 306.20 to the dollar on the official interbank market, slightly higher than it closed on Tuesday. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Editing by Alexis Akwagyiram and Andrew Bolton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Film | by Shane “Professor Popcorn” Hnetka
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is the latest film spoiled by its advertising. The trailer is basically a free, condensed version of the movie. Watch it on YouTube and save yourself a few bucks — and a couple of hours. Happy to help!
Canada Shall Not Pass
An emerging trend seems to be theatre companies offering subscriptions to movies. You pay a monthly fee and you can go to as many as you want. It's sort of like a streaming service, but you get to leave your home — hooray!
MoviePass started the ball rolling with a $10 monthly all-you-can-watch subscription, but it quickly ran into trouble. Three million people signed up — which should be fantastic, except MoviePass can't afford it and is now hemorrhaging money (haven't they heard of balancing books with overpriced popcorn?). The company needs to raise $1.2 billion to stay afloat.
AMC Theatres, meanwhile, charges $19.99 a month for its subscription service. And the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema chain has announced plans for a subscription service in the coming months.
Sadly, Canada doesn't have anyone starting up similar subscriptions, although Cineplex now delivers their expensive popcorn to homes through Uber Eats — but only in Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia. The rest of us will just have to make our home popcorn the old-fashioned way — without spending $8 for a bag of high-calorie corn kernels.
Harlan Ellison Has Left The Planet
Brilliant but controversial writer Harlan Ellison passed away June 28 at the age of 84. Ellison influenced a generation of science fiction filmmakers and comic writers through both his work and his mentoring. He also wrote for TV — Ellison penned the revered, award-winning Star Trek episode “The City On The Edge Of Forever”, though he famously insisted it was butchered by rewrites.
Ellison's novel A Boy and His Dog was made into an excellent cult film starring a young Don Johnson.
Ellison was difficult and opinionated. He frequently sued people and companies he considered to have wronged him. He sued The Terminator's producers because he felt James Cameron had ripped off his Outer Limits story “Soldier”. The producers settled with Ellison, much to Cameron's disgust, and Ellison's name now appears in the movie's credits. I don't know if Cameron ripped off Ellison, but check out “Demon With A Glass Hand” — it's a fantastic Outer Limits episode.
Ellison is also known for physically attacking his enemies, once breaking a producer's pelvis. And in 2006 he grabbed writer Connie Willis' breast on stage at the Hugo Awards in what he claimed was a joke. It wasn't funny.
Ellison wasn't always a good person but he did change science fiction for the better.
Shane Hnetka is a made-in-Saskatchewan film and comic book nerd. You can read his weekly column “Sunday Matinee” on our blog.
FILE PHOTO: Lubna S. Olayan, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chairperson, Olayan Financing Company attends the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
RIYADH The Olayan family, which controls one of Saudi Arabia's largest conglomerates, is considering listing at least 30 percent of its Saudi business in a sale that could value the company at several billion dollars, banking sources say.
Olayan Financing Company is working with Banque Saudi Fransi Capital, which has a deep relationship with the firm, on the potential listing on the Saudi stock market but the sources said the process could take at least a year to complete.
The company could be valued at $2 billion to $3 billion in an initial public offering (IPO), one of the banking sources said.
Olayan and Banque Saudi Fransi officials did not immediately respond to Reuters queries for comment.
Established in 1947, Olayan is involved in product distribution, manufacturing, services and investment, often alongside leading multinational such as Coca-Cola Co (KO.N) and Colgate-Palmolive Co (CL.N).
Olayan also has international investments, including a stake of 10.7 percent in Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), including options. It has property investments across Europe and the United States and bought 550 Madison Avenue in Manhattan, otherwise known as the Sony Tower, last year in partnership with London-based Chelsfield, according to Olayan's website.
The government has been keen to encourage more family businesses to consider listing as a way to boost investment in capital markets and improve corporate governance.
One of the sources said as two of the conglomerate's senior figures, Lubna and Khaled Olayan, were both close to retirement a listing was a way of ensuring succession planning.
A former JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst, Lubna is the chief executive of Olayan Financing Company, which holds and manages all of the Olayan Group's businesses and investments in Saudi Arabia and the Middle East.
She also wields considerable influence outside the company. In 2004, she became the first woman to be elected to the board of Saudi Hollandi Bank, now called Alawwal Bank 1040.SE. Last year, Lubna was one of four new appointments by government-owned Public Investment Fund (PIF) to the board of Ma'aden 1211.SE, the Gulf's largest miner, in which PIF owns 49.99 percent. Mining is a sector of strategic importance to the government.
The Olayan family also holds 21.76 percent of Alawwal Bank and 16.98 percent in Saudi British Bank (SABB) 1060.SE, Saudi lenders backed by Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) and HSBC Holdings (HSBA.L) respectively.
The Saudi lenders agreed last month to start merger talks.
Bloomberg had earlier reported the company's plans for an IPO.
(Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad; editing by David Clarke)
MILAN, April 23 Substitute Arkadiusz Milik rescued a dramatic 2-2 draw for Napoli following a topsy-turvy second half at Sassuolo which saw the visitors lead 1-0, gift an equaliser and then hit the woodwork twice on Sunday.
The draw kept third-placed Napoli one point behind AS Roma, who visit basement club Pescara on Monday, and nine behind leaders Juventus, who were at home to Genoa in Sunday's late game (1845 GMT).
Dries Mertens headed Napoli in front from Jose Callejon's cross in the 52nd minute to delight of the army of shirtless visiting fans behind the goal.
But a mistake by Napoli's usually inspirational captain Marek Hamsik allowed Sassuolo to level seven minutes later when Domenico Berardi intercepted the Slovakian's headed back pass and fired past Pepe Reina.
Mertens smacked a free kick against the crossbar and Lorenzo Insigne hit the inside of the post before Sassuolo sneaked a second in the 80th minute, Luca Mazzitelli firing home after Napoli failed to clear the ball.
Milik was brought on and equalised within three minutes when he hooked the ball in from close range with Sassuolo claiming offside as Napoli extended their unbeaten league run to seven games. (Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
March 30 Nippon View Hotel Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to sign a syndicated loan contract for 5 billion yen, with Mizuho Bank as the arranger, on March 31
* Says the commitment period from May 1 to April 27, 2018
* Says the valid period for the contract is from May 1 to April 30, 2024
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/UFZ2wr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
FRANKFURT/PARIS The European Central Bank sees no evidence that its aggressive stimulus policy is hampering financial markets, ECB director Benoit Coeure said on Monday, despite deeply negative yields on some bonds and fresh signs of scarcity.
His comments are likely to cool industry hopes for fresh ECB action to alleviate pressure on bond markets by lending out more of the 1.4 trillion euros ($1.49 trillion) worth of government debt it has bought or changing the country composition of its purchases.
They come just after a new spike in the cost of borrowing German and French debt last Friday, which signalled investors were struggling to source enough high-rated bonds to use as collateral to guarantee their trading positions.
Coeure blamed political risk in some European countries and stricter financial rules since the crisis for boosting demand for short-term German government bonds, a form of investment regarded as safe, and pushing yields on that paper deep below zero.
He said there was scant evidence that this was directly caused by the ECB's purchases of government debt or its charge on bank deposits, two of the extreme measures deployed by Frankfurt to boost inflation.
"So far we see no evidence that the current constellation of interest rates bears risks for the smooth functioning of markets, nor to financial stability or the transmission of our policy," Coeure told an event in Paris.
Also allaying the prospect of technical changes to the ECB's purchases, chief economist Peter Praet told a Spanish newspaper the ECB would continue to buy government bonds according to each country's contribution to the bank's capital.
The cost of borrowing German and French government bonds rose to 1.9 percent and 1.2 percent, respectively, on Friday as banks closed their books for the first quarter and became reluctant to lend. It normally hovers around 0.5-0.6 percent.
After a much larger squeeze around New Year, industry body the International Capital Market Association called on the ECB to act to ease the squeeze or face the risk of some institutions being unable to post collateral in time, exposing them to the danger of default.
Coeure said the reduction in the pace of ECB purchases to 60 billion euros from this month should provide some relief but added the demand for short-term bonds is likely to remain high.
"For the time being, these factors are ... likely to continue exerting a certain degree of downward pressure on short-term bond yields," he said.
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
March 28 Britannia Industries Ltd:
* Says Britannia has signed a joint venture agreement with Chipita S A, a Greek company
* Says estimated investment in JV co in phase-I is 1 billion rupees
* Says will hold 60 percent, Chipita will hold 40 percent of JV share capital
* Says name of JV co between Britannia and Chipita is Britchip Foods Ltd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
'Smart Elevator Challenge' to leverage IBM Watson IoT on IBM's Bluemix Cloud platform
Logo KONE
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Launch
* Infrastructure Industry:
* Technology Location:
* Delhi - Delhi - India Subject:
* Partnerships
Contact
Achal Paul
***@buzzcomm.in Achal Paul
End
-- KONE, Global leader in the elevator and escalator industry today announced the launch of "SmartElevator Challenge" for developers and hackathon enthusiasts in association with IBM & HackerEarth. Organised by HackerEarth, the hackathon will be powered by IBM Watson IoT platform on IBM Bluemix Cloud platform. The goal of the Hackathon is to encourage developers to come up with ideas for smart elevators to enhance user safety & experience and develop utility tools for KONE by applying open ideation using IBM's Watson IoT plaform. This platform will enable device connectivity and provide the ability to derive real time insights based on rules, which developers can leverage to build intelligent elevator solutions.The three phased Hackathon started with a phase one online registration which commenced on December 26, 2016. By the time registrations closed on February 5, 2017, over ~ 2300people across India had registered for this challenge. During the second phase of the offline event, scheduled between February 18 – 26, 2017 in Bengaluru and Chennai, the top 60 shortlisted teams will develop and present their ideas. The third phase will involve the top 15 teams demonstrate the integration of their prototypes with real elevators at the Chennai R&D center on March 4, 2017. The winning team will be rewarded with a cash prize of INR 4 Lakhs and will win a chance to work with KONE's R&D center in Finland to further develop the actual idea."We are proud to host the first-ever Elevator & Escalator Industry Hackathon in India. Our objective behind conducting this Hackathon is to bring thousands of Developers together and foster Digital Innovation. Our aim is to improve the flow of urban life through a mix of Technology, Research, Market Knowledge and out of the box ideas. Our ranking in the Forbes list of top 100 innovative companies in the world for the 6consecutive year, stands testimony to the fact that we continuously foster innovation within KONE. We are delighted to work with IBM and aim to encourage some of the best minds in the Developer Community to create and deliver seamless people flow experience" said Amit Gossain - Managing Director, KONE IndiaCommenting on the hackathon, Sachin Gupta, CEO and co-founder, HackerEarth said "The fourth industrial revolution will be led by the use of IoT applications in the industrial segment, which will lead to creation of new jobs with new skills. IoT is all about sensing, collecting data, and using it to improve our lives.The developers and hackathon enthusiasts participating in this event will be able to develop intelligent elevator solutions by using IBM's Watson IoT on the IBM Bluemix Cloud Platform. The hackathon will be held both online and offline as it will help us to reach out to the larger developer community across the country.""A highly populated country like India requires smart cities and buildings to understand the movement patterns and preferences of its population in order to create systems which make the user experiences more intuitive, convenient and enjoyable.Through the use of IBM's Watson IoT on the IBM Bluemix Cloud Platform, participants of the KONE 'Smart Elevator Challenge'will have the opportunity to bring their ideas to life while the systems analyze the disparate data, identify and predict issues, reduce downtime and personalize the experience for the end users."Kaushik Bhaskar, Vice President, India Software Labs, IBM India.About KONE:At KONE, our mission is to improve the flow of urban life. As a global leader in the elevator and escalator industry, KONE provides elevators, escalators and automatic building doors, as well as solutions for maintenance and modernization to add value to buildings throughout their life cycle. Through more effective People Flow®, we make people's journeys safe, convenient and reliable, in taller, smarter buildings. In 2016, KONE had annual net sales of EUR 8.8 billion, and at the end of the year close to 52,000 employees. KONE class B shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. in Finland.Follow us on Twitter - @KONEindia, Facebook - www.facebook.com/ koneindiaofficialpage About IBM Watson IoTWithin two years, the Internet of Things will be the single greatest source of data on the planet, generated by billions of interconnected sensors and devices embedded into the world's physical systems. IBM's Watson technologies use machine learning and natural language processing to reveal insights from this data, helping to transform businesses, lives and societies. IBM is an established leader in the Internet of Things with more than 6,000 client engagements in 170 countries, a growing ecosystem of over 1,400 partners and more 750 IoT patents.For more information about IBM Watson IoT, please visit: www.ibm.com/iot or follow @IBMIoT (https://twitter.com/IBMIoT) on Twitter.About HackerEarthHackerEarth is a hub for programmers to practice and improve their programming skills, compete in coding challenges and hackathons and showcase their profile. Businesses use HackerEarth to build developer relations, encourage innovation, create new products and maintain a talent pipeline. HackerEarth is focused on both nurturing the programmer community and developing the technical talent that businesses need.HackerEarth engages with various corporate and government institutions to conduct hackathons that help develop new products and solutions for various industry verticals.For more information, visithttps://www.hackerearth.comFollow us onTwitter,Facebook and on our blog athttp://blog.hackerearth.com/
(Adds company news and futures)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100 futures up 0.03 percent ahead of the cash market open on Friday.
* Cobham: British aerospace and defence electronics group Cobham said on Friday it has agreed to sell its AvComm and Wireless test businesses to Viavi Solutions for $455 million, as part of the latest stage of a turnaround plan.
* AstraZeneca expects to increase drug sales at a low single-digit percentage rate this year as new medicines win market share and the company puts patent losses behind it, although the need to invest in launches will weigh on profit.
* BT: BT, Britain's biggest broadband and mobile provider, broadly met market forecasts with a 25 percent rise in third-quarter pretax profit and said it remained confident about its full-year outcome.
* PROVIDENT: Troubled doorstep lender Provident Financial has appointed acting chairman Malcolm Le ‎May as its CEO with immediate effect, the company said on Friday.
* ASTRAZENECA: Array BioPharma Inc on Thursday sued AstraZeneca , accusing the pharmaceutical company of refusing to pay required royalties for a cancer drug after entering into an $8.5 billion collaboration with Merck & Co.
* PROVIDENT FINANCIAL: British lender Provident Financial Plc will appoint its interim executive chairman, Malcolm Le May, as the company's new chief executive, Sky News reported on Thursday.
* IWG: Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp and Brookfield Asset Management said on Thursday they do not intend to make an offer for IWG Plc, sending shares of the British serviced office provider down more than 20 percent.
* BRITAIN INTEREST RATE: After waiting for over 10 years for a Bank of England (BoE) interest rate increase, investors are increasingly expecting another one to come along soon.
* OIL: Oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
* GOLD: Gold prices edged down on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day, with traders looking for any implications for the outlook for U.S. monetary policy over the rest of the year.
* The UK blue chip index fell 0.6 percent to a six-week low on Thursday, after Vodafone posted a disappointing trading update and dragged British shares into a third day of losses as outsourcing firms failed to recover after Capita's profit warning during the previous session.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY‘S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru)
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Uncapped Australia leg-spinner Mitchell Swepson recognises he is heading to Bangladesh as the third-choice slow bowler but is hoping his ability to get prodigious turn will earn him a test call-up.
Swepson, who toured India earlier this year but did not play, was added last week to Australia's squad for their two-test series in Bangladesh, which starts on Aug. 27.
The 23-year-old, however, understands that offspinner Nathan Lyon and left-arm orthodox spinner Ashton Agar are likely to be ahead of him in the selectors' minds.
"I was added late, so you'd probably think that the other two blokes are ahead of me at the moment," Swepson told reporters at the team's training camp in Darwin on Saturday.
"But anything can happen.
"I've just got to prepare to play and if it doesn't happen, then so be it. I'll just take the experience as it comes and I'm looking forward to it."
Swepson's ability to get turn was highly respected by leg-spinning great Shane Warne, who urged selectors to bring him into the side for their programme at home last summer.
The Queenslander, however, was not included until the tour of India earlier this year, where he said he had picked up a great deal of knowledge.
"I picked up a few things in India just being around the squad, and being able to be at test matches and watch how the blokes go about it," he said.
"Coming back this pre-season, I was really happy with where my bowling was at and I think that was on the back of being on that Indian tour."
While Agar's ability to tie up one end with a superior economy rate to Swepson is likely to earn him the nod, it is actually his batting that could give him a leg up in future selections, according to captain Steve Smith.
Agar still holds the record for the highest test score as a number 11 when he struck an impressive 98 on debut against England as a teenager in 2013.
The 23-year-old has scored two first class centuries and eight half centuries and Smith said he felt Agar could potentially transform into a batsman who bowls rather than a bowler who can bat.
"I think he's got that ability," Smith told Cricket Australia's website.
"Right now... he's probably playing mainly as a spinner who can bat a bit. But I think he's certainly got the capability to bat in the top six at some point."
(Morning News Call - India edition will not be published on Friday, April 14, as markets are closed for Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Jayanti and Good Friday.) To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 11:15 am: Petroleum Secretary K. D. Tripathi briefs media on cabinet decisions related to the ministry in New Delhi. 4:00 pm: India Ratings webinar on power sector in Mumbai. 5:00 pm: RBI to release weekly foreign exchange data in Mumbai. GMF: LIVECHAT - CHINA AUTOMOBILE OUTLOOK Will SUVs continue to boost Chinese carmakers such as Geely and Great Wall Motor in the rest of 2017 and beyond? What is the prospect of electric cars - both domestic brand BYD and U.S. brand Tesla - in China? Reuters auto correspondent Jake Spring will discuss the trend of the industry at 11:30 am. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • Higher fuel prices drive up India's inflation to five-month high Higher fuel costs drove up India's headline inflation to its highest level in five months in March, data showed, vindicating a central bank decision last week to keep its policy rate on hold amid concern about price pressures. • Indian sales tax coming July 1, to boost growth, revenues - official India will launch a new national sales tax as planned on July 1 to boost economic growth and state revenues, a finance ministry official said on Wednesday, despite calls from some businesses for a delay. • Indian state refiners to revise fuel price in 5 cities daily from May 1 - sources India's state-owned fuel retailers plan to implement daily revision of fuel price in five cities from May 1 ahead of a nationwide roll out of the scheme, industry sources said. • Indian-Greek venture offers 480 mln euros to build Crete airport -sources The only bid submitted to build an airport on the island of Crete was priced at 480 million euros ($509.42 million), well below the expected 850 million, sources close to the project said on Wednesday. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • China's Xi urges peaceful resolution of N.Korea tension in call with Trump Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a peaceful resolution of rising tension on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group steamed towards the region. • U.S.-Russia relations at another low after Syria attacks The presidents of the United States and Russia on Wednesday both presented souring views of the relationship between their two countries, exchanging sharp words as Moscow extended an icy welcome to the United States' top diplomat in a face-off over Syria. • Foreign journalists in North Korea gather for "big event" amid tensions Foreign journalists visiting North Korea gathered in Pyongyang for "a big and important event" with tensions high over the possibility of a new weapons test by the isolated state and as a U.S. carrier group sails towards the Korean peninsula. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,202.50, trading little changed from its previous close. • The Indian rupee will likely open higher against the dollar, as the greenback slipped after U.S. President Donald Trump said the currency was getting too strong and that he prefers a low interest rate policy. • Indian government bonds will likely edge higher in early trade tracking a slide in U.S. Treasury yields after President Donald Trump said he preferred a low Federal funds rate. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.75 pct-6.81 pct band today. The bond closed at 101.30 rupees, yielding 6.78 pct, yesterday. GLOBAL MARKETS • U.S. stocks eased on Wednesday and the S&P 500 closed below a key technical level for the first time since Election Day, pressured by lingering geopolitical concerns and President Donald Trump's comments on the dollar and interest rates. • Japanese stocks posted fresh four-month lows as the yen spiked against the dollar after U.S. President Donald Trump said the U.S currency was too strong, hitting automakers and tech shares hard. • The dollar slumped broadly, falling to a five-month low against the yen, after U.S. President Donald Trump helped accelerate its recent decline by saying the currency was too strong. • U.S. Treasury yields fell on Wednesday with benchmark yields hitting a near five-month low, prompted by comments by U.S. President Donald Trump on favoring low interest rates made in a newspaper interview published in late U.S. trading. • Crude oil futures slid for a second session, moving away from a one-month high touched briefly in the last session as rising U.S. production stoked worries about global oversupply. • Gold hit a five-month peak as the U.S. dollar slid after President Donald Trump said he preferred lower interest rates with the greenback "too strong", and amid rising tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.52/64.55 April 12 -$89.8 mln $116.57 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.16 Month-to-date -$1.2 mln $2.89 bln Year-to-date $6.78 bln $8.36 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.6850 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru)
April 20 Virtu Financial Inc said it would buy rival trading firm KCG Holdings Inc for about $1.4 billion in cash.
Virtu Financial's offer of $20 per share represents a 12.7 percent premium to KCG's Wednesday close. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
The Competition Commission has taken measures to enhance security at its premises after two laptops were stolen last week.
“There has been a security breach at the offices of the Competition Commission. Two laptops were stolen on Tuesday, 8 August, from the division responsible for investigations into cartel conduct,” said the commission on Saturday.
The commission, which is an entity of the Department of Economic Development, said the matter was reported to the South African Police Service (SAPS) and the case has subsequently been transferred to the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation (the Hawks) for further investigation.
“The commission has taken the necessary measures and safeguards to enhance security,” it said.
The commission is empowered by the Competition Act to investigate, control and evaluate restrictive business practices, abuse of dominant positions and mergers in order to achieve equity and efficiency in the South African economy.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
April 12 Qinghai Huzhu Barley Wine Co Ltd :
* Says its Beijing unit and partner will set up a business JV in Shanxi, which will be engaged in food wholesale and daily necessities retail business
* Says the JV will be capitalized at 3 million yuan and its unit will hold 60 percent stake in it for 1.8 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/kedfpt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS May 3 BNP Paribas reported a 4.4 percent rise in quarterly profit, boosted by strong fixed income and equities trading, which helped offset weak retail banking where revenues fell.
France's biggest bank said on Wednesday that net income rose to 1.89 billion euros ($2.1 billion) in the first quarter from 1.81 billion euros a year earlier. This beat the average of four analyst estimates of 1.6 billion euros in a Reuters poll.
The results came after French banks enjoyed a stock market rally following the first round of the French presidential election that bolstered investors' projections that Emmanuel Macron, seen as a business-friendly candidate, would eventually win.
($1 = 0.9154 euros) (Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva and Julien Ponthus; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Belgian Thierry Neuville snatched his second rally victory in a row for Hyundai in Argentina on Sunday with a last-gasp burst of speed that denied Britain's Elfyn Evans a first win by a fraction of a second.
Evans, who had led from the second stage in his D-Mack team Ford Fiesta, suffered brake problems early in the day and missed out by 0.7 of a second, with Estonian Ott Tanak third in an M-Sport Fiesta.
Neuville, who won in Corsica on April 9, started the final El Condor power stage 0.6 seconds adrift of Evans but won it to take overall victory and five bonus points.
The rally is based in Villa Carlos Paz, near Cordoba and 700km to the north-west of Buenos Aires.
Reigning world champion Sebastien Ogier of France, who finished fourth, continues to lead the standings with 102 points after five rounds, ahead of Finnish rival Jari-Matti Latvala on 86 and Neuville on 84.
The next rally is in Portugal on May 18-21.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ken Ferris)
April 6 Para Resources Inc:
* Para arranges $4,000,000 non-brokered private placement
* Private placement will consist of up to 20 million units at a price of $0.20 per unit
* Para Resources - proceeds of private placement to be used to retire portion of acquisition debt for purchase of el limon mine from red rock resources
* Mill operations at El Limon in Colombia re-commenced on April 3rd
* Para Resources Inc - nicaragua milling limited's target production is approximately 10,000 ounces of gold in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Oilfield services company Hunting Plc (HTG.L) said on Wednesday its revenue for the first quarter had been ahead of management's expectations due continued higher activity levels in US shale sector.
The company reported a positive EBITDA of $5.5 million (£4.40 million) for the first quarter ended March 31.
U.S. drillers added oil rigs for a 12th week in a row, extending the recovery into an 11th month as energy companies boost spending on new production to take advantage of a recovery in crude prices, energy services firm Baker Hughes Inc (BHI.N) said April 7.
More than half of the rigs added since the recovery started in June after crude prices first topped $50 a barrel were in the Permian basin, the nation's biggest shale oil formation located in west Texas and eastern New Mexico.
Drillers last week added 12 rigs there, bringing the total up to 331, the highest since February 2015.
(Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
SEOUL Shares of tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) opened up 0.2 percent at 2,094,000 won ($1,885.87) on Thursday following the launch of its Galaxy S8 flagship smartphone.
The long-awaited S8 is the company's first new premium phone since its September withdrawal of all Galaxy Note 7 devices due to fire-prone batteries.
(Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Stephen Coates)
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Las Vegas, NV – Doc's Sports Service announced the addition of Scott Spreitzer to its handicapping team on Wednesday. Spreitzer, with more than 25 years of professional handicapping experience, started his service at www.docsports.com on Thursday, April 12.
Spreitzer has been a go-to betting expert for ABC and CNBC TV, appearing on “Power Lunch” to discuss the potential fiscal benefits of the legalization of sports betting. Spreitzer has appeared on several network television shows, including national network NFL pregame shows and bowl preview shows, as well as being a frequent guest on ABC Radio bowl pregame shows.
This fall will mark Spreitzer's fifth season as a national contributor to various ESPN platforms. He appears every Saturday on the “Dari and Mel Show” and has appeared on ESPN's “NFL Sunday Countdown” with Kevin Winter on Sunday mornings.
“We are excited to add an established and well-respected name to our diverse lineup of award-winning handicappers,” said Wade Moseman, General Manager of Doc's Sports. “We feel that he will be an outstanding addition and that his experience and proven track record will be a benefit to our site and to our clients. With Scott's help we are going to be doing a lot of new projects in the months and years to come, and he is the perfect addition to our hard-working team.”
Spreitzer He's been a featured guest on “The Paul Finebaum Show” as well as the “Stephen A. Smith Show”. Spreitzer is also in his sixth season on Mad Dog Radio's “The Wrap”, found on Sirius-XM radio.
“I'm thrilled to be the newest member of the Doc's team,” Spreitzer said. “This has been a goal of mine for a long time, and I'm proud to be involved with an organization that's so well known for its honesty, integrity and overall success and popularity. I look forward to being with Doc's for a long time.”
Doc's Sports is one of the most well-known and well-respected sports picks websites in the United States. Family owned and operated since 1971, Doc's Sports recognized leader and trusted name in the sports handicapping industry. Doc's Sports offers sports predictions and information on everything from football to college basketball to soccer to horse racing, with several of the most popular and successful specialists in the country.
Spreitzer is now the 12th handicapper to offer service on Doc's Sports Services, and he and his daily videos can be found exclusively on his new page at Doc's Sports
Contact:
Wade Moseman
Company: Doc's Sports
Address: PO Box 88, Sauk City, WI 53583
Phone: 1-866-238-6696
Email: service@docsports.com
Website: https://www.docsports.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ONEONTA – Joan Ann Nydam, 74, a former nurse and accomplished organist and pianist, passed away Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, with her daughter, Lisa by her side, at Hampshire House Adult Home.
She was born April 15, 1943, in Paterson, N.J., the daughter of the late Govert and Anna (Ackerman) Warnet.
Joan graduated from Eastern Christian High School and continued her studies to become a LPN at Bergen Pines, Paramus, N.J.
For several years she was a nurse at Valley Hospital, Ridgewood, N.J., until the birth of her children and she stayed home to raise her two daughters, Lisa and Lori.
On May 20, 1967, Joan married Ryan Nydam in Wyckoff, N.J. Ryan predeceased her on Nov. 13, 2010.
Joan's love of music began at an early age. She studied the organ under Virgil Fox. She played many weddings (her first one at the age of 13) and funerals. She was an organ and piano teacher and taught many children how to play. For 23 years, Joan was the church organist at Hawthorne Gospel Church, Hawthorne, N.J. But what brought Joan the greatest joy was spending time with her family, especially her granddaughters, Emily and Julie.
She was a member of the Wyckoff Fire Department Ladies Auxiliary.
Joan is survived by her two daughters, Lisa and Daniel Weite of Oneonta and Lori and Kevin Vanderaa of Hawthorne, N.J.; and two granddaughters, Emily and Julie Weite of Oneonta.
She was predeceased by her son, Ryan Jr.; and her brother, Albert Warnet.
Calling hours will be 5 to 8 p.m., Monday, Oct. 9, at the Bookhout Funeral Home, 357 Main St., Oneonta. Graveside services will be at 10:30 a.m., Tuesday, Oct. 10, in the Ouleout Valley Cemetery, Franklin.
For those who wish, memorial donations may be made to either the Hampshire House Adult Home Activities Fund, 1846 County Highway 48, Oneonta, NY 13820 or Catskill Area Hospice & Palliative Care, Inc., 1 Birchwood Drive, Oneonta, NY 13820, in memory of Joan Ann Nydam.
Condolences to Joan's family may be made online at www.bookhoutfuneralhome.com.
Funeral arrangements are by the Bookhout Funeral Home of Oneonta.
0 0 0 SHARE: News of Cooperstown, Oneonta, and Otsego County, NY.
FILE PHOTO: Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Yahoo News in this handout picture provided by SANA on February 10, 2017, Syria. SANA/Handout/File via REUTERS
WASHINGTON The White House on Friday backed top aides' comments that the United States is not now focussed on making Syrian President Bashar al-Assad leave power, saying the U.S. focus is on defeating Islamic State militants.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Thursday drew criticism for playing down a long-standing U.S. goal of persuading Assad to leave power to help end the six-year-long Syrian civil war.
Tillerson said Assad's future is up to the Syrian people to decide, while Haley said "our priority is no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out."
At his daily news briefing, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said that regarding Assad, "there is a political reality that we have to accept in terms of where we are right now."
Spicer blamed the inability of Trump's predecessor, Democrat Barack Obama, to persuade Assad to step down.
The Obama administration, in its later years, was focussed on reaching a deal with Russia that would eventually see Assad go, though it also shifted its focus to the fight against Islamic State militants, who captured swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014.
"We had an opportunity and we need to focus now on defeating ISIS," Spicer said. "The United States has profound priorities in Syria and Iraq and we've made it clear that counterterrorism, particularly the defeat of ISIS, is foremost among those priorities."
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by James Dalgleish)
GENEVA (Reuters) - Conflict between Myanmar's army and guerrillas of the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) in northern Myanmar has escalated since Jan. 19, including in Sumprabum, Waingmaw and Tanai townships, a U.N. humanitarian report said on Friday.
“The United Nations and its humanitarian partners are concerned about the safety of civilians in these areas,” it said.
“The Tanai area has seen heavy fighting since 25 January 2018. There have been reports of a number of civilians killed or injured.”
The KIA is one of Myanmar's most powerful militias and has clashed regularly with the Myanmar military since 2011, when a 17-year-old ceasefire broke down.
It is part of the predominantly ethnic Chinese Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army (MNDAA) which clashed with Myanmar's military in 2015, in fighting that spilled over the Chinese border and displaced tens of thousands.
The U.N. report said aid agencies were reporting about 1,800 people, mainly labourers, had been evacuated from the Tanai area as a result of the latest fighting, but other civilians were still in the areas of conflict and unable to leave.
U.N. staff had not been granted access to the area and could not independently verify the information, it said.
In Sumprabum township more than 700 people were sheltering in the forest after being displaced on Jan. 22. They included villagers and about 500 people from an internal displacement camp who fled after mortar bombs landed near the camp.
Tanai and Sumprabum are located on the two major roads running north from Myitkyina, the capital of Kachin state, the northernmost part of Myanmar, between China and India.
On three occasions since mid-Decmber, most recently on Jan. 27, mortar bombs also landed close to a displacement camp in Waingmaw township, just cross the Irrawaddy river from Myitkyina, the report said.
Myanmar is already under international scrutiny for its handling of the Rohingya crisis on the Bangladesh border.
The U.N. human rights investigator for Myanmar, Yanghee Lee, was barred in December from visiting the Rohingya areas and also Kachin and Shan states.
She told Reuters at the time that the civilian government had no authority in Kachin state, since anything connected to security issues was controlled by military commanders.
She called on the international community to put more pressure on military commanders, and on China, to ensure that human rights were respected in the conflict.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
March 29 Schenker-Winkler Holding AG:
* Sika AGM: SWH proposes a 23% dividend increase to the SIKA AGM
* Schenker-Winkler Holding (SWH) will propose to SIKA annual general meeting (AGM) of 11 April 2017 a dividend in amount of 96 Swiss francs ($96.74)per bearer share for financial year 2016
* SWH will reject proposal of sika board of directors for a dividend of 102 francs per bearer share
* Proposal of SWH corresponds to a dividend increase of 23% against previous year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9923 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 Double Bond Pharmaceutical International AB (publ):
* Signed a "Memorandum of Understanding" with international partner regarding a possible licensing agreement on development of Temodex
* Hopes to enter into a license agreement for Temodex with this partner at latest during Q3 2017
Source text: bit.ly/2oCrO1S
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK, April 28 U.S. Treasury debt yields across the curve rose to session highs on Friday after data showed the U.S. economy in the first quarter grew at its slowest pace in three years, but indicated a more buoyant inflation and employment picture.
U.S. gross domestic product grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate, the Commerce Department said, the weakest performance since the first quarter of 2014.
But there were positive elements. For instance, the core inflation measure, the PCE index, was 2.0 percent, compared with 1.3 percent in the fourth quarter, suggesting the Fed remains on track to raise interest rates this year.
Also, first-quarter employment costs rose to 0.8 percent, higher than market expectations, an indication of accelerating wage growth.
In morning trading, benchmark 10-year notes were down 9/32 in price to yield 2.328 percent. Yields hit session highs of 2.338 percent. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss)
Rejjie Snow: Dear Annie (300 Entertainment/Brace Face)
It has taken Rejjie Snow well over five years to release his debut album, but such a delay shouldn't be viewed as anything other than wanting to get those all-important ducks lined up in a row. As cohesive a piece of work as you can imagine, Snow (real name Alex Anyaegbunam) delivers a sequence of broadly autobiographical tracks that extend beyond the usual storyline tropes of love and loss. Across songs such as Rainbows, Spaceships, Greatness, and more, topics such as identity and belonging are broached, with Snow cute enough to mix deft, cadenced delivery with supremely melodic lines.
Glen Hansard: Between Two Shores (Anti)
As Glen Hansard reaches ever closer to the big 50, the years of experience are starting to show. From The Frames to Swell Season, from Oscar-winner Once to an ongoing solo career, he has taken it upon himself to move as naturally as possible from one song to the next, always adhering to the same robust/ragged style that has roots in Bob Dylan, Van Morrison, Tim Buckley, and other pioneering mavericks. Irrespective of the entry point to a song, Hansard always touches the raw nerve, and on this, his third solo work, there are more of those than we deserve.
The Lost Brothers: Halfway Towards A Healing (Bird Dog Records)
This album received short shrift when it wasreviewed in this paper in January (horses for courses, etc), but for this writer it is here because at its core is courage in the face of emotional collapse. Duo Oisin Leech and Mark McCausland have doggedly rambled around the fringes of moderate success for over 10 years, and while the Everly Brothers' influences remain, their fifth album excels via songs (including Echoes in the Wind, More Than I Can Comprehend, Where the Shadows Go, and Nothing's Going To Change Me Now) that are heartfelt and much, much more than halfway to a healing.
Ash: Islands (Infectious/BMG)
Over 25 years after they started as teenagers, it seems inconceivable that the Ash lads are still able to bang out tunes with as much dynamism, but here we are – the songs hit hard yet soften the blows with a range of nimble melodies and warm moods. The songs veer from affectionate ballads (It's A Trap, Did Your Love Burn Out?, Don't Need Your Love) to vice-tight punk/pop (True Story, Annabel, Silver Suit), with a couple (Incoming Waves and “secret” track Easy Girl) pointing to potentially new directions for one of Ireland's most durable bands.
David Kitt: Yous (All City)
Yous was self-released so quietly online in early 2017 that very few realised it existed, so a decision was made to start the “campaign” afresh this year by reissuing it. It was a wise and pragmatic decision, as there are few that can match David Kitt's level of songcraft. Unlike his equally adept New Jackson music (think entrenched, airy techno/dance), Yous offsets Kitt's characteristic easy-going methods with an uncomplicated lyricism. Factor in the creative partnership of Australian co-vocalist/violinist, Margie Jean Lewis, and you have a mesmeric collection of breezy summer tunes totally fit for purpose.
Paddy Hanna: Frankly, I Mutate (Strange Brew Rekkids)
Very few expected Paddy Hanna to drag himself out of the “quirky” category he had settled into with previous bands No Monster Club and Grand Pocket Orchestra, but since he released his 2014 debut solo album, Leafy Stiletto, his methodologies have become more acutely focused. Hanna's belated follow-up is an equally singular piece of work, but this time around he has ditched flippancy in favour of sardonic and (betimes) conflicted songs that broach fluid ideas about illness, love, and misfortune. He may take some of his insubordinate vocal cues from the likes of Jarvis Cocker, but Hanna is stubbornly nobody else but himself.
Wyvern Lingo: Wyvern Lingo (Rubyworks Records)
Under the group title of Wyvern Lingo, Caoimhe Barry, Karen Cowley and Saoirse Duane have taken some years to release their debut album, and in the interim period – from their 2014 debut EP, The Widow Knows, to now – have crossed a few stylistic boundaries, notably from harmonious indie-folk to a svelte soul/funk vibe. The latter is the musical USP here, with songs such as Maybe It's My Nature, When I Call, Out Of My Hands, Used, and I Love You Sadie tripping the light fantastic with distinction and due diligence. The realm of the senses awaits.
Delorentos: True Surrender (Delo Records)
To say that True Surrender has arrived via a downpour of blood, sweat and tears is an understatement. We think little about the struggles that musicians go through in order to create music, but such turmoil is all over and across this album, the band's fifth. An open heart is here, also – through songs as expressive as Stormy Weather, Am I Done, Just Like Everybody Else, and Deep in the Heart and Delorentos highlight poignant touchstones and pivotal life events to a balanced backdrop of dexterous pop/rock.
Pursued By Dogs: Pursued by Dogs (self-released)
Bridging indie-rock/pop songwriting with incursions into techno/beats territory takes some guts, but Pursued by Dogs have done just that on their debut album. It helps that the interdependent vocals of Andrew Brennan and Suzanne Purcell generate a creative dynamic missing from previous incarnations of the band. There is also the no small matter of how classy electro-pop songs (including A Case of Rules, A Tunnel, Talk, Whiskey Ruin, Iceland, and Banish The Spiders) are invested with refined neo-classical piano. As elusive as the lyrics may be, there is a strength of conviction here that few bands ever match.
Kojaque: Deli Daydreams (Soft Boy Records)
Eight songs across 27 minutes might not constitute a recognised album length, but the ideas that Kojaque, aka Kevin Smith, puts across on this conceptual work (a week in the working life of a deli drone) frame it as such. Part spoken word, hip-hop, and found sounds, with jazz hints filtered throughout, the songs' gifts lay in the politics of the everyday. Smith's delivery, meanwhile, flows naturally, from soul singer in Eviction Notice to jagged poetry in White Noise.
Honourable mentions:
The Academic (Tales from the Backseat), Hilary Woods (Colt), Hedge Schools (Magnificent Birds), Slow Skies (Realign), Le Galaxie (Pleasure).
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A shopper speaks on her mobile phone as she walks along Oxford Street in London, Britain December 3, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File
LONDON Britain's economy slowed sharply in the first three months of 2017 as households and high streets felt the pinch from higher inflation, which has risen sharply since last year's Brexit vote.
With the country heading for an election on June 8, there were other signs on Friday of a slowdown as house prices fell for a second month and a measure of consumer confidence dipped.
The Office for National Statistics said growth in the overall economy weakened to a one-year low of 0.3 percent in the three months to March from 0.7 percent in late 2016.
That represented a bigger slowdown in the rate of quarterly gross domestic product growth than the drop to 0.4 percent economists had forecast in a Reuters poll.
Last year, Britain vied with Germany to be one of the fastest growing of the world's major advanced economies with annual growth of 1.8 percent, defying widespread predictions of recession after the vote to leave the European Union.
But Friday's figures are the clearest sign so far that the country is slowing after the Brexit vote and in the run-up to the early election called by Prime Minister Theresa May, who says she wants to strengthen her hand in exit talks as Britain prepares to leave the EU in 2019.
That said, weak retail data last week had caused some to expect a weaker number and the currency markets brushed off the new numbers ahead of a holiday weekend.
British finance minister Philip Hammond said the economy remained resilient, but the opposition Labour Party said the figures showed living standards were under threat.
Alan Clarke, an economist at Scotiabank, expects growth to slow further in the coming months to a quarterly rate of 0.2 percent as the squeeze from inflation intensifies.
"This weakness is likely to be blamed on Brexit. That is probably fair," Clarke said.
Consumer price inflation stood at 0.5 percent at the time of the June 2016 Brexit vote, but since then it has risen to its highest in nearly four years at 2.3 percent, and many economists expect it to hit 3 percent later in 2017 or early next year.
Sterling fell by around 15 percent against major currencies after the Brexit vote and this -- combined with higher global prices for oil and other commodities -- is behind most of the rise in inflation, eating into households' disposable income.
The ONS said the biggest drag to first-quarter growth came from retailers and hotels, which had been hurt by higher prices. Last week it said retail sales suffered their biggest quarterly fall since 2010.
Despite the pick-up in inflation, the Bank of England is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low of 0.25 percent as it waits to see the full impact of Brexit on the country's economy.
SLOWDOWN
British growth last year relied heavily on consumer spending -- to the extent that household saving fell to a record low -- while the boost some exporters have felt from a weaker currency has yet to revive the economy as a whole.
Businesses ranging from coffee shops to carpet fitters have reported tougher trading conditions, though some cheaper clothing chains are doing well.
The ONS said GDP growth in year-on-year terms rose to 2.1 percent from 1.9 percent in the final three months of 2016, the strongest rate since the second quarter of 2015.
The BoE and the International Monetary Fund forecast growth of 2.0 percent this year before a modest slowdown in 2018. Most private-sector economists see weaker growth this year.
Britain's dominant services sector grew 0.3 percent in the first quarter, the weakest rate in two years, after growth of 0.8 percent in late 2016, the ONS said. Industrial output also rose 0.3 percent while construction expanded by 0.2 percent.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
March 31 Mail delivery firm DX Group Plc said it was talks to buy airport services and logistics group John Menzies' distribution division in a cash-and-stock deal.
DX Group proposed to pay 60 million pounds ($74.8 million) in cash and issue of new ordinary shares representing 80 percent of DX's issued share capital after the deal closes, the companies said in a statement.
The companies said they expected the cash- and debt-free transaction to complete in the summer, but warned that there can be no certainty that a transaction would occur. ($1 = 0.8021 pounds) (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's fourth-biggest bank pledged on Friday to provide eight property firms, including Vanke and Country Garden, with at least 200 billion yuan ($31.84 billion) in response to a government-led push to increase the supply of rental housing.
China's real estate market, dominated by build-to-sell properties, has boomed over the past two years, prompting authorities to tighten control in more than 100 cities to clamp down on speculative buying.
Soaring prices, particularly in the biggest cities, have also raised concerns that many people are now priced out of the market.
Bank of China said its funding plan was in response to calls from China's top leaders who have said they want to ensure “houses are built for living in, not for speculation”, the bank said in a release posted on its website.
The funding will be used to develop new rental housing projects, as well as converting existing commercial projects including offices into rental homes, it said.
The other six property developers that will receive funding from the bank include China Overseas Land, China Resources Land, China Merchants Property, Poly Real Estate Group, Longfor Properties, and Greentown China Holdings.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
File photo: Ferdinand Piech arrives at the annual shareholders meeting in Hanover in this April 25, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/Files
BERLIN Former Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) chairman Ferdinand Piech sold the bulk of his stake in the company that controls Europe's biggest carmaker to his younger brother, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reported.
Piech, who dominated Volkswagen (VW) for more than two decades as chief executive and chairman before he resigned in 2015, sold a major part of his 14.7 percent stake in Porsche SE (PSHG_p.DE), which owns 52.2 percent of voting shares in VW, to Hans Michel Piech, the newspaper reported on Thursday, quoting the acquirer.
Porsche SE said on Monday that the Porsche and Piech clan had agreed to buy the bulk of Ferdinand Piech's stake, without giving details on the redistribution of shares.
The families had a right of first refusal on the shares previously owned by the mastermind of VW's global expansion who turns 80 on April 17.
Hans Michel Piech, a 75-year-old lawyer based in Vienna, now owns 25.1 percent of the family-owned investment firm, Frankfurter Allgemeine reported, giving him a blocking minority on major strategic decisions.
Another 4.3 percent of the Piech stake was passed on to other family members, the newspaper said.
"This was a joint decision by the Porsche and Piech families," Hans Michel Piech was quoted by the newspaper as saying, adding the priority was to ensure that none of the two tribes took sole control over Porsche SE.
Through his law firm, Hans Michel Pieche declined to be interviewed by Reuters.
The enlarged stake of Piech, who previously held 14.7 percent of Porsche SE like his older brother Ferdinand, will raise his clout at the Volkswagen group.
He joined VW group's supervisory board in 2009 after the Wolfsburg-based carmaker had turned the tables on Porsche in the sports-car maker's botched takeover of VW. Besides VW, Hans Michel Piech sits on the controlling panels of both Porsche SE and Porsche AG, the carmaker fully acquired by VW in 2012.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; additional reporting by Ilona Wissenbach; editing by Susan Thomas)
FILE PHOTO: A building belonging to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, the world's biggest generic drugmaker and Israel's largest company, is seen in Jerusalem February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
Israel-based Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration had approved its drug to treat chorea stemming from Huntington's disease, a fatal degenerative disorder.
Chorea is an abnormal, involuntary writhing movements disorder that occur in 90 percent of Huntington's disease patients at some point in the course of their illness.
The company said on Monday that the FDA approval was based on results from a late-stage study of the drug, Austedo, in reducing chorea in patients with Huntington's disease.
Huntington's disease is an inherited condition that causes the progressive breakdown of nerve cells in the brain, resulting in a gradual decline in motor control, cognition and mental stability.
Analysts forecast annual sales reaching $850 million by 2023 for Teva's Austedo, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Teva, the world's largest generic drugmaker, said on May 31 that approval for the drug had been held up by U.S. regulators seeking further blood study.
The company's stock was up 1.2 percent at $32.59 in U.S. extended trading on Monday.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
March 30 Euroseas Ltd:
* Euroseas Ltd announces decision to proceed with a newbuilding contract at a discounted purchase price for a fuel efficient kamsarmax drybulk carrier
* Euroseas Ltd - newbuilding contract addendum signed reduced remaining payments for vessel by more than 10% to $22.5 million
* Euroseas Ltd - vessel will have carrying capacity of 82,000 dwt, will be delivered to euroseas by June 2018
* Euroseas-Signed addendum to newbuilding contract with Jiangsu Yangzijiang Shipbuilding Co for Hull Number Yzj 1153, originally entered into in 2014 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Chinese workers unload a roll of tin plate at Baosteel plant on the outskirts of Shanghai November 20, 2003. REUTERS/Claro Cortes/File Photo
Li Xinchuang, president of the China Metallurgical Industry Planning and Research Institute, speaks during the 20th annual Global Iron Ore & Steel Forecast Conference in Perth, Australia, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Bunch
PERTH China's steel demand is expected to fall 1.9 percent this year, pressuring iron ore prices as production of the key steel-making ingredient increases, the head of a Chinese think tank said on Thursday.
Steel demand in China, the world's largest consumer and producer, is seen easing to 660 million tonnes, said Li Xinchuang, president of the China Metallurgical Industry Planning and Research Institute.
The drop comes as Beijing applies tough reforms to cut surplus production capacity.
"We think China's steel consumption will decrease step by step by step -- maybe increase some years, like last year. That's our situation," Li, who is also vice chairman of the China Iron and Steel Association, told an industry conference in Perth.
He said iron ore import demand in China had inched up 0.7 percent to 1.1 billion tonnes in 2016, with the country's dependence on imports at 87 percent of total demand.
The institute sees seaborne iron ore supply increasing by about 50 million tonnes this year, which is about 10 million tonnes more than forecast by world No. 2 iron ore miner Rio Tinto (RIO.AX)(RIO.L).
As a result, the institute predicts iron ore prices will range between $55 and $90 a tonne in 2017, averaging around $65.
"Unfortunately, with the fast increase of iron ore prices, China iron ore production increased 15 percent in the first two months," Li said.
Iron ore MYSTL-RIIOI-IMP is currently trading around $77.60, up nearly 40 percent from a year ago.
"What's the future? We think the oversupply of global iron ore is very serious for the long term," he said, but he added that China would still be heavily dependent on iron ore imports in the long term.
(Reporting by Aaron Bunch; Writing by Sonali Paul; Editing by Randy Fabi)
April 28 Australian Ethical Investment Ltd
* funds under management (fum) increased 7.2% to $1,973.4 million as at 31 March 2017, up from $1,841.0 million as at 31 december 2016.
* March 2017 was a record month for superannuation fund with net inflows of $32.1 million and record new members of 1,053
* In late april achieved milestone of $2 billion in fum; as at 24 april 2017, fum had increased to $2,007.7 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
KS2's HomeSalesOne offers homebuilders a cloud-based options and sales contract management system designed to improve the home buying experience, sell homes faster, reduce construction errors and maximize profit margins.
Contact
KS2 Technologies
***@ks2inc.com KS2 Technologies
End
-- KS2 Technologies, a Gold level member of Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN), today announced it has achieved Oracle Validated Integration of HomeSalesOne, v1.0 with JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.2 Homebuilder Management. HomeSalesOne provides a fully integrated Option and Sales Contract management system for Homebuilders running JD Edwards. It streamlines the home sales & configuration process for both the sales office and design center. It also automates and integrates lot and plan selections, decorative and structural option selections and preferences, option relationships and other business rules critical to a successful construction process.To achieve Oracle Validated Integration, Oracle partners are required to meet a stringent set of requirements that are based on the needs and priorities of the customers. With HomeSalesOne's JD Edwards integration, homebuilder sales activities are seamlessly integrated with Purchasing and other operations performed in JD Edwards. One of the key benefits with this integrated solution are a reduction in sales configuration and pricing errors."HomeSalesOne is the next generation solution for homebuilders looking for a Cloud-based Sales and Design Center Automation solution that fully integrates with JD Edwards – the preferred choice for large and growing homebuilders,"says Dan Shinedling, Jr., CEO of KS2 Technologies, Inc."Achieving Oracle Validated Integration gives our customers confidence that the integration between HomeSalesOne, v1.0 and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne 9.2 Homebuilder Management is functionally sound and performs as tested," said David Hicks, vice president, Worldwide ISV, OEM and Java Business Development, Oracle. "For solutions deployed on-premises, in the cloud, or both, Oracle Validated Integration applies a rigorous technical review and test process that helps to reduce deployment risk and improves the user experience of the partner's integrated offering."KS2 has been an Oracle Partner since 2007, helping dozens of JD Edwards clients with new installations, upgrades, enhancements, integrations and managed services. We specialize in EnterpriseOne and World for many industries including Homebuilding, Transportation, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing, Distribution, Construction, Land Development, Real Estate and more. KS2 is well known in the homebuilding industry for its innovative solutions for JD Edwards including, JDE implementation accelerators, integrations with leading scheduling tools, development of mobile & cloud apps for the sales office, and many other unique solutions for the homebuilding industry. You can learn more about KS2 Technologies at http://www.ks2inc.com
British Prime Minister Theresa May in the cabinet, sitting below a painting of Britain's first Prime Minister Robert Walpole, signs the official letter to European Council President Donald Tusk invoking Article 50 and the United Kingdom's intention to leave the EU on March... REUTERS/Christopher Furlong/Pool
On March 29 British Prime Minister Theresa May will trigger Britain's exit from the European Union by invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty.
It will start a two-year process of departure – and for now, we know little about what that will look like. When its members signed the Treaty in December 2007, no one could imagine circumstances in which a nation would leave.
On one extreme, Britain could crash out of the EU without any deals on trade, migration or other substantive issues. Or it could agree to a “hard Brexit”, regaining the right to limit EU migration within its borders, but losing access to the single market.
READ MORE: Barnier and Davis face off on Brexit mountain
Brexit might also break the United Kingdom apart, prompting Scotland and Northern Ireland to leave. Both voted overwhelmingly for “remain”, and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has made clear that the “harder” the Brexit, the more Scotland will push for a second independence referendum, even in the face of opposition from London.
Alternatively, things could barely change at all. Earlier this month, British officials were reportedly working on an interim deal that would lock current trade and migration rules in place for 10 years, extending the two-year exit path defined in Article 50.
That could have the advantage of avoiding economic shocks, perhaps even extending the process indefinitely. But it would infuriate many on both sides of the argument.
READ MORE: 'You can still stop Brexit,' EU lawmakers to tell Britons
May will ultimately determine how Brexit plays out. She is a canny operator who will likely be motivated by what she thinks is politically wise. But that's difficult to determine, not least because it's unclear what voters want.
A March 21 poll showed 44 percent of respondents would vote “leave” and the same portion “remain” if the referendum were held again tomorrow. Roughly 12 percent said they “don't know”. Those proportions have barely changed since last summer.
Some of the more fervent pro-Europeans – such as the thousands who protested Brexit on Saturday – still hope the decision can be overturned. Two thirds of “remain” voters now believe there should be a second referendum, a significant increase from December. But that seems unlikely, at least for now.
Infographic ID: '2o5MUVS'
Exactly what the prime minister thinks of Brexit is a matter of speculation among Britain's political class. Officially, she campaigned for “remain” – but members of that campaign say she was reluctant to take a significant role.
As home secretary, she embraced a tough stance on immigration, but because of Britain's EU membership had no control over arrivals from Europe. Now, she seems to believe – probably rightly – that a desire to reduce immigration to Britain was a prime motivator behind the “leave” vote.
It's a difficult balance. Britain's foreign workers – many of whom came from Europe after borders opened in 2004 – are vital to whole swathes of the economy, not the least public services such as healthcare.
There is a basic political calculation here. While only a limited majority of May's Conservative party voters chose “Brexit”, for years the Conservatives have been losing ground to the anti-EU United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP). With UKIP now suffering its own internal political crisis, May sees a chance to reverse that trend by embracing Brexit and winning back its supporters.
The problem, though, is that at the time of the referendum, Brexit meant different things to different people. The 52 percent of the population who chose it were expecting very different things – and some may be unhappy with whatever materializes.
May's preferred option – somehow limiting freedom of movement while maintaining access to free trade – is unlikely to be on the menu. European leaders say both are central to the European project, and Britain cannot have one without the other.
Those stances – like May's own, which has increasingly trended towards a relatively “hard Brexit” – are opening negotiating positions, and could change. The worry for Britain is that European leaders may wish to exert a high price for Brexit to deter other states from following in future.
The Scotland factor may also be crucial. No prime minister wants to be remembered as the one who broke the U.K., a possible incentive for May to water down Brexit to keep the Scots on board.
There are signs Brexit will be less disastrous than some anticipated. The nine-month period between the referendum and the triggering of Article 50 has mollified some of the more alarming predictions of economic collapse. The stock market remains buoyant and unemployment has fallen – although the weaker currency has boosted inflation and made life more expensive.
But the ongoing sense of uncertainty does real harm. Millions of people, particularly EU nationals living in Britain or British citizens abroad, are facing colossal uncertainty. The roughly 3 million Europeans in Britain must make decisions on jobs, housing, relationships and dozens of other things without any real clarity on where they will stand in as little as two years time.
The same is true for employers. Several firms – particularly those in the financial services sector – have signaled that they are considering moving jobs to mainland Europe, worried about losing market access.
May has never won an election and she does not intend to call one until Brexit is out of the way, most likely until 2020.
That leaves her running on a mandate from David Cameron. He won by pledging a once-in-a-lifetime EU referendum – but also promised that if the country chose to leave, it would be a disaster.
He delivered on the first. May will have to avoid delivering on the second.
(Peter Apps is Reuters global affairs columnist, writing on international affairs, globalization, conflict and other issues. He is founder and executive director of the Project for Study of the 21st Century; PS21, a non-national, non-partisan, non-ideological think tank in London, New York and Washington. Before that, he spent 12 years as a reporter for Reuters covering defense, political risk and emerging markets. Since 2016, he has been a member of the British Army Reserve and the UK Labour Party. @pete_apps)
(Adds source quotes, context)
By Tom Westbrook and Jonathan Barrett
SYDNEY, April 5 The reopening of Aurizon Holdings Ltd's Blackwater rail line, a key link between coking coal mines and export ports in cyclone-hit northeast Australia, will be delayed after suffering more water damage than expected, according to a source.
The Blackwater line was scheduled to re-open later this week and start replenishing global coking coal supplies after Cyclone Debbie hit the state of Queensland and disrupted haulage operations. The system transported more than 60 million tonnes of coal last year and services mines operated by BHP Billiton , Glencore PLC and Sojitz Corp, among others.
However, a mining company employee with operations on Aurizon's Blackwater line told Reuters that floodwaters were "running harder than predicted".
"Our understanding is the reopening of the rail line ... is likely to be early next week at best," said the source, who requested anonymity.
Aurizon did not immediately respond to questions from Reuters.
Queensland accounts for more than 50 percent of global seaborne coking coal supplies. The export disruptions there have led to huge price rises in the steel-making material and opened the door for rivals to cash in.
Coking coal futures on the Dalian Commodity Exchange, which was closed on Monday and Tuesday for a public holiday, jumped over 7 percent early on Wednesday to $197.80 per tonne, the highest level since December 2016.
China is the world's biggest importer of coking coal while Australia is the world's top exporter.
Blackwater is the second-busiest line servicing the Queensland coking coal industry and is the first scheduled to be brought back into operation.
The neighbouring Goonyella line is the worst affected, with landslides damaging tracks at a critical mountain pass.
Cyclone Debbie, which struck last week as a category four storm, one rung below the most damaging category five, has left a disaster zone stretching 1,000 km (600 miles) in Queensland, with subsequent flooding claiming at least six lives.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook and Jonathan Barrett in SYDNEY.; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
May 3 Nokian Tyres Plc
* acting CEO Andrei Pantioukhov tells conference call that the building of a new plant in the United States does not change the company's dividend outlook for the coming years, says Nokian has a solid financial position
* says in long term, Nokian would also need a new tyre plant in Central Europe: "to improve our business, in a couple of years we should discuss that option as well" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - New York Mortgage Trust Inc:
* NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST SAYS APPOINTED STEVEN R. MUMMA TO SERVE IN A TEMPORARY CAPACITY AS ACTING PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER - SEC FILING
* NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST INC SAYS APPOINTMENT MADE IN CONSIDERATION OF CO'S CFO, KRISTINE NARIO, TAKING TEMPORARY FAMILY MEDICAL LEAVE OF ABSENCE Source text: (bit.ly/2E00EXb) Further company coverage:
April 10Zhejiang Talent Television and Film Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 4 percent to 16.3 percent, or to be 8.5 million yuan to 9.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (8.2 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/p1Ezb7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Corrects day of the week in paragraph 1 to Wednesday)
DURBAN, South Africa May 3 Ecobank plans to close branches and cut jobs as the pan-African lender steps up investments in digital platforms, its chief executive said on Wednesday.
Ecobank's operations in nearly 40 countries across sub-Saharan Africa are exposed to some economies that have been pressured by the slide in commodity prices and unfavourable currency swings.
The bank, which counts South Africa's Nedbank and Qatar National Bank as shareholders, suffered a hefty $131 million pre-tax loss in 2016.
Speaking to Reuters on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum for Africa in Durban, Chief Executive Officer Ade Ayeyemi said the bank's plans to expand its mobile platforms would help deliver profits.
"This means reducing our branch network, using technology to deliver to customers and processing transactions centrally," said Ayeyemi. "We believe that this business model can deliver profitability to our shareholders."
The bank reported a pre-tax profit of $75 million in the first quarter of 2017 though that was still down 17 percent from a year earlier due to high bad loan provisions.
Ayeyemi, a former Citigroup executive in Africa who took over at Ecobank in 2015, said the expansion into online platforms would lead to lay offs. The bank employs more than 17,000 people.
Ayeyemi also said a recovery in oil prices in 2017, which would result in higher import revenues for African economies dependent on crude sales, was a positive for the bank.
Nigeria accounts for 40 percent of Ecobank's revenues and is in its second year of recession, as lower oil prices caused chronic dollar shortages that hurt businesses and households. (Reporting by Mfunko Toyana; editing by Tiisetso Motsoeneng and David Clarke)
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
WHAT WE KNOW
• State of emergency declared in Christchurch and Selwyn.
• One dead (helicopter pilot Steve Askin), up to seven or eight homes destroyed.
• Two or three houses reported destroyed in the Worsley Spur area, not 40 as previously reported by Civil Defence.
• The Nga Hau e Wha Marae is open to residents who have been evacuated.
• Reports of 1000 people evacuating, up to 400 forced to evacuate by authorities.
• Residents directed to evacuation centres.
• Several road closures.
• Police and the Defence Force are evacuating residents as required.
• A health warning has been issued for anyone suffering respiratory issues to contact their GP.
• The fires have merged into one huge blaze, which is threatening dense residential housing. The estimated area of the fire is now in excess of 1850ha and growing.
Listen live to Newstalk ZB tonight and into the morning for the latest updates
Wildfires continue to burn across Port Hills area in the South Island. Fire crews from around the region have been drafted in to fight the blaze which is in its third day and spreading to damage homes.
Continued below.
Related Content Christchurch residents opens their doors to Port Hills fire evacuees Photo Fire rips through the Port Hills Video Watch: Evacuations in fire-hit areas
Evacuations are happening in the following areas:
• Worsley Rd
• Hoon Hay Rd - from Cashmere Rd, and
• Kennedys Bush Rd - from Cashmere Rd.
• Dyers Pass Rd has also been evacuated from Sign of the Takahe
• Early Valley Rd
Road Closures:
• Cashmere Rd is closed west of Kaiwara St through to Kennedys Bush Rd.
• Worsleys Rd is closed
• Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed
• Kennedys Bush Rd is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track
• Worsleys Track from Worlseys Rd is closed
• Dyers Pass Rd is closed between Hackthorne Rd to Governors Bay Rd. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route
• Summit Rd is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track
• Old Tai Tapu Rd is closed between Osterholts Rd and Early Valley Rd
• Early Valley Rd is closed
• Holmes Rd is closed.
Power
Orion remains on full alert, with the rapidly changing fire posing a threat threat to power supply to the Port Hills and the greater city.
Health Advice
People have been told to stay indoors to avoid smoke inhalation.
Dr Alistair Humphrey, Canterbury Medical Officer of Health has advised that anyone suffer respiratory issues contact their GP.
"For the vast majority of people, the smoke will be unpleasant, but carries no risk to their health. However, smoke may irritate the eyes, nose, throat and airways. More serious symptoms include runny or sore eyes, dry or sore throat, sore nose, cough, tightness of the chest or difficulty breathing.
"In healthy people, most symptoms disappear soon after exposure to smoke ends and do not cause long-term health problems."
Cigarette smokers, the elderly, children and those with heart disease, asthma or other lung disease are at greatest risk of harm from smoke inhalation.
"Avoid exposure where possible by staying indoors and closing windows and doors," he says.
- NZ Herald
March 29 Avangardco Investments Public Ltd :
* Q4 consolidated revenue $79.6 million versus $53.7 million year ago
* Q4 net loss of $17.8 million versus $9.8 million year ago
* Q4 EBITDA of $11.3 million versus $12.9 million year ago
* FY 2016 net loss $56.6 million versus $158.4 million year ago
* Company expects gradual recovery in domestic demand to continue, helping to moderately drive growth in 2017
* Expects 20-30 pct growth in export sales - although this is reliant on the resumption of exports to the Middle East (particularly to Iraq) and the import ban being lifted in the near future Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO - The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co storefront is seen in Westminster, Colorado August 27, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
An insurance unit of Warren Buffett's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N) said it has sued Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT.O) to avoid having to cover asbestos-related injury claims that Goodyear said nothing about for seven years.
Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Co is seeking unspecified damages in its federal lawsuit filed on Wednesday in Akron, Ohio, where Goodyear is based.
Goodyear spokesman James Peate said the company does not discuss pending litigation.
Berkshire said Goodyear claimed to have in 2008 exhausted a policy from another insurer for the asbestos claims, but waited until November 2015 to seek reimbursement from Berkshire for "several millions of dollars" under an "excess" policy.
It also said Goodyear had never asked for help in defending against the claims prior to November 2015.
About 62,000 claims are pending against Goodyear in states including Florida, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania and Texas over alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products as floor tiles, furnace hoses, gaskets and heat shields, Berkshire said.
Many companies stopped using asbestos by the mid-1970s after it was linked to cancer and other diseases. The effects of exposure to the substance can take decades to surface.
Goodyear's excess policy, issued by Berkshire predecessor Stonewall Insurance, covers the period from July 1, 1976 to July 1, 1977, Berkshire said.
Berkshire is seeking a court declaration that it need not cover claims for Goodyear from 2008 to November 2015, and can recoup some money it has since paid on Goodyear's behalf.
Lawyers for the Berkshire unit did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance is a commercial property and casualty insurer created in 2013.
The unit is based in Omaha, Nebraska, like its parent, and led by Peter Eastwood, who had run American International Group Inc's (AIG.N) property and casualty businesses in the Americas.
The case is Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Co v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Ohio, No. 17-00714.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York, editing by G Crosse)
A global team of researchers finds evidence of hydrogen sulfide, a foul smelling gas usually occurring in rotten eggs, in the upper layers of clouds on Uranus.
"Even after decades of observations and a visit by NASA's Voyager 2 spacecraft, Uranus held on to one critical secret — the composition of its clouds," NASA said in press release on Tuesday.
The mystery was finally solved by the research published this week in Nature Astronomy journal.
The group of scientists, which included physicist Glenn Orton of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California, managed to detect the gas by analyzing reflected infrared light from Uranus. Their research was based on the data gathered by the giant Gemini North telescope in Mauna Kea, Hawaii.
Read more: Potentially livable planet found just 11 light years away
Meet the planets Our solar system Depending on who you ask, there are eight or nine planets in our solar system - some experts still count Pluto, while the International Astronomical Union (IAU) took away its planetary status in 2006. People were still excited when NASA presented the first high-res images of Pluto this week. Its neighbors all had their portrait taken as early as the 1960s.
Meet the planets Mercury The spacecraft Mariner 10 left for the planet closest to the Sun in 1973. It took this picture of Mercury's moon-like surface in March 1974. The planet's distance to the Sun varies between 28.5 million miles (46 kilometers) and 43.5 million miles (70 kilometers), because its orbit isn't a perfect circle. Scientists were surprised to discover that Mercury had a small magnetic field.
Meet the planets Venus Mariner 10 took this first close-up of Mercury's direct neighbor on February 5, 1974. The picture was color-enhanced by NASA to bring out Venus' cloudy atmosphere - the planet is perpetually blanketed by a thick veil of clouds rich in carbon dioxide. Mariner 10's journey to Venus was a rocky one: the spacecraft's high-gain antenna developed problems and a mechanical issue caused a large fuel-loss.
Meet the planets Earth The first full-on photo of our planet as seen from outer space was taken by Lunar Orbiter 1 in August 1966. That was three years before a human being had ever set foot on the Moon, which can be seen in the foreground of this picture as a shadow. The now-iconic photo was one of a series of pictures taken in preparation for the Apollo missions that would eventually put a human on the Moon.
Meet the planets Mars This close-up of Earth's neighbor is the first picture ever taken of another planet by a spacecraft. Mariner 4 snapped it on July 15, 1965. Scientists who had expected to see lakes, valleys and mountains were disappointed - instead of an Earth-like planet, they were treated to craters similar to those on the Moon. The New York Times wrote: "Mars is probably a dead planet."
Meet the planets Jupiter Spacecraft Pioneer 10 took the planet's first close-up from roughly 80,780 miles (130,000 kilometers) away on November 19, 1973. Jupiter is our solar system's largest planet. At its equator, Jupiter's diameter is a whopping 88,846 miles (142,984 kilometers). Its mass is two-and-a-half times larger than the masses of all other planets combined.
Meet the planets Saturn This first shot of the ringed planet was taken on Pioneer 10's follow-up mission, Pioneer 11, on August 31, 1979. It was a perilous adventure: as the spacecraft flew through Saturn's outer rings, it almost crashed into one of two new moons it discovered. Visible at the upper left-hand corner in this photo is Saturn's moon Titan.
Meet the planets Uranus One of the first glimpses scientists got of Uranus was of its rings. Voyager 2 took this shot of them in 1986. Scientists had to remote-fix the spacecraft's camera for it to be able to photograph the planet with the coldest atmosphere in our solar system (as low as -366 degrees Fahrenheit or -221 degrees Celsius). The device had malfunctioned while Voyager 2 was passing Saturn.
Meet the planets Neptune Voyager 2 also took the first picture of Neptune in August 1989. The planet has four cloud features that scientists know about. For those who don't count Pluto, Neptune is the planet in our solar system that's the furthest away from the sun: at an average of 2.8 billion miles (4.5 billion kilometers), that distance is 30 times greater than the one between the Sun and Earth.
Meet the planets Pluto The fact that Pluto is not officially a planet anymore didn't detract from the excitement scientists and lay-people all over the world experienced when NASA released this first close-up of the copper-colored (dwarf-) planet taken by New Horizons on July 13, 2015. The spacecraft traveled 3 billion miles (4.88 billion kilometers) to the solar system's farthest reaches for this shot. Author: Carla Bleiker
Team ammonia vs. team hydrogen sulfide
"We've strongly suspected that hydrogen sulfide gas was influencing the millimeter and radio spectrum of Uranus for some time, but we were unable to attribute the absorption needed to identify it positively," Orton said. "Now, that part of the puzzle is falling into place as well."
Scientists also suspect that clouds on Uranus' neighbor Neptune also contain hydrogen sulfide. This provides a "striking difference" from the other two gas planets, Jupiter and Saturn. Researchers detected ammonia above their clouds but not hydrogen sulfide, NASA said. Jupiter and Saturn are closer to the Sun than Uranus and Neptune.
"These differences in atmospheric composition shed light on questions about the planets' formation and history," NASA said in a press release.
Uranus is an 'unpleasant' place
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun and its diameter is about four times bigger than Earth. It was named by the Greek god Uranus, who was the father of Kronos and grandfather of Zeus in Greek mythology. Similar to Saturn, the planet has a ring system, but its rings are fainter and harder to spot.
Read more: Methane hurricanes may exist - liquid metal hurricanes are less likely
Conditions on the planet are hostile to humans, with the stench of hydrogen sulfide a relatively minor problem.
"If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions," says lead author of the research, Patrick Irwin of the University of Oxford. However, "[s]uffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius [392 degrees Fahrenheit] atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium and methane would take its toll long before the smell."
YANGON A top official from the U.N. children's fund (UNICEF) has sought the release of Rohingya children detained in a Myanmar army crackdown on the Muslim minority, the organisation's country representative said on Monday.
Children as young as 10 were among hundreds of Rohingya detained on charges of consorting with insurgents, Reuters revealed last month, citing a previously unreleased police document.
Thirteen juveniles were among more than 400 arrested since Oct. 9, when insurgents attacked three police border posts in northern Rakhine State near the frontier with Bangladesh, according to the March 7 document.
The attacks by a previously unknown insurgent group ignited the biggest crisis of leader Aung San Suu Kyi's year in power, prompting more than 75,000 Rohingya to flee the ensuing army crackdown to Bangladesh.
"The issue was discussed in high-level meetings and UNICEF felt encouraged that the issue was known to authorities, who spontaneously shared their concerns and willingness to take action," said Bertrand Bainvel, the UNICEF representative to Myanmar.
The body's deputy executive director, Justin Forsyth, discussed the children with Suu Kyi and army chief Min Aung Hlaing during his recent visit to the country.
There was no clear information on whether or when the children were likely to be released.
A United Nations report issued earlier this year said Myanmar's security forces had committed mass killings and gang rapes against Rohingya during their campaign against the insurgents, which may amount to crimes against humanity.
The military has denied the accusations, saying it was engaged in a legitimate counterinsurgency operation.
The United Nations agreed last month to send an international fact-finding mission to investigate the allegations. Myanmar has opposed the move.
The Southeast Asian nation has ratified international conventions that require additional protections for children accused of crimes.
Reuters was unable to establish whether all those provisions, such whether they have been able to communicate with their families or have legal representation, were being followed.
Domestic law says children between seven and 12 are only criminally responsible if mature enough to understand the consequences of their actions. Two listed detainees are under 12, while two are 13.
(Reporting by Antoni Slodkowski; Editing by Nick Macfie)
(Adds context, details, analyst comment)
GARLYK, Turkmenistan, March 31 Turkmenistan opened a $1 billion Belarussian-built potash plant on Friday, aiming to export 1.2 million tonnes of fertilisers to China and India per year as part of its drive to diversify away from natural gas exports.
The Central Asian nation has faced foreign-currency shortages after its gas exports were hit by declining prices and volumes, and the government is banking on the start of potash production and other projects to bolster the economy.
As a potash exporter, Turkmenistan will compete with its former Soviet overlord Russia, home to the world's biggest producer Uralkali, and Belarus, also a global player.
Belarussian companies built the plant and Minsk has said it will help Turkmenistan market the product.
Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko attended the opening ceremony in eastern Turkmenistan and said most of the plant's production would go to China and India - the world's biggest potash importers.
"This is Central Asia's biggest potash plant. One can confidently say it will produce 1.5 million tonnes a year," Lukashenko said, adding that Turkmen President Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov had told him about plans to build two more potash plants.
Uralkali said this month it expected global potash demand to rise by 1-2 million tonnes this year to between 62 million and 63 million tonnes, driven by China.
It was unclear when the new plant would reach production capacity and how much potash it would produce in 2017.
The plant was launched two years later than the original deadline, in part because the market for the crop nutrient has been hit by strong competition since 2013, when Uralkali quit a trading alliance with Belarusian potash producer Belaruskali.
Lukashenko said the project had encountered some technical difficulties but the issues had been resolved.
"Despite all the drawbacks, I think we have not let down the Turkmen people," he said, without elaborating on the nature of the technical problems.
Global potash producers are still suffering from strong competition, low prices for agricultural commodities and weak demand from India and China.
New potash production capacity is expected to be launched by Germany's K+S in Canada and by Russia-focused fertiliser producer Eurochem in Russia in 2017.
"We already see a crisis of overproduction in the sector. The new project will only strengthen the competition," said Oleg Petropavlovskiy at BCS Investment Bank.
Petropavlovskiy said potash from Turkmenistan might be interesting for spot markets in Southeast Asia and South America. He did not rule out that Turkmenistan could also sign a long-term supply contract with China.
Uralkali declined to comment. (Reporting by Marat Gurt; Additonal reporting by Polina Devitt in Moscow and Natalia Shurmina in Yekaterinburg; Writing by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Dale Hudson and Susan Fenton)
This week, Education Dive took a deeper look at higher ed retention in a special spotlight issue. Among those pieces were looks at the role of mobile apps in retaining students, as well as nine charts detailing the current state of retention and completion. Also in higher ed: Could Amazon have its eyes on the growing alternative credentialing business?
And with potential implications for all levels of the educational spectrum, President Donald Trump's first State of the Union address included a call for expanded vocational education opportunities.
Be sure to check out a quick look at how this year's flu season is hitting schools and districts in at least a dozen states and more in this week's most-read posts from Education Dive!
Would you like to see more education news like this in your inbox on a daily basis? Subscribe to our Education Dive email newsletter!
Cail will manage the process and strategy development of the company's Corporate Investment Banking Group, Valuation, Private Equity Team and Peak Advisors division.
Annika Cail
Contact
Krystal Morris, C. Pharr & Co for CSC
***@pharrpr.com Krystal Morris, C. Pharr & Co for CSC
End
-- Commerce Street Capital, LLC (http://www.commercestreetcapital.com/Root/commercestreet/index.asp) ("CSC"), a Dallas-based investment banking firm, is pleased to announce that Annika Cail has joined the firm as Vice President. In this role Cail will manage the process and strategy development for CSC's Corporate Investment Banking Group, Valuation Practice and Private Equity Team. She will also spearhead efforts to grow the company's Peak Advisors division, which provides quality retirement plan solutions for clients."We are pleased to welcome Annika to the team at Commerce Street," said Dory Wiley, President and CEO of CSC. "Her deep knowledge of business management for corporate and private equity transactions will be a valuable asset to our clients across multiple areas of our business."Prior to joining CSC, Cail was Director of Marketing and Business Development at 24Q, a Dallas-based management consulting company, advising clients on financial, cultural and talent aspects of human capital issues in corporate and private equity transactions. In this role she established a successful track record in corporate strategic advisory services that evaluated and executed client's options to grow, exit or reposition their business.Cail serves on the Board of Directors for the World Affairs Council of Dallas/Fort Worth ( https://www.dfwworld.org/ ) and Lee Park & Arlington Hall Conservancy ( https://www.leeparkconservancy.org/ ). She is also on the Leadership Council of the Junior League of Dallas (https://www.jld.net/), the Steering Committee of The Cary Council (https://swmedical.org/about-us/the-cary-council)and a member of the Cattle Barons Ball (https://www.cattlebaronsball.com/). Cail was selected by Modern Luxury Dallas (http://www.modernluxury.com/)as one of the 2017 Fresh Faces of Fashion and is a DIFFA (https://www.diffadallas.org/)Style Council Ambassador.Cail holds a Bachelor of Arts from The University of Missouri-Kansas City. She is also a registered financial representative and has passed the FINRA Series 7 and Series 66 examinations., (""CSC") (Member FINRA/SIPC) is a premier investment banking firm serving financial institutions and middle-market companies. CSC's broker/dealer services include: Mergers & Acquisitions, Recapitalizations, Private Placement of Debt & Equity, Regulatory Advisory, Valuations & Fairness Opinions, Community Bank Capital Markets Services, Small Business Investment Company ("SBIC") Fund Raising, Corporate & Real Estate Investment Management and Due Diligence Services.
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Grant Sinclair, nephew of Sir Clive Sinclair, who developed an electric tricycle in the 1980s, riding his invention, the Iris E-Trike electric tricycle, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
Grant Sinclair, nephew of Sir Clive Sinclair, who developed an electric tricycle in the 1980s, riding his invention, the Iris E-Trike electric tricycle, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
Grant Sinclair, nephew of Sir Clive Sinclair, who developed an electric tricycle in the 1980s, inside his invention, the Iris E-Trike electric tricycle, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
Grant Sinclair, nephew of Sir Clive Sinclair, who developed an electric tricycle in the 1980s, inside his invention, the Iris E-Trike electric tricycle, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
Grant Sinclair, nephew of Sir Clive Sinclair, who developed an electric tricycle in the 1980s, next to his invention, the Iris E-Trike electric tricycle, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
Grant Sinclair, nephew of Sir Clive Sinclair, who developed an electric tricycle in the 1980s, inside his invention, the Iris E-Trike electric tricycle, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
CHEPSTOW, WALES More than 30 years after his uncle spectacularly failed to get Britain moving in battery-powered tricycles, inventor Grant Sinclair is optimistic his updated version of the C5 will be a well ridden success.
Gone is the low seat, poor protection and white bath-like design that Clive Sinclair, who made his name as a famed innovator in the computer sector, was ridiculed for when he launched it in 1985 as the future of transport.
In its place is a three-wheeled Iris eTrike prototype, with an elevated seat, the look of a modern day cycling crash helmet and made from expanded polypropylene foam, a hardy substance used in model aircraft builds for its ability to absorb impacts.
"There's nothing else like this on the market. In terms of other e-bikes this is much lighter weight, and much safer because it's like sitting inside a large crash helmet," Grant Sinclair told Reuters.
Sinclair, 44, showed off the zippy 55 kilogram (121 pounds) one-seater vehicle in a ride over Old Town Bridge from England to Wales, riding ahead of a post van and then through a path in a local park.
The Iris has normal bicycle pedals and eight-speed race bike gearing, combined with a 250-watt electric motor with rechargeable battery pack that kicks in automatically once pedaling is detected. Recharging takes one hour.
Sinclair said his vehicle, which can reach speeds of upto 30 miles per hour (48 kph) and be ridden for up to 50 miles (80 km) with the motor, had grabbed the attention of three established manufacturers who were keen to mass produce it.
He is the third Sinclair to attempt to convince the world about eTrikes, with Clive's son Crispin failing two years ago with a design called Babel, which was unable to raise the required funds through crowdfunding.
The original C5 enjoyed millions of investment but managed minimal sales before it was discontinued, but Grant Sinclair is optimistic the world is now ready for e-Trikes.
"I think the C5 would have a much easier time these days because you have cycle paths everywhere," Sinclair said.
The Iris Trike will cost 3,999 pounds ($5,000) with first deliveries anticipated in late 2017.
(Writing by Patrick Johnston in London, Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, April 5 A European Union watchdog will cut an interest rate used to price liabilities at euro zone insurers such as Munich Re, AXA and Allianz , a step that could mean some firms having to hold more capital.
The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) said on Wednesday it would reduce the theoretical interest rate known as the ultimate forward rate (UFR), used to discount an insurer's liabilities over time.
Insurers have work out their liabilities from policies going forward up to 60 years, but there are no reliable euro market interest rates extending beyond 20 years, hence the need for regulators to compile an extrapolated rate covering the 40-year gap.
EIOPA is proposing to cut the UFR, currently set at 4.2 percent, to 3.65 percent over time from January next year. It would only be applied to liabilities denominated in euros.
The regulator said the annual change in the UFR would not be more than 15 basis points, meaning the UFR will fall in January to 4.05 percent from 4.2 percent.
Regulators believe a reduction would better reflect current historically low interest rates, and the impact will be to increase liabilities because the rate at which they are discounted is lower.
"This methodology strikes the right balance between a stable UFR and the need to adjust it in case of changes in long-term expectations about interest rates and inflation," EIOPA Chairman Gabriel Bernardino said.
"The methodology ensures that the UFR moves gradually and in a predictable manner, allowing insurers to adjust to changes in the interest rate environment and ensuring policyholder protection."
Higher liabilities could lower an insurer's solvency ratio, a closely-watched benchmark of overall health, forcing it to raise more capital to reassure investors.
Insurers say regulators should review the sector's solvency rules more broadly, rather than focus on changing just one number. (Editing by David Holmes)
A customer exits the Macy's flagship department store in midtown Manhattan in New York City, November 11, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Department store operator Macy's Inc (M.N) and Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD.N) have agreed to wind down operations of a tuxedo rental license agreement, the companies said on Wednesday.
Reservations at The Tuxedo Shops at Macy's will continue until June 1 and the operations will wind down by July 14, the companies said.
The initiative did not generate the revenue that both companies had envisioned, Tailored Brands Chief Executive Officer Doug Ewert said in a statement.
The agreement was signed between Macy's and Men's Wearhouse on June 9, 2015.
Men's Wearhouse said last year it would become Tailored Brands, a holding company that also includes brands such as Jos. A. Bank and K&G.
Tailored Brands, which had flagged concerns with the performance of the Macy's tuxedo business in its fourth-quarter earnings, said on Wednesday that it would record one-time charges of about $17 million related to the winding down, of which $2.5 million would be non-cash costs.
The company had recorded an asset impairment charge of $14 million in the fourth quarter related to fixed assets in the Macy's stores.
(Reporting by Karina Dsouza in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
(Refiles to fix Reuters Instrument Code for 10-year note in penultimate paragraph)
* Fed's Dudley says Fed may shrink balance sheet this year
* U.S. annual inflation rose most in five years
* Treasuries also supported by month-end buying
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, March 31 U.S. Treasury debt yields fell on Friday after a chorus of Federal Reserve officials questioned the need for a faster pace of interest rate increases given tame inflation and just modest growth in the U.S. economy.
Treasury prices, which move inversely to yields, were also supported by institutional investor buying to meet routine month-end and quarter-end portfolio adjustments, analysts said.
New York Fed President William Dudley, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari said on Friday they expect rate increases this year, but each struck a cautious tone about the U.S. economy. Investors are currently pricing in two more interest rate increases in 2017 after the Fed raised rates at its last policy meeting.
Dudley, who is also the vice chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee and a known supporter of low interest rates, said the Fed is not in a huge rush to tighten policy since the economy is not overheating. Bullard echoed the sentiment, as did Kashkari.
Jennifer Vail, head of fixed income of The Private Client Reserve, at U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon said the Fed officials' remarks, specifically from Dudley and Bullard, helped pushed yields lower.
"When Dudley speaks, given his role in the FOMC, it kind of eclipses many of the other folks that speak in the marketplace," said Vail.
All three officials also pushed for shrinking the Fed's balance sheet, with Dudley saying the Fed could actually do so this year, earlier than what most economists have expected.
Comments on shrinking the balance sheet, which Dudley said was tantamount to raising rates, steepened the yield curve, after a flattening trend the last two weeks.
The gap between the yields of shorter-dated and longer-dated Treasuries widened on Friday, with the spread between the two-year and 10-year notes rising to as much as 115.10 basis points, the steepest in a week.
Shrinking the balance sheet typically leads to a steeper yield curve. Allowing Treasury bonds and notes to roll off without replacing them with new ones while keeping the fed funds rate relatively low, would cause long-term rates to rise sharply while putting a lid on short-term rates.
U.S. economic data on Friday, meanwhile, was a mixed bag, with the rise in year-on-year inflation to a nearly five-year high, a stronger-than-expected factory activity in the U.S. Midwest and easing consumer sentiment for March.
The report backed the Fed's view that the U.S. economy is growing at a steady, but not a rapid pace.
In late trading, U.S. 10-year notes were up 6/32 in price to yield 2.396 percent, compared with 2.418 percent on Thursday.
U.S. two-year note yields were at 1.257 percent, down from 1.286 percent late on Thursday. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
JERUSALEM Israel's transport minister proposed on Wednesday linking its freight railway network with Jordan and Saudi Arabia and said he presented the idea to U.S. President Donald Trump's Middle East envoy last month.
Under the proposal, goods could travel by rail from Israel's Mediterranean port of Haifa through Jordan to Saudi Arabia's Gulf port of Dammam via Jordan.
Yisrael Katz, who also serves as Israel's intelligence minister, declined at a news conference to say whether Arab states had agreed to join his initiative.
After Syria's civil war began in 2011, Israel opened its Haifa port as a conduit for goods coming from Turkey and Europe to be trucked to Arab countries further east, but traffic has been limited due to small capacity and political opposition.
A railway connection would formalise links across tense borders. Israel, which has fought three wars with its Arab neighbours, has peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, but not with Saudi Arabia.
Katz, a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's right-wing Likud party, told reporters Trump's envoy Jason Greenblatt expressed enthusiasm about the plan during his regional visit.
"I have already started working ... I am in touch with very senior elements in the U.S. administration," said Katz, who has said he intends to eventually succeed Netanyahu as Likud leader.
Katz said he did not believe a rail route would make a serious dent in the high volume of commercial traffic through Egypt's Suez canal linking the Mediterranean to the Red Sea.
Israel has spoken in recent years of the possibility of a "new horizon" with Sunni Arab states in the region, including Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Jordan and the Gulf.
In part the goal of closer ties would be to act as a bulwark against Iran's spreading influence in the region, but there is also the possibility of increased trade and business, including with countries that may not officially recognise Israel, like Saudi Arabia.
Katz said his plan could also give the Palestinians far greater ability to export goods from the occupied West Bank to the Arab world. Palestinians say Israel's control of that border has limited their trade prospects.
Katz said only a short length of track was needed to link Israel and the northern West Bank near a Jordan River crossing with Jordan.
"If the Palestinians connect to a railway system, the entire area will get a significant economic boost," he said.
Jordanian officials were not immediately available for comment on the proposal.
Katz, who has held the transportation portfolio under Netanyahu since 2009, has proposed building an island off the coast of the Hamas Islamist-run Gaza Strip that would house an airport and seaport to serve the Palestinians.
Israel maintains a naval blockade of the Gaza Strip, citing security concerns, and tightly regulates the overland passage of goods and people through its border with the territory.
Egypt, at odds with Hamas, keeps its frontier with the enclave largely closed.
(Editing by Jeffrey Heller and Janet Lawrence)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
(Corrects bullet to show Alphabet, not Apple, hit record high)
* Q1 GDP up 0.7 pct vs. est. increase of 1.2 pct
* Amazon, Alphabet rise after results beat expectations
* Starbucks falls after cutting profit forecast
* All three major indexes on track to end the month higher
* Futures: Dow up 22 pts, S&P up 1 pt, Nasdaq off 4 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
April 28 U.S. stocks looked set to open little changed on Friday after data showed the economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter, while investors remained cautious due to simmering tensions between North Korea and the United States.
Data showed gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate, below the 1.2 percent rise estimated by economists, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less on inventories.
The economy grew at a pace of 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter.
Still, the Nasdaq Composite is on track to post gains for the sixth straight month, after closing at a record high on Thursday, following stellar earnings from index heavyweights.
Amazon rose 3.4 percent at $949.80 in premarket trading, while Google's parent Alphabet gained 4.1 percent to $927.40 after their quarterly results beat estimates.
The S&P and the Dow were also on track to end the month higher as the first-quarter corporate earnings season continued to impress.
Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 12.4 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
While strong earnings have kept the market at or near record levels, persistent geopolitical tensions in North Korea and Syria have weighed on investors' minds.
President Donald Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
"While we had some strong tech earnings last night, the market is taking a cautious attitude towards Trump's comments on North Korea and other geopolitical concerns," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York.
Dow e-minis were up 22 points, or 0.11 percent, with 17,937 contracts changing hands at 8:35 a.m. ET (1235 GMT).
S&P 500 e-minis were up 1 points, or 0.04 percent, with 94,647 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 4 points, or 0.07 percent, on volume of 22,534 contracts.
University of Michigan's consumer sentiment data for April is expected at 10 a.m. ET and will likely remain unchanged at 98.0 from a month ago.
Qualcomm fell 3.8 percent to $51.15 after it said Apple decided to withhold royalty payments to its contract manufacturers that are owed to the chipmaker until a legal dispute between the companies is resolved. Apple was up marginally at $143.95.
Starbucks fell 4.1 percent to $58.76 after the world's biggest coffee chain cut its full-year profit target.
Intel was down 3 percent at $36.30, while Microsoft was little changed at $68.26 after the two companies reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
HONG KONG, March 31 Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone maker Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said on Friday it is targeting a net profit margin of 7 percent going forward, adding that its carrier business growth rate will slow in 2017.
Huawei Chief Executive Eric Xu was speaking on Friday after the company said that net profit edged up just 0.4 percent last year, its slowest annual growth since 2011. (Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree)
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Hundreds of tourists in New Zealand were left stranded on Friday after a strong storm damaged roads, uprooted trees and felled power lines.
Former Tropical Cyclone Fehi this week has brought heavy rain that flooded the southern city of Dunedin and west coast town of Buller, forcing authorities to declare a state of emergency and ask people not to travel by road.
New Zealand authorities said the adverse weather has damaged a major road around Haast, 426 km (265 miles) northwest of Dunedin, leaving hundreds of tourists stranded in the town.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“There are at least 600 tourists in Haast and we are undertaking a welfare assessment of their needs,” Westland District Council said in an emailed statement.
Authorities said work on repairing the damage was underway but were unable to say when the tourists would be able to see the small costal town.
New Zealand's weather forecaster Metservice said on Friday the storm was moving southeast, providing some relief to the country's west coast, which has been the hardest hit by the heavy rain and strong winds.
DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) — The families of two people killed in the September crash of a Duke Life Flight helicopter in rural northeastern North Carolina have filed a lawsuit against the makers of the helicopter and its engines and the estate of the pilot.
The lawsuit contends that a combination of pilot error and a known problem with the engines contributed to the crash, which killed all four people aboard the flight.
The families of Mary Susan White Bartlett, the patient on the flight, and Kristopher Harrison, a flight nurse, are the plaintiffs.
The pilot, Jeffrey Burke, died in the crash, as did flight nurse Crystal Sollinger, whose family and estate are not involved in the lawsuit.
“All evidence points to a blocked engine drain line,” said the plaintiff's attorney, Gary C. Robb, in a news release.
Robb is a Missouri-based expert in helicopter-related litigation.
Robb said the plaintiffs believe the blocked line led to an engine fire, and then engine shutdown. He said a crash in January 2017 first brought the engine problem to regulatory and company officials' attention.
The FAA released a bulletin describing the engine problem last month, specifically referencing both the South Dakota crash and the North Carolina crash.
“This was absolutely a preventable crash,” Robb said in the news release.
The suit also contends that Burke, the pilot, should have continued forward flight and executed an autorotation landing maneuver.
A National Transportation Safety Board preliminary report days after the Sept. 8 crash said witnesses saw dark smoke streaming from the helicopter before it crashed in a field.
The French engine maker Safran, and the European helicopter company, Airbus Helicopter, as well as their American distributors, are named in the suit. None of them immediately responded to requests for comment.
BRASILIA, April 28 Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petróleo Brasileiro SA said on Friday that a nationwide general strike had no significant impact on its oil output.
Unions across Brazil halted public transportation and blocked highways in major cities to protest President Michel Temer's pro-market measures to relax labor laws and cut pension benefits. (Reporting by Marta Nogueira; Writing by Alonso Soto; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
Temperatures hit an icy -5c in Harrogate this morning as Harrogate drivers - and buses - slowed to a crawl in the coldest day of winter so far.
Despite lighter traffic with some schools having already broken up in town for Christmas, the major roads into the town centre were still clogged up as traffic took a cautious approach on icy roads.
The congestion effected buses, too, and The Harrogate Bus Company posted that some of its most popular services - our 1A, 1B and 1C buses - were experiencing delays.
Harrogate temperatures have now risen to 0c but are expected to fall back this afternoon from 4pm.
Overnight temperatures locally tonight into Tuesday will drop to -2C and tomorrow will be another cold day, though, perhaps, a smidgen warmer than of late.
There may have been very minor snow flurries in Harrogate yesterday, Sunday, but the good news for drivers is that snow is not forecast at all this week.
Two anti-abortion activists were charged in California with filming Planned Parenthood workers without their consent while the pair posed as representatives of a fake company seeking to buy fetal tissue, prosecutors said.
David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt were charged with 15 felonies on Tuesday on suspicion of illegally filming the healthcare workers in Los Angeles, San Francisco and El Dorado counties from October 2013 to July 2015, State Attorney General Xavier Becerra said in a statement.
"The right to privacy is a cornerstone of California's Constitution, and a right that is foundational in a free democratic society," Becerra said. "We will not tolerate the criminal recording of confidential conversations."
Daleiden said by telephone on Wednesday that he had done nothing wrong because the recordings were not confidential.
"The conversations that we secretly recorded were in open areas and in public areas where people could overhear," he said. "In fact, they did overhear."
Daleiden, who runs the California-based nonprofit Center for Medical Progress, said he had not been arrested and that his legal team was working on a response to the charges.
Merritt could be reached for comment.
Daleiden and Merritt created false identities and BioMax Procurement Services, a phony company that purported to be a buyer of fetal tissue, according to the complaint.
They then posed as BioMax representatives at conferences hosted by Planned Parenthood, the National Abortion Federation and other women's healthcare providers, the complaint said.
While at the meetings, Daleiden and Merritt secretly filmed conversations with health care workers, the complaint said.
Several videos that were released by the Center for Medical Progress in 2015 purported to show Planned Parenthood employees discussing the sale of aborted fetal tissue, which is illegal in the United States if done for a profit.
Among them was a video recorded at a Houston-area Planned Parenthood office. In January 2016, a grand jury in Harris County, Texas, cleared the local Planned Parenthood affiliate of wrongdoing and indicted Daleiden and Merritt for using fake driver's licenses to gain access to that facility.
Prosecutors later dismissed the case, however, saying they could not adequately investigate under state law.
Planned Parenthood said Tuesday's charges against Daleiden and Merritt sent "a clear message."
"You can't target women and health care providers without consequences," the organisation said on Twitter.
(Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee and Laila Kearney in New York; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Lisa Von Ahn)
Sitting in his car outside a boarded-up house on a recent Saturday morning, Michael Hayes went through the mental checklist of things he does to make sure suspicious people know he is an enterprising young real estate investor, not a burglar or a drug addict.
He readied his business cards. He grabbed a sign with his business website and phone number to plant in the front yard of the brick house on Douglass Avenue.
He queued up the contract that the homeowner signed allowing Hayes to go inside and take pictures for potential investors. He even had the owner on the phone as he worked one of the boards loose. And, as always, he exhibited a polite and respectful demeanour to anyone he met.
None of it was enough.
Advertisement
Before that afternoon was over, Hayes - a 31-year-old father, former teacher and an entrepreneur with a growing portfolio of rehabbed homes for sale - would have to justify his presence to a screaming neighbour and the police officers summoned to the scene.
He had committed no crime, and the police did not arrest him. But many of the millions of people who saw the video he recorded of the conflict say his transgression wasn't what he did, but who he is: He was real estate investing while black.
"You know why the lady called the police on me," he said, looking directly into the camera. "I don't look threatening."
In recent weeks, a host of viral videos have shown black Americans engaged in innocuous activities that led to emergency calls.
On May 12, a group was questioned by a state trooper while picking up litter on a Pennsylvania highway. Four days earlier, a Yale University student was interrogated by police after her dorm neighbour called the police because she was napping in a common area. And a week before that, a neighbour reported a burglary in progress as a group of black women left their Airbnb in Rialto, California.
The incidents have given rise to the hashtag #livingwhileblack and often end with a black person being interrogated by police or being carted off in handcuffs. In the worst cases, the incidents have escalated to body slams or even gunshots.
Starbucks has planned to shut down 8000 US stores to engage employees in discussions about racial bias after a manager at a Philadelphia Starbucks last month called police on two black men who were waiting for a friend before ordering. A viral video shot by another customer showed police removing the men in handcuffs.
Last week, NAACP President Derrick Johnson accused US President Donald Trump of encouraging the trend, saying there is "a direct relationship between the racist language and policies emerging from the White House and the growing number of hate crimes and blatant attacks on the humanity of black people."
While cellphone videos have raised the profile of such incidents, they're not a new phenomenon: In 2009, Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates was arrested after a neighbour saw him attempting to enter his own home when he was locked out.
President Barack Obama, who would later hold what some called "a beer summit" with Gates and the arresting officer, said he didn't know whether race played a role in the incident. But, he added, "There's a long history in this country of African Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately."
When they have spoken publicly, the emergency callers and responding police departments typically have denied that their suspicion was racially motivated.
Tiffiany Albert said race played no role in her decision to confront Hayes, the black real estate investor. Albert, who identifies as Spanish and has a black boyfriend, said her reaction was reasonable, given crime in the neighbourhood.
Phillip Goff, president of the Centre for Policing Equity, a nonprofit that promotes police transparency and accountability, said that many people see the police as more than just instruments for enforcing the law. They use them as enforcers of unwritten social rules, which can be steeped in discriminatory thinking.
"The issue is that, for many folks, law enforcement has been seen as their own racism valet," Goff said.
"We talk about not just crime, we talk about disorder - anything that makes folks feel uncomfortable or says that the social norms that we've all agreed to are being violated," he said. "And the problem is that black skin frequently violates the social order."
May 2 L'Oréal Sa:
* L'Oréal USA says SalonCentric has agreed to acquire key assets from Four Star Salon Services
* Acquisition will align Four Stars' field sales and stores with SalonCentric's field sales and store network
* 11 stores and various field positions that service approximately 3,500 salons included in the transaction
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Steve Siu, Chief Information Officer of OOCL: "We expect to save around $10 million in operation costs annually by applying AI research and techniques for optimizing shipping network operations"
APRIL 24, 2018 — Hong Kong headquartered Orient Overseas Container Line Limited (OOCL) and Microsoft Research Asia are partnering in applying Artificial Intelligence (AI) research to improve network operations and achieve efficiencies within the shipping industry.
"Microsoft has been committed in providing cutting-edge AI solutions for companies across different industries to help drive digital transformation," said Cally Chan, General Manager of Microsoft Hong Kong. "With our Intelligent Cloud and Intelligent Edge vision, we are partnering with selected top customers worldwide to accelerate the adoption of AI innovations into products and solutions that can be applied in real business contexts. The partnership between MSRA and OOCL demonstrates our strong progress in revolutionizing the shipping industry."
OOCL has always been a pioneer in leveraging technology to make a real business impact and accelerate customer value. It has a talent base of over 1,000 developers located in San Jose, Hong Kong, Zhuhai, Shanghai and Manila. It has fully embraced a hybrid cloud infrastructure with auto-switching and auto-scaling throughout its businesses and machine learning for several years.
OOCL currently processes and analyzes over 30 million vessel data every month. By leveraging AI technology and machine learning, the company develops predictive analytics on vessel schedules and berth activities.
"With MSRA's efforts and expertise, we expect to save around $10 million in operation costs annually by applying the AI research and techniques for optimizing shipping network operations from our most recent 15-week engagement," said Steve Siu, Chief Information Officer of OOCL. "Moving forward, we will embark on an 18-month joint-partnership in research and development to apply deep learning and reinforcement learning in shipping network operations. Moreover, MSRA will assist us in training over 200 AI engineers by conducting machine learning and deep learning sessions at the Hong Kong Science Park over the next 12 months. "
"MSRA is devoted to seeking broad and deep engagement opportunities with academic communities and vertical industries, in order to promote collaboration, cultivate innovation, advance education, and turn ideas into reality," said Dr. Hsiao-Wuen Hon, Corporate Vice President of Microsoft, Chairman of Microsoft's Asia-Pacific R&D Group, and Managing Director of Microsoft Research Asia. "Microsoft's AI offering is a combination of technology, business model and user experience. Shipping network operations involve multiple parties and variables that can change at any moment. Embracing AI is a complex business challenge in digital transformation. MSRA's AI research experts have joined forces with OOCL to optimize its existing shipping operations using deep and reinforcement learning, an R&D area that needs top AI researchers and domain experts for business impact validation."
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
BRASILIA Brazil's manufacturing activity improved in April for the first month since January 2015, a private survey showed on Tuesday, underscoring expectations of a gradual recovery from the country's deepest recession on record.
The Purchasing Managers' Index BRPMIM=ECI compiled by research firm Markit rose to a seasonally adjusted 50.1 in April from 49.6 in March. Readings above the 50 threshold indicate improving business conditions for manufacturers.
Output and new orders rose for a second straight month, encouraging companies to increase purchases of raw materials. The improvement was led by the domestic market as new export orders decreased, Markit said in a report.
Official data have also showed signs of a tentative recovery in industrial output, which returned to 2009 levels after a three-year-long downturn. The national statistics agency last month said the worst seemed to be over for the sector.
"Brazil's manufacturing industry kept itself in positive ground during April," Markit economist Pollyanna De Lima said.
"Even so, manufacturers seem a way off from operating at full capacity," she added, noting that manufacturers continued to cut jobs last month.
Economists forecast Brazil's industrial output to grow 1.4 percent and gross domestic product to expand 0.4 percent in 2017, according to a weekly central bank survey. Brazil's GDP fell more than 3 percent in each of the past two years.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Several women who protect the Las Vegas Valley every day were thanked for their service.
FOX5's Monica Jackson hosted the "Wonder Women of Metro" event at Fashion Show Mall Thursday.
The luncheon honored female metro police officers. It was a chance to talk about the unique challenges of being a woman in law enforcement, or any field.
“This really is a time where women are able to speak up, we're intelligent, we're powerful, we know what we're doing, this truly is our time to be equal in our communities," an attendee said.
Women represent nine percent of metro's force. The department said next year they expect to see more women join.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats Sunday story with no changes)
* Ethical investments rise to $23 trln globally
* Paris climate accord, Trump election behind recent surge
* No set criteria for ethical investments
* Critics say marketing departments 'greenwash' products
* Ethical funds typically charge higher fees
By Cecile Lefort and Jonathan Barrett
SYDNEY, April 2 Investors are ploughing ever more into ethical funds to back their views on issues such as global warming and gender equality, but such investments can be confusingly similar to standard funds, except for higher fees and 'green halo' marketing.
The $23 trillion "sustainable, responsible and impact" (SRI)investment sector has received a rush of money since the Paris climate agreement and, more recently, in protest against U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash environmental regulations.
Europe is the dominant region for such investments, with $12.04 trillion, followed by the United States, with $8.72 trillion, while Asia lags some way behind.
U.S. investors have poured $1.8 billion into actively managed U.S. equity funds in the socially responsible category from November to January, according to Lipper data, while other funds saw a net outflow of $133 billion.
Even in fossil-fuel-rich Australia and New Zealand, SRI investment rose from $148 billion to $516 billion between 2014 and 2016, and from $729 billion to $1.09 trillion in oil-rich Canada, according to the Global Sustainable Investment Review released on Monday.
Gavin Goodhand, a portfolio manager at Sydney-based Altius Asset Management, said the company's sustainable bond fund tripled shortly after the 2015 climate accord, where nearly 200 countries signed up to measures designed to curb greenhouse gas emissions.
"The Paris conference was the line in the sand for many of our retail customers, particularly the millennial generation, who want to do the right thing for the environment," said Goodhand.
GREENWASH MARKETING
Governments are also tapping the trend, selling green bonds to fund projects such as wind farms or low-carbon transport, with Poland, France and Nigeria making their debut this year.
Some managers, however, are sceptical.
"While environmental, social and governance factors should always factor into investment decisions, this is largely a marketing exercise," said Steve Goldman, a global portfolio manager at Sydney-based Kapstream Capital, which has A$10 billion ($7.6 billion) of fixed-income assets.
Goldman said Kapstream did not have a responsible investment fund because its clients had not asked for it.
The bond market does not have commonly agreed standards or criteria for what constitutes a green bond, and there is no guarantee the proceeds actually go to the low-carbon project as claimed.
There are similar concerns over equity products.
Stuart Palmer, head of ethics research at Australian Ethical Investment, said there was a danger that some marketing departments would "greenwash" their products to lure investors into funds that were little different to standard products.
"The concern is, do they represent real change, or are they a marketing exercise?" said Palmer.
FEE PREMIUM
There are no agreed definitions on what is considered ethical, sustainable and socially responsible, but ethical investors are typically expected to cough up higher fees.
For example, retail investors pay more than a third higher fee for the sustainability and ethical funds at Sydney-based BT Investment Management (BTIM) than for its standard share fund equivalent.
The three funds hold six or seven of their top-weighted stocks in common, including major banks Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Westpac Banking Corp, National Australia Bank and miner BHP Billiton , according to December filings.
A BT spokeswoman did not return requests for comment.
For investors, it can be a minefield.
"I find it difficult as a consumer to do the due diligence I would like to do because even the ethical funds are not always totally transparent about what they define as ethical," said retail investor Meraiah Foley, a Sydney academic.
"One of the ethical funds I have invests very heavily in retail banks in Australia, and those banks themselves may be underwriting projects that the fund itself would not invest in."
Individual stock picks can prove controversial.
Australian fund manager Perennial Investment Partners had a long position in building company James Hardie in its socially responsive trust before the fund was sold in 2015, despite huge liabilities stemming from Hardie's history of manufacturing asbestos products. Perennial and Hardie declined to comment.
An early Australian adopter of SRI principles, the A$10 billion Local Government Super (LGS), holds a position in retailer Woolworths, the country's biggest slot machine operator, which would put it beyond the pale for investors who avoid stocks that profit from gambling.
LGS head of sustainability Bill Hartnett said Woolworths met the manager's SRI guidelines.
"If Woolworths had more than 10 percent of their revenue in gambling, we would get rid of them. We are true to label, but it's under 10 percent," said Hartnett.
Woolworths did not immediately return a request for comment.
There is also no standard practice on what to do when an existing fund stock breaches a manager's policies. Some investment managers will sell, but others argue they can influence behaviour by retaining their shareholding.
"We believe in engagement rather than divestment," said Sam Sicilia, chief financial officer at the A$22 billion pension fund Hostplus.
"When you sell a share in a 'bad' company, it's a transfer of ownership and does nothing to the company that's causing the issue, so divestment does not really work." ($1 = 1.3082 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Cecile Lefort and Jonathan Barrett in SYDNEY; Additional reporting by David Randall in NEW YORK, and Simon Jessop and Nina Chestney in LONDON; Editing by Will Waterman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OTTAWA Canada needs a single federal authority to assess the potential impact of major projects such oil pipelines and mines, a move that could help quell environmental protests, an official panel said on Wednesday.
Responsibility for examining the potential impact of projects on federally-regulated land in Canada is shared between three separate entities, a much-criticised system that the Liberal government says the public does not trust.
Protracted protests last year forced Ottawa to veto one major pipeline from Alberta's oil sands to the Pacific Coast and are dragging out study of another line to the Atlantic.
The panel called for the creation of an independent federal Impact Assessment Authority, which would pay more attention to both the long-term implications of a project and the views of aboriginal populations.
"If there is trust in the authority conducting the impact assessment, the outcome is more likely to be considered fair and thus be accepted by all parties, even if their particular positions do not win the day," the panel concluded.
Critics are particularly unhappy that oil and gas projects are assessed by the National Energy Board (NEB), which is also the federal energy regulator. The panel said some people feel the board was biased towards the industry.
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna, who appointed the four-person panel last year, told reporters she would take the recommendation to create a single assessment body seriously.
Reuters reported last year that the Liberal government would consider stripping the NEB of sole oversight for new projects as part of reforms it hopes to have in place by 2018.
Canada needs to get its landlocked crude to its east and west coasts to avoid pipeline bottlenecks that leave Canadian oil trading at a discount.
Even if the new body were created it would have little immediate impact on the energy sector. McKenna says existing projects, such as TransCanada Corp's proposed Energy East pipeline from Alberta to the Atlantic Coast, will be assessed by the NEB under current rules.
The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, the main energy industry umbrella group, largely welcomed the idea of a single assessment body.
"Transparency in decision-making, evidence-based (conclusions), those are things we absolutely agree with," CAPP executive vice-president Terry Abel said by phone.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren; editing by Grant McCool)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Pointe Claire, Quebec (webnewswire) December 11, 2017 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, has announced a new global distribution agreement with Indium Corporation.
Indium is a premier material supplier to the global electronics, semiconductor, thin film, thermal management, and solar markets. Their products include solders and fluxes, brazes, thermal interface materials, sputtering targets, indium, gallium, germanium, tin metals, and inorganic compounds.
Robert Miller, President of Future Electronics, thanked his team for their efforts in finalizing the new distribution agreement, which will further expand the company's products, services, and solutions for its global customer base.
Robert Miller founded Future Electronics in 1968, and the company currently ranks third in component sales worldwide.
For more information about Future Electronics and access to the world's largest available-to-sell inventory, including industry-leading products from Indium Corporation, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as providing differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®.
For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
Bay of Plenty kiwifruit growers are reaping the benefits of a booming industry following the introduction of a new variety.
ANZ released a special report on Friday that stated kiwifruit sales rose by $694m from the 2015/16 season to 2016/17.
Tauranga's Aongatete Coolstore managing director, Allan Dawson, said the statistics spoke for themselves.
"It's been a huge growth spurt, and it's really on the back of the new SunGold variety, and we've seen the values of orchards and licences for SunGold skyrocket over this time," Dawson said.
Advertisement
The kiwifruit sector took a big hit when the Psa bacteria ripped through Bay of Plenty orchards in 2010/11. The advent of a new Psa-resistant gold cultivar, Gold3, or SunGold, has been credited with driving a recovery in the sector.
Just before the Psa outbreak, Zespri had luckily come up with two new Kiwifruit varieties - Gold 9 and Gold 3.
Gold 3 had enough tolerance of the virus to be able to thrive.
Dan Mathieson (pictured) was appointed chief executive of Zespri near the end of last year. Photo/File
In the Bay of Plenty, in some cases, orchard valuations have doubled from pre-Psa levels. Green orchards are currently valued in the $300,000-$450,000 per hectare range and SunGold orchards in the $700,000-$1 million per hectare range.
"Clearly it's been successful across the board. SunGold is a variety that is tolerant to Psa and produces well. it's relatively easy to grow, and we've been obtaining a premium for it in the market, so the financial returns have been really good," Dawson said.
ANZ commercial and agribusiness managing director Mark Hiddleston said the success of the kiwifruit sector was remarkable.
"It has continued to invest in new varieties while staying connected to consumer demand and has worked hard to keep international markets alive," he said.
Zespri chief grower and alliances officer Dave Courtney said the company's goal was to more than double global sales to $4.5 billion by 2025, while maintaining strong returns to New Zealand growers.
"Achieving this ambitious growth means an additional 6,500ha of SunGold in NZ and around 8,000ha offshore, as well as large-scale investment in postharvest infrastructure, as outlined in ANZ's report," Courtney said.
Courtney acknowledged there were risks to the growth.
"These include markets not developing as quickly as planned, market access issues, taste performance, significant supply fluctuations, non-tariff barriers and biosecurity incursions," he said.
New Zealand Kiwifruit Growers chief executive Nikki Johnson said the impact of Psa-V on the kiwifruit industry was significant and, at the time, the path forward was unclear.
"The recovery has been better than expected, with the arrival of the highly successful SunGold variety and the stability of the Hayward variety providing both the opportunity to recover and expand the industry," she said.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
LONDON Proposed reforms of the English FA are a missed opportunity that will make no real change and could end up as a "fudged compromise", former chairman David Bernstein said on Wednesday.
Bernstein, 73, was one of five former executives who last year signed a letter that described the world's oldest soccer federation as an outdated institution held back by "elderly white men".
British Sports Minister Tracey Crouch warned in February that the FA was in danger of losing 30 million pounds ($37.29 million) of public funding and that legislation could be brought in to force change.
The FA subsequently proposed reducing its board from 12 to 10 members and increasing the number of women on it to three by 2018.
Nobody will be allowed to serve more than three terms of three years and 11 new members will be added to the 120-strong FA Council "to ensure it better reflects the inclusive and diverse nature of English football".
"I don't think they have done enough," Bernstein, who was FA chairman between 2011 to 2013, told Reuters at a Cogress Investor Club event.
"I think there'll be enough to get the government to go along with it because they want an easy time, want to get it settled, but it won't be enough to make a real change," he added.
"The board needs to be independent, not controlled by vested interests...and the FA council needs an axe taking to it, frankly."
Anti-discrimination group Kick It Out has described the proposed reforms as "a sham" that still failed to give sufficient representation to minority groups.
The FA has scheduled a formal vote for April 3. If majority approved, the reforms will be voted on by shareholders at an annual general meeting on May 1.
"The danger is that the work that has been done will get accepted just to get rid of the issue because the government's got enough on its plate with Brexit and so on," said Bernstein.
"And then we'll be in a very poor period for the next 20 years. I think we'll have missed a real opportunity.
"Given the fact that we've had a select committee report, a parliamentary debate and a vote of no confidence in the FA and a minister who says she wants to see real action, we'll never get this opportunity again.
"If it ends up with a fudged compromise, then it's a missed opportunity."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
DUBAI, March 29 Saudi Arabia is considering whether to change the structure of its planned U.S. dollar sukuk issue, which would be the kingdom's first international issue of Islamic bonds, banking sources told Reuters on Wednesday.
Riyadh is expected to sell up to $10 billion of sukuk with an issue that could take place in the next few weeks, bankers say. It has been planning a hybrid structure for the sukuk.
The structure would comprise a mudaraba agreement, a form of Islamic investment management partnership, plus a murabaha facility that would trade commodities with a special purpose vehicle.
But potential changes to that structure are now under discussion to make the instrument more easily tradable and less complex to understand for international investors, the sources said. A spokesman for the Saudi finance ministry declined to comment.
Some bankers who are not involved in the deal said they believed the debate over the sukuk structure might be the reason that Saudi Arabia had not already launched the issue, given the current favourable market conditions with low credit spreads in the region.
A hybrid mudaraba-murabaha structure is being used in a private placement of riyal-denominated sukuk now being conducted by Saudi Aramco, the national oil company.
But this structure may be too complex for some international investors, possibly to the point of testing their appetite for the issue, said one banker familiar with the debate, declining to be named because the matter is private.
While Gulf investors and a sub-set of Western institutions would probably be comfortable with a hybrid sukuk structure, Riyadh might need to attract a wider investor base for an issue approaching $10 billion, which would be the world's largest dollar Islamic bond sale.
So the structure may be changed to an ijara format, a lease-financing structure which is common among sovereign sukuk issuance around the world and is better known internationally, some bankers said.
An ijara sukuk, however, might require the transfer of some assets pledged for the sukuk into a special purpose vehicle. Shifting sovereign assets into an SPV could lead to legal and regulatory hurdles, the bankers said.
The complexity of sukuk and investors' lack of familiarity with them has long been recognised as barrier to growth of the market. For that reason, two top standard-setting bodies in Islamic finance have in the last few months proposed new guidelines for sukuk, aiming to make them more transparent and standardised.
The new issue would be Saudi Arabia's second international bond sale after a $17.5 billion debut conventional bond issue last October. That was the largest-ever emerging market debt sale.
The kingdom started tapping international debt markets to diversify its sources of finance and plug a huge budget deficit caused by low oil prices.
Citi, HSBC and JP Morgan are global coordinators on the planned issue. BNP Paribas and Deutsche Bank are also involved with lead roles, and other banks might join the group of lead managers, banking sources have said. (Editing by Andrew Torchia/Jeremy Gaunt)
KANE Elgey is fighting for his NRL future after Titans coach Garth Brennan axed the out-of-form five-eighth in favour of Bryce Cartwright.
Elgey will play for Tweed Heads in the Intrust Super Cup on Saturday while Cartwright wears the Gold Coast's No. 6 jersey against Cronulla at Cbus Super Stadium.
Brennan's patience with the defensively suspect Elgey expired following the Gold Coast's 26-14 loss to North Queensland.
Elgey was exposed on the left edge and while Cartwright is no perfect defender, Brennan has shaken up his squad in the hope of avoiding a third straight defeat.
Elgey, 24, is off-contract at season's end and facing an uncertain future, with the Titans yet to offer the former under-20s star a new deal.
Brennan was adamant Elgey could fight his way back into the NRL and this was not the end of his 42-game career on the Gold Coast.
"He is still part of my plans for this year," he said.
"This doesn't jeopardise anything. It's up to Kane to work on the areas I think he needs to work on.
"Kane's a fantastic young man. He is a quality person. I'm really looking forward to the day I can bring him back into the side.
"I'm sure that will be at some stage. How long that will be is up to how hard Kane wants to work.
"He understands the areas he needs to work on, mainly defensively and taking more control of the team.
"He was disappointed but understood it. He didn't argue or question it. He understood his form wasn't where it needed to be.
"I'm confident Kane can bounce back. He's only young. I'm counting on him coming back into the team at some stage."
Elgey has had a rollercoaster NRL career.
After winning the NYC under-20s player of the year award in 2014, Elgey made his NRL debut in 2015 and was sensational in 16 games.
A knee reconstruction saw him miss the entire 2016 season before he had a year to forget in 2017, winning just three of the 19 matches he played.
Brennan put his faith in Elgey and halfback Ash Taylor forming a winning combination this season, but the five-eighth's inconsistency and poor defence has seen him axed after seven rounds.
Elgey has struggled so far this season.
Cartwright has been open about his preference to play in the back-row, however Brennan said the former Panther's best performances had been at five-eighth.
"If you go back to the best football Bryce Cartwright played, it was in 2016 and he was playing five-eighth," he said.
"It's not a position that's foreign to him. He's played his best football in the NRL at six.
"He has made it clear it's not his preferred position, but it's about the team being first.
"I'm excited Bryce is there. We're going to work really hard to get Kane back up in that six position but I'm more than confident Bryce will do the job while that's happening."
Brennan also axed winger Tyronne Roberts-Davis and promoted Knights recruit Brendan Elliot for his first NRL appearance for the Titans.
April 6 Altus TFI:
* Said on Wednesday that its unit, ALTUS Agent Transferowy sp. z o.o., signed an agreement to acquire BPH Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych SA (BPH TFI) for 20 million zlotys ($5.04 million) Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9711 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Boeung Kak community members protest outside of the Council of Ministers office in Phnom Penh yesterday. Heng Chivoan
Authorities thwart Boeung Kak event
Some 30 Boeung Kak land activists yesterday were blocked by 50 Daun Penh district security guards from delivering a petition to the Council of Ministers seeking Prime Minister Hun Sen's intervention in helping release fellow activist Tep Vanny.
The group of women claimed they were travelling by tuk-tuk to deliver the petition when they were stopped by security forces from leaving their neighbourhood.
The petition asks the premier to help free Vanny, who was arrested in August for taking part in a cursing ceremony. Since then, the court decided to revive two long-dormant cases against her, convicting her in one of them for allegedly using violence during a protest near Hun Sen's house in 2013.
The petition also asks Hun Sen to stop arresting Boeung Kak women, and to help resolve the community's land disputes.
“We are disappointed. This is the first time that authorities came and picked up the petition at the community,” said community representative Bov Sophea. “I think they tried to negotiate to avoid any problems.”
Kong Chamroeun, a representative of Hun Sen's cabinet, picked up the petition and said it would be forwarded to the premier.
April 28 Cosco Shipping Development Co Ltd :
* Entered into management services agreement for a fee of up to RMB80 million
* company to provide management services in respect of CS financial and target equities for a term of three years Source :(bit.ly/2pFUEPL) Further company coverage:
The mother, an immigrant from Honduras, didn't contact the police immediately because she was worried it would land her and her children in trouble.
Oklahoma City resident Jose Alcides Benites drew attention of an immigrant mother from Honduras after he reportedly posted an online advertisement offering undocumented families a place to live. At a time when people across the country are taking to street to protest against the Trump administration's draconian immigration crackdown, this ad might appear a Good Samaritan's heartfelt attempt to help asylum seekers.
However, as it appears, Benites' motives were rather sinister.
Four months ago, the 59-year-old man opened his house to a migrant mother and her two children who were trying to make their way to New York so they could live with their relatives. Last week, he was allegedly caught molesting the woman's 5-year-old daughter.
The mother, who remains unidentified, said she was going through some documents in the living room while her daughter was in Benites' room with him. When the woman approached his room to ask him a question about the papers, she allegedly saw him touching her daughter under dress through the cracked door.
According to the report, when the mother knocked on the door and entered, Benites immediately retracted his hand and acted like nothing had happened.
Read More Short Film Depicts Migrant Kids Defending Themselves In Court
However, instead of reporting the incident to the police, the woman contacted her pastor, who then alerted the authorities. Apparently, the woman was afraid that calling cops would land her and her two kids in trouble.
“She was in the house they were staying at the time and that's when she peered through a crack in the door, and unfortunately saw a man inappropriately touching her daughter," explained Oklahoma City Police Officer Megan Morgan.
Oklahoma City police shortly arrested Benites from his home.
Meanwhile, the immigration status of the family remains uncertain.
“Overall, I would say the community feels a lot of fear. Particularly because of how unhumanitarian the treatment is for the undocumented and the immigrant community as well,” Cynthia Garcia, the deportation defense director with immigrant rights advocacy group Dream Action Oklahoma, told News 4. “I think, regardless of her legal status, she's here protecting her kids, so as much as that puts her in a pickle, she has to speak up for that. And the only way she`s going to be able to do that is she doesn't allow someone to take advantage of that situation.”
Given the fear of deportation, undocumented immigrants are most vulnerable to exploitation – and disturbing cases like this is a testament to that fact.
Read More 7-Year-Old Immigrant Girl Reunites With Her Mother After 60 Days
Thumbnail/Banner Credits: Reuters/Jose Luis Gonzalez
BRUSSELS The European Commission said on Thursday it had set 'anti-dumping' duties on imports of hot-rolled flat steel products from China at a higher rate than those already in place, angering Beijing.
The Commission, acting on behalf of the 28 EU countries, set final duties of between 18.1 and 35.9 percent for five years for producers including Bengang Steel Plates Co 000761.SZ, Handan Iron & Steel Co [TANGCB.UL] and Hesteel Co (000709.SZ).
This compared with provisional rates imposed from October of 13.2 to 22.6 percent following a complaint lodged by European steel association Eurofer on behalf of EU producers ArcelorMittal (ISPA.AS), Tata Steel (TISC.NS) and ThyssenKrupp (TKAG.DE).
China's commerce ministry said it was highly concerned by the decision and urged the EU to "correct its mistake", adding it would take "necessary measures" to protect its companies.
The EU has already imposed duties on a wide range of steel grades to counter what EU steel producers say is a flood of steel sold at a loss due to Chinese overcapacity.
China, the world's top producer and consumer of steel, said early last year it would shut as much as 150 million tonnes of annual production capacity over the next five years, although capacity actually rose in 2016.
G20 governments recognised in September that steel overcapacity was a serious problem. China has said the problem is a global one
The Commission said on Thursday that the measures should shield EU steelmakers from the effects of Chinese dumping.
The Commission also said that it had decided not to impose provisional duties on the same product from Brazil, Iran, Russia, Serbia and Ukraine, although the investigation of imports from these countries would continue for another six months.
"The decision not to impose provisional measures for imports from Brazil, Iran, Russia, Serbia and Ukraine does not prejudge the final outcome of that investigation," a Commission spokesman said.
(Additional reporting by Lusha Zhang in Beijing; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek, Greg Mahlich)
US president Donald Trump rounded on Iran yesterday, triggering concerns that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 nuclear deal when a deadline occurs next month.
Speaking during a press conference with French president Emmanuel Macron at the White House, Mr Trump warned that “if Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid”.
Earlier in the day he dismissed the accord as “insane” and “ridiculous”. The pact committed Iran to ceasing nuclear activities in exchange for easing international sanctions.
“It should have never ever been made,” said Mr Trump of the 2015 deal negotiated by his predecessor Barack Obama and other world leaders. “[If] they restart their nuclear programme they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before,” he added, as he sat beside Mr Macron in the Oval Office. “They're not going to be restarting.”
I would like us to work on a new deal with four pillars which deals with current nuclear activities, longer-term nuclear activities, ballistic activities and the regional influence
His comments come as Mr Macron seeks to convince the United States to keep faith with the deal, agreed between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council – the US, Britain, Russia, France and China – as well as Germany and the EU.
The French president has struck up a strong working relationship with his mercurial US counterpart and suggested European leaders are considering a “new deal” that could take on board some of the US concerns.
“I believe we can usefully add to it,” he said. “I would like us to work on a new deal with four pillars which deals with current nuclear activities, longer-term nuclear activities, ballistic activities and the regional influence,” said Mr Macron.
In particular, the two leaders discussed Iran's broader role in the Middle East, including the war in Syria, suggesting that a codicil to the agreement could be negotiated which would address Tehran's growing influence in the region, he indicated.
“When they made the Iran deal . . . they should have made a deal that covered Yemen, that covered Syria, that covered other parts of the Middle East where Iran is involved. They didn't do that,” said Mr Trump.
But US concerns with the agreement run much deeper. Mr Trump, along with much of the Republican establishment, is concerned with many aspects of the accord. These cover the inclusion of sunset clauses, problems regarding access to nuclear sites and the country's ballistic missile programme.
By May 12th, Mr Trump must decide whether to sign a waiver lifting US sanctions on Iran. He has indicated this will not happen if US concerns are not addressed.
While North Korea announced a halt to its nuclear programme last weekend, the country has displayed no commitment to abolishing its existing arsenal
The challenge for European signatories to the pact is to meet US requests without alienating Iran, which has warned that it is “all or nothing” when it comes to the agreement. Discussion of the Iran agreement is also likely to dominate German chancellor Angela Merkel's meeting with the US president on Friday.
On North Korea, Mr Trump said he hopes the planned summit with Kim Jong-un, whom he described as “very honourable”, will happen “very soon”.
But in an indication of the scale of challenges that lie ahead, he clarified during his press conference that when he speaks of “denuclearisation” of North Korea, he means “they get rid of their nukes”. While North Korea announced a halt to its nuclear programme last weekend, the country has displayed no commitment to abolishing its existing arsenal, a prospect that most experts believe is unlikely.
Mr Trump's meeting with his French counterpart followed a morning of pomp and ceremony at the White House. Mr Macron and his wife attended a military parade and were due to attend a state dinner at the White House on Tuesday night. They also visited Arlington cemetery in recognition of the long-standing military alliance between the two countries.
Mr Macron will continue his three-day state visit to the Untied States on Wednesday when he addresses a joint session of Congress.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
LONDON, April 3 Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of round 31 of the Premier League fixtures on April 3-4 (1945 GMT unless stated): April 3 Burnley v Stoke City Burnley have lost four of their last six games Saturday's home league defeat by Tottenham Hotspur was Burnley's first at Turf Moor since Nov. 26 Eight points separate ninth-placed Stoke from West Bromwich Albion in eighth Stoke have not scored away from home for 416 minutes Stoke have only scored 14 away league goals all season Leicester City v Sunderland Leicester have won their last five games - four in the league - since Craig Shakespeare became manager Sunderland have only won once in the league since Dec. 17 Leicester have never lost to Sunderland in six Premier Leagues games at the King Power Stadium Defoe has not scored in his last five club games In their last game, Leicester had 10 shots on target against Stoke - the most they have managed since 2003-04 Watford v West Bromwich Albion Watford's win over Sunderland at the weekend ended a run of four league games without a victory Watford is without defender Younes Kaboul, who injured his hamstring at the weekend Watford have not beaten West Brom at home since Jan. 2003 when they did so in the FA Cup Albion have scored 14 league goals from corners this season, four more than anyone else Albion have only lost twice to teams in the bottom half of the table this season Manchester United v Everton (2000) United have lost only one of their last 23 home league games against Everton Everton have scored just eight times in their last 12 league visits to Old Trafford United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic is available after a three-match suspension If Everton win, they will go above fifth-placed United United have drawn eight of their 15 league games at home this season April 4 Arsenal v West Ham United These are two of the league's most out-of-form teams: West Ham have lost their last four league games, while Arsenal have won just two from six Arsenals Aaron Ramsey and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain should be available after injury Arsenal had eight shots to Manchester City's 14 in Sunday's 2-2 draw West Ham's Diafra Sakho has declared himself available after four months out but is unlikely to start Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez scored a hat-trick in a 5-1 win in the reverse fixture Hull City v Middlesbrough Hull have won four and drawn two of their last six home games Victory could move the Tigers out of the relegation zone Middlesbrough have not won in their last 12 league games and have scored just once in six outings Since 2011/12 home teams have won 56 percent of clashes between promoted teams Boro remain under the control of caretaker manager Steve Agnew Southampton v Crystal Palace Palace have posted four straight victories Southampton have only twice scored more than once in 13 home league games Palace have failed to score in just five of 22 games in which Christian Benteke and Wilfried Zaha have started Palace beat Southampton 3-0 in December's reverse fixture Palace manager Sam Allardyce has never lost a Premier League game at St Mary's Swansea City v Tottenham Hotspur Swansea have the worst defensive record in the Premier League, conceding 63 goals – 2.1 per match Fernando Llorente and Gylfi Sigurdsson have scored 19 of Swansea's 36 league goals Spurs have lost just once in 14 league games Midfielder Harry Winks is definitely out for Spurs after being carried away on a stretcher at the weekend. Harry Kane, Danny Rose and Erik Lamela are also injured Second-placed Spurs are aiming to cut Chelsea's lead to a provisional four points at the top of table Chelsea v Manchester City (2000) City, who are 11 points behind Chelsea, are seeking to inflict the Blues' second straight defeat Victor Moses is hoping to return for Chelsea after missing the weekend defeat by Crystal Palace City have won just two of their last six games in all competitions Bacary Sagna is definitely out for City but Pablo Zabaleta is expected to return Before the Palace defeat, Chelsea had gone 12 games unbeaten Liverpool v Bournemouth (2000) Liverpool will be without the inured Sadio Mane, Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson Bournemouth have not conceded a goal in their last two games - the first time they have achieved this since March 2016 Liverpool have won their last four games at Anfield Origi scored his sixth league goal from the bench when he netted in the win over Everton on Saturday Liverpool have conceded in each of their last five games (Compiled by Neil Robinson; Editing by Ken Ferris)
* U.S. jobs, wages better than expected * U.S. 10-year Treasury yields post the largest rise since June 2009 * Palladium on track for biggest weekly drop since September 2017 * GRAPHIC-2018 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout; updates prices, headline; adds comment, NEW YORK to dateline) By Renita D. Young and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gold prices declined on Friday as the U.S. dollar ticked up against the euro after U.S. jobs data showed a robust rise in jobs and wages and 10-year U.S. Treasury yields peaked. Non-farm payrolls rose by 200,000 jobs in January, the U.S. Labor Department said, beating expectation of 180,000 and their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years. Average hourly earnings rose and boosted the year-on-year increase to 2.9 percent, the largest rise since June 2009. "The hawkish reading of the data is proving to be a trigger point for more downside pressure in gold in the short-term," said Suki Cooper, precious metals analyst at Standard Chartered Bank. Spot gold dropped 1 percent at $1,335.26 an ounce by 1:34 p.m. EST (1834 GMT), while U.S. gold futures for April delivery settled down $10.60, or 0.8 percent, at $1,337.30. Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields extended their rise to more than 2.8 percent reaching a 4-year high after the U.S. jobs data was released. "The fact that it's gone up that fast that quick could force the Fed to act more aggressively before the March meeting if the 10-year gets to three percent," said Bob Haberkorn, senior market strategist at RJO Futures. Higher interest rates make gold less attractive to investors because it does not pay interest. The Fed held interest rates unchanged after its latest policy meeting this week but raised its inflation outlook and flagged "further gradual" rate increases. Gold is set to end this week 1.1 percent lower, after rising in six out of the last seven weeks and hitting its highest in 17 months last week at $1,366.07. On the wider markets, world stocks were set to post their biggest weekly drop since late 2016 as talk of central bank policy tightening and expectations of higher inflation boosted borrowing costs globally. Holding gold offers a degree of insurance if the broader market suffers a correction, ScotiaMocatta said in a monthly report this week. "Record-setting global equities may well start to wobble if inflation starts to pick up, or if bond yields/interest rates continue to rise," it said. Silver dropped 2.9 percent at $16.73 an ounce after hitting $16.66, its lowest since Dec. 28. It was poised for a 3.8 percent weekly decline. Platinum declined 1.2 percent at $993.50 per ounce, on track for a 1.6 percent weekly drop. Palladium rose 0.6 percent at $1,043.50 per ounce. After hitting record highs this month, palladium is on track for its biggest weekly drop since early September, down 4.2 percent. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Evans and Cynthia Osterman)
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 24 Village Roadshow Ltd
* theme parks division continued to be significantly impacted by tragedy which occurred at dreamworld, and was further affected by cyclonic weather conditions in March/april 2017.
* believes that theme parks division will return to normal levels over time following key marketing campaigns and introduction of new attractions.
* now expected that total theme park division's fy17 ebitda, excluding material items will be approximately $55 million - $65 million
* sydney wet'n'wild has been similarly impacted, with second half of financial year 2017 expected to underperform first half of fy17. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hidden from the media narrative of Russian cyber sabotage is the content of the DNC leaks, and how the leaks revealed the arrogance and corruption of the Democratic Party elite.
Amidst the blame Russia hysteria, the actual content of the the Democratic National Committee (DNC) hacks has been consigned to the memory hole. In a veritable tidal wave of false narratives, the mainstream media has succeeded in drowning the legacy of the leaks in (not terribly convincing) accusations of Russian culpability. Erased from this narrative is the fact that the highest levels of the Democratic Party—supposedly neutral arbiters of the candidate selection process—sabotaged the Bernie Sanders campaign, and detest vast swaths of the Democratic Party constituency.
The first leaks appeared on July 22nd, when WikiLeaks released a collection of emails from the accounts of seven top DNC officials. The initial leaks confirmed what Sanders supporters had alleged for months, which was that the DNC was conspiring to sabotage the Sanders campaign. Emails implicated top officials such as DNC CFO Brad Marshall, who discussed planting a media story about Sanders' religious beliefs in an effort to undermine his campaign.
Replying to the email, DNC CEO Amy Dacey writes simply “AMEN”.
Another email from DNC staffer Mark Paustenbach floats the idea of planting a media narrative about the Sanders campaign being “a mess”, constantly needing to be coddled by the DNC in order to keep it afloat. Apparently without any hint of irony, Paustenbach proposes part of this narrative would focus on how Sanders' loss can be attributed to his own mistakes rather than, “a DNC conspiracy”.
Emails from the account of DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz confirmed the high levels of animosity between the DNC and the Sanders campaign. Schultz writes of Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver that “He is an ASS,” and “a damn liar”.
Also of note was an “agreement” between Politico's Kenneth Vogel and Paustenbach to "let the DNC pre-screen one of Vogel's stories before" it was sent to his editors. The idea that Vogel would allow the DNC to screen his stories constitutes a breach of journalistic ethics, and confirms another charge by Sanders supporters who alleged collusion between the mainstream media and the Clinton campaign.
The initial document release provoked the resignations of Schultz, Dacey, and Marshall, in addition to communications director Luis Miranda.
After Schultz stepped down, the post of DNC chairwoman passed to former Al Gore campaign manager Donna Brazile. It was under Brazile that the second batch of leaks would be released. The October 7th leaks showed that Brazile, while working as a contributor for CNN, had gained access to and given the Clinton campaign the debate questions prior to a Sanders-Clinton debate in March.
Also included in the leaks was a transcript of a speech given to union members in which Clinton railed against environmentalists. “They come to my rallies and they yell at me and, you know, all the rest of it. They say, 'Will you promise never to take any fossil fuels out of the earth ever again?' No. I won't promise that. Get a life, you know...My view is, I want to defend natural gas...I want to defend fracking under the right circumstances."
Maybe even more damning than the leaks themselves was the arrogant way in which DNC officials and the Clinton campaign responded to them. Almost immediately after Schultz's resignation Clinton issued a statement thanking her “longtime friend”, and announced that Schultz had been appointed as her honorary campaign chair. The only way to explain such a bewilderingly self-destructive act—guaranteed to alienate Sanders' die hard supporters—is to assume that Clinton was totally self-assured of an easy victory in November and/or despised large portions of the Democratic Party constituency to the point that she couldn't resist rubbing salt in their wounds.
For her part, far from apologizing DNC chairwoman Donna Brazile responded to the revelations about leaking debate questions by merely saying, “if I had to do it all over again, I would know a hell of a lot more about cybersecurity.” Brazile has not resigned and is still DNC chair.
In all, the leaks paint a portrait of an arrogant Democratic Party establishment which despises large swaths of its voting base and its young/Sanders aligned volunteers. They also provide a window into how candidates who do not toe the Party line are filtered out of the candidate selection process. As for the issue of Russian culpability, it is rendered somewhat moot when one considers that all the leaks really did is expose the dirty secrets of an organization that is a central pillar of American democracy. Of course, far from viewing it in that way, the media and the Democratic Party establishment have begun their familiar drumbeat for war. In this sense the hysteria over Russian cyberwarfare cannot be overlooked, and I hope to continue exploring it from different angles.
* Nigeria in first recession in quarter of century
* IMF says Nigeria economy expected to grow 0.8 pct this year
* IMF review precedes talks on loans of at least $1.4 bln (Adds quotes, details, background)
By Alexis Akwagyiram and Chijioke Ohuocha
ABUJA, March 30 The International Monetary Fund urged Nigeria on Thursday to lift its remaining foreign exchange restrictions and scrap its system of multiple exchange rates in order to revive its economy, which is in its first recession in 25 years.
The recommendation came in the Washington-based Fund's regular assessment of the country's economy. A staff report, an accompanying document seen by Reuters and addressed to the IMF's executive board, outlined a raft of failings in Nigeria's handling of its economy.
Nigeria fell into recession last year largely due to the impact of low oil prices and militant attacks on energy facilities in the Niger Delta oil hub. Crude sales account for more than 90 percent of foreign exchange earnings and two-thirds of government revenue.
President Muhammadu Buhari has rejected a devaluation of the naira currency and backed restrictions imposed by the central bank that force firms to buy dollars needed for imports for a premium on the black market, where the currency trades around 30 percent weaker than the official exchange rate.
The fund said its directors "urged the authorities to remove the remaining restrictions and multiple currency practices, thus unifying the foreign exchange market and helping regain investor confidence".
Nigeria, Africa's most populous country, has at least five exchange rates which include the official one, a rate for Muslim pilgrims travelling to Saudi Arabia, one for school fees abroad and a retail rate set by licensed exchange bureaux.
The IMF's verdict comes weeks after the budget ministry published its Economic Recovery and Growth Plan for 2017 to 2020 which called for a market-determined exchange rate. However, the plan offers few concrete steps.
CONTRACTION
Nigeria has not asked the Fund for fiscal support but its recommendations may influence institutional lenders ahead of the annual spring meetings with the World Bank.
The World Bank has been in talks with Nigeria for more than a year over an application for a loan of at least $1 billion and the African Development Bank has $400 million on offer. But talks have stalled over economic reforms.
Nigeria's economy contracted 1.5 percent last year.
"Under unchanged policies, the outlook remains challenging," the report said, adding that growth would "pick up only slightly" to 0.8 percent this year, mostly reflecting some recovery in oil production.
The Fund said the country's fiscal deficit increased to 4.7 percent of GDP in 2016, up from 3.5 percent in 2015, due to revenue shocks.
And it made recommendations regarding the country's banking sector, which has seen lenders who fuelled an oil sector credit boom being hammered by the impact of low oil prices which spawned foreign exchange shortages and the naira's plunging value.
The Fund said it encouraged "quickly increasing the capital of undercapitalized banks and putting a time limit on regulatory forbearance".
However, it also said it welcomed efforts to strengthen the resilience of the banking sector.
"In light of the persisting internal and external challenges, they emphasised that stronger macroeconomic policies are urgently needed to rebuild confidence and foster an economic recovery," the statement said of the board's assessment.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
A Tesla car showroom is seen in west London, Britain, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Tesla Chief Executive, Elon Musk enters the lobby of Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York, U.S., January 6, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Tesla (TSLA.O) jumped nearly 3 percent on Thursday after Chief Executive Elon Musk said the electric car company expects to unveil its planned commercial truck in September.
Musk last year announced plans for electric vehicles ranging from a commercial truck called the Tesla Semi to a public transport bus, a "new kind of pickup truck" and a compact sport utility vehicle.
"Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level," Musk said in a tweet on Thursday.
"Pickup truck unveil in 18 to 24 months," he added in another Tweet.
Tesla's stock was up $8.14, or 2.74 percent, at $304.98 after Musk's tweets.
Shares of Tesla have surged 41 percent to record highs this year, and this week the Silicon Valley company briefly became the largest U.S. carmaker by market capitalization, beating out General Motors Co (GM.N).
Proponents believe Tesla's stock rally and high valuation are justified based on long-term expectations for growth.
Skeptics and short sellers say Tesla's growth targets are unrealistic and that the company risks being overtaken by GM, Ford Motor Co (F.N) and other deep-pocketed manufacturers ramping up their own electric-vehicle offerings.
The Palo Alto, California company, which is not profitable, is rushing to launch its mass-market Model 3 sedan in the second half of 2017 and quickly ramp up its factory to reach a production target of 500,000 cars per year in 2018. By comparison, GM sold 10 million cars and Ford sold 6.7 million.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich)
April 20 Capitaland Mall Trust
* Qtrly distribution per unit (DPU) was 2.73 cents, unchanged from 1Q 2016
* Net property income for 1Q 2017 was S$120.1 million, 6.1% lower than 1Q 2016
* Gross revenue for 1Q 2017 was S$172.0 million, a decline of S$7.8 million or 4.3% from 1Q 2016
* Distributable income of S$97.0 million for period 1 jan 2017 to 31 March, 0.2% higher than S$96.7 million for same period last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) are driven past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in...more
Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) are driven past the stand with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and other high ranking officials during a military parade marking the 105th birth anniversary of country's founding father Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang April 15, 2017. The missiles themselves were shown for the first time inside a new kind of canister-based launcher. The trucks upon which they are mounted are originally designed to move lumber. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Close
British aerospace and defence electronics company Cobham (COB.L), which is being investigated by the country's Financial Conduct Authority, said on Tuesday it would raise 512.4 million pounds ($642.6 million) in its latest rights issue.
The 2-for-5 issue of 683.1 million shares was priced at 75 pence per share, a 40.9 percent discount to Monday's closing share price of 126.8 pence.
The company launched the emergency rights issue earlier this month, to shore up its balance sheet after a "deeply disappointing" operating performance in 2016.
"This rights issue will significantly strengthen Cobham's balance sheet and, together with other actions, will provide us with a sustainable platform for the future," Chief Executive David Lockwood said in a statement.
He said it was the first step in reducing the group's net debt leverage ratio towards the group's target of 1.5 times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, "both reassuring our customers and giving us the flexibility to drive operational improvements."
On Monday Cobham said it was being investigated by the UK's Financial Conduct Authority in connection with its handling of inside information ahead of a trading update and announcement of an earlier rights issue in April last year.
Merrill Lynch International and J.P. Morgan Securities plc are acting joint bookrunners and joint underwriters for the rights issue, which is expected to be completed in the second quarter, while Barclays Bank PLC is acting as co-bookrunner and joint underwriter.
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Mark Potter, Greg Mahlich)
LONDON, March 30 Sixth-placed Arsenal host Manchester City on Sunday in the unusual position of being outside the Premier League top four, which means they badly need a win over their third-placed opponents.
We look at five standout matches between the sides.
Premier League - December 2013
Manchester City 6 Arsenal 3 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger does not have to think back far to remember what can go wrong against Manchester City. This game at the Etihad, when Arsenal led the league by five points after 15 games, showed what lay in store against the eventual champions. City's Sergio Aguero began the scoring, with Alvaro Negredo and Fernandinho also weighing in before the break. Although Theo Walcott kept Arsenal in the game with a double, David Silva and Fernandinho restored City's advantage before Arsenal's Per Mertesacker and Yaya Toure (penalty) traded goals in added time.
"It is very important to be an entertaining team but, for me, it will be more entertaining if we score six and concede none,” said City boss Manuel Pellegrini, whose team pipped Liverpool to the title on the last day of the season. Arsenal came fourth.
Premier League - May 2006
Manchester City 1 Arsenal 3
Eleven years ago Arsenal were struggling to qualify for the Champions League despite booking a place in that year's final later in May. A win at City, who had little to play for, would allow them to close the gap on fourth-placed local rivals Tottenham Hotspur to one point ahead of the final day. Freddie Ljungberg settled Arsenal's nerves with his first goal for over a year and, although David Sommeil equalised, Jose Antonio Reyes came off the bench to score twice. Three days later Arsenal beat Wigan Athletic in the last game at Highbury to finish fourth and spark celebrations among the home fans.
Premier League - February 2003
Manchester City 1 Arsenal 5
Arsenal normally got the better of City in Wenger's early years. This was a day when one of his finest ever sides were at their brutal best, with Denis Bergkamp, Robert Pires, Thierry Henry and Kevin Campbell putting the visitors 4-0 up after 20 minutes. Patrick Vieira added a fifth before former Arsenal favourite Nicolas Anelka pulled a late goal back for City. Unstoppable Arsenal were soon to be known as The Invincibles, going the entire 2003-4 league season unbeaten.
Division One - April 1991
Arsenal 2 Manchester City 2
When they met in 1991, Arsenal were top and seeking a second title in three seasons but this unexpected draw left them with familiar concerns about the run-in. Goals from Kevin Campbell and Paul Merson looked to have secured victory, but a Mark Ward penalty sparked City's fightback. The draw was secured when Tony Adams badly misjudged an offside from 20 metres, allowing David White to go on and slot the ball under keeper David Seaman. The draw left the Gunners six points clear of Liverpool. Three wins from their final four fixtures secured the title for George Graham's side.
FA Cup fifth round - February 1971
Manchester City 1 Arsenal 2
Charlie George will be forever remembered for his winner in the 1971 FA Cup final against Liverpool but he also scored a double against Manchester City in this fifth-round win.
Playing on the sort of mud-bath pitch that supporters used to love, George fired a first-half free-kick past keeper Joe Corrigan and then picked his way through the puddles from the halfway line for the winner.
Colin Bell replied for City but Arsenal were on their way in a season that eventually yielded the League and FA Cup double.
($1 = 0.7964 pounds) (Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Ken Ferris)
