More Videos
0:59 Commercial: Barney Smith's Toilet Seat Art Museum
2:20 Cliburn gold medalist returns to Bass Performance Hall
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
0:36 Matthew McConaughey goes back to school, this time to teach
1:49 Cam Newton apology: "Word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful towards women"
0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast
0:31 RAW: Arlington Bowie recovers fumble, caught from two angles
0:49 RAW: Follow the bouncing ball in this high school football game
0:13 RAW: Arlington Bowie wideout with the nifty toe touch TD
1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds. So how do they do it?
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
SEPT-SORTS, France (AP) — A man believed to be under the influence of drugs — and possibly suicidal — deliberately rammed his car into a pizzeria east of Paris on Monday night, killing an adolescent girl and injuring her younger brother and 12 others, authorities said.
The driver was immediately arrested in what was the latest of several attacks in France and elsewhere using a vehicle as a weapon. The local prosecutor said the man's actions in the dinnertime attack in the town of Sept-Sorts were clearly deliberate, but not terrorism-related.
The girl and her brother were among restaurant patrons eating on the outdoor terrace of Pizzeria Cesena when a man in a BMW accelerated toward them, an official with the national gendarme service told The Associated Press. Some officials said the girl was 13, while the prosecutor said she was 12.
The girl died immediately, and her brother's injuries were considered life-threatening, according to a gendarme official, who was not authorized to be quoted by name.
Deputy regional prosecutor Eric de Valroger said a 3-year-old boy was flown by helicopter to France's premier children's hospital in Paris and 12 other people were also hospitalized, four in serious condition.
Speaking to reporters near the attack site, de Valroger said he had opened a homicide investigation. At this stage, he said, “I rule out a terrorist motive.”
He called it “highly probable” that the driver was under the influence of drugs and that he left the road and deliberately aimed his car at restaurant-goers. De Valroger identified the attacker as a 31-year-old from the nearby town of La Ferte-sous-Jouarre.
The suspect is believed to have tried to kill himself last week, French Interior Ministry Pierre-Henry Brandet said on BFM television. Brandet said the man was not known to intelligence or police.
Explosives experts combed the area and found no weapon other than the car itself, according to the prosecutor.
Witnesses to the incident were being given emergency counseling.
A police official said authorities were not searching for accomplices, and a security official said there was no evidence of a political or Islamic extremist motive.
The targeted pizzeria is in a shopping zone in the small town of Sept-Sorts, about 65 kilometers (40 miles) east of Paris near Champagne country. Police cordoned off a large area, and BFM reported that a nearby Chinese restaurant was requisitioned to take in victims and survivors.
The incident on a quiet August night on the eve of a national holiday reignited fears after multiple attacks in which a vehicle was the weapon of choice. An Algerian man with unclear motives drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and an Islamic extremist truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago.
French President Emmanuel Macron and his government expressed condolences and support for the victims and survivors of Monday's attack, according to an Interior Ministry statement.
___
Associated Press writer Angela Charlton reported this story from Paris and AP videographer Oleg Cetinic reported in Sept-Sorts.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
100 % 100 Different A softer approach from the young rockers, but still just as enjoyable. 'Sæla' sets expectations for album number two suitably high. 10
British rock trio Black Foxxes exploded onto the scene last year with their stunning debut album I'm Not Well, catapulting themselves up the rungs of the British rock scene with a darker and heavier edge over their contemporaries. Not even 18 months later, the boys are back with ‘SælaSæla', the first snippet from their upcoming sophomore album Reiði, set for a March 2018 release.
What is still astonishing about Black Foxxes is how a band with one guitarist, a bassist and a drummer can create a sound so huge and so bombastic, clearly they've not rested on their laurels on this new album as they retain their anthemic sound on ‘Sæla'. It's admittedly a softer track in comparison to the likes of big hitters ‘Husk' and ‘River', taking a simpler approach and more basic structure, but this is to no detriment at all. Mark Holley's vocals are still at their unique best, his powerful shriek is still a wonder to the ears, him and bassist Tristan Jane churn away together, their sounds working in perfect harmony, whilst drummer Ant Thornton keeps things simpler but props up this more emotional tune well.
‘Sæla' shows a slightly different side to the young rockers, but it's nonetheless still unmistakably Black Foxxes through and through. The past couple of years have been golden for the British rock scene, look out for Black Foxxes' further ascension up the ranks in 2018. Hell, I wouldn't put it past them to steal the crown away from whichever pretender seeks to hold the throne.
‘Sæla' is out now via Spinefarm Records
Teenagers spend less than an hour in disadvantaged neighbourhoods that locals consider dangerous, but they don't usually listen to their parents' fears about safety, says a study that used smartphones to track kids.
Researchers from Ohio State University in Columbus, US found that adolescents aged 11 to 17, who spent over an hour less each day on average in their neighborhoods if residents there were very fearful, compared to kids from areas perceived as being safer.
The results revealed that the youth spent an average of 52 percent of their waking time each day at home, 13 percent in their neighborhoods and 35 percent outside of their neighborhoods.
Higher fear of crime was linked to high-poverty neighborhoods. Lead Author Christopher Browning from The Ohio State University in Columbus, US claims that thisis the first study to use smartphone data to track a large, diverse sample of young people to determine where they spend their time. But the findings indicated that even if cities provide services to deprived areas, teenagers may stay away if the area is perceived to be dangerous, leading such services to be used less, he said. "It is clear that kids who live in high-poverty areas are spending less time in their neighborhoods and that is linked to a collective fear of crime," Browning added. The team examined lives of 1,402 representative youths living in 184 neighborhoods in Franklin County, Ohio, including Columbus and its suburbs. The participating adolescents were given a smartphone that they kept with them for one week. The GPS function on the phone reported their location after every 30 seconds. "It is clear that kids who live in high-poverty areas are spending less time in their neighborhoods and that is linked to a collective fear of crime," Browning added. About 27 percent of the time when they were not at home while awake, they were in their neighborhoods. But the collective fear ratings of all the caregivers who lived in or regularly visited a neighborhood was strongly linked to the amount of time kids spent close to home. The research was presented in Montreal at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association.
From left, Spingdale Police officer F. Gantt, White Knoll High School students Candice Derrick and Isaac Nusbaum, and South Congaree Police officer Eddie Stone. Facebook
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Law enforcement official tells AP that man had explosive device strapped on when it exploded in New York City subway .
A RUSSIAN pilot who ejected from his fighter jet after it was shot down in northwestern Syria has been killed after landing alive on the ground, according to a Syrian human rights monitoring group.
“Rebel factions shot down a Sukhoi 25,” confirmed Rami Abdel Rahman, head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Camera Icon Rebel fighters shot down the Russian jet over Syria's northwest Idlib province and killed its pilot. Picture: AFP Camera Icon A Sukhoi Su-25 fighter jet similar to the one shot down by rebel fighters over Idlib on Feb. 3. Picture: AFP
“The Russian pilot came down in a parachute, before being captured,” confirmed Mr Rahman.
He could not immediately confirm which faction had downed the plane but hard line opposition groups and the jihadist Hayat Tahrir al-Sham are active in Idlib.
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
Camera Icon A downed Sukhoi Su-25 fighter jet in Syria similar to the one rebel fighters shot down over northwest Syria, capturing and killing its pilot. Picture: AFP
A Syrian militant in the area told the Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when he resisted capture by opening fire from his pistol on the militants who tried to capture him alive.
Moscow has not confirmed the downing of its plane or the killing of a pilot.
The militant refused to be identified by his real name because was not authorised to speak to the media.
Video of the jet being shot down has been posted online.
Syrian troops launched a fierce offensive on Idlib in late December, with backing by Russian warplanes.
Opposition factions have shot at Syrian regime planes in the past, but downing Russian warplanes is much rarer.
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015.
The Ottawa Curling Club was unnaturally quiet the moment Rachel Homan and her team claimed victory at Sunday's Tim Hortons Roar of the Rings women's final.
That's because many of the club's members were at the Canadian Tire Centre, enthusiastically supporting Team Homan as they secured a 6-5 win over Calgary's Chelsea Carey and her rink.
“Ironically, there was hardly anybody here yesterday to watch the game,” said Joe Pavia, the club's store manager. “They were rather vociferous in the stands, which is good. Everyone was out there watching live. You can't get better than that.”
Pavia has worked at the Ottawa Curling Club for more than 20 years, so he's watched Homan, a Kanata native, and her team train since they first joined the club. He noted the club has been particularly bustling in the days leading up to the Olympic qualifier and throughout its nine-day run.
“People come in to see the Homan Wall and her banners and to watch them practise,” he said. “It's good for the entire sport, not just the Ottawa Curling Club. It's good for curling, period, that such a young team is going to the Olympics.”
Brent Homan, the talented curler's uncle, has been involved with the club since the early 2000s. Most of the Homan family resides in the Ottawa area. They're now scouring websites to book trips to Pyeonchang next winter.
“The whole family was ecstatic. I think there was family out every night watching Rachel curl,” he said. “It was hard to watch as family members but, at the same time, it was incredible to watch as family members, because we got to celebrate and be so proud of her.”
He said the club's delighted at the star skip's success.
“There's just a lot of pride amongst her colleagues in terms of members here at the Ottawa Curling Club, both for Rachel and her whole team.”
John Whitaker, a longtime member of the club, is another big fan. He's been curling recreationally at the Ottawa Curling Club for the past 10 years and also volunteers there.
“I see the Homan team here quite often practising. … Obviously we were cheering for them and it was fun to watch.”
Whitaker said Ottawa Curling Club frequently hosts sendoffs for the team just before they head out to major events, and Pyeongchang will be no exception.
“I'm sure it will be a packed house for that, for sure,” he said.
“I would just like to congratulate them on a job well done. They've worked really hard and they deserve this chance to win the gold medal for Canada. I wish them well.”
rpatel@postmedia.com
Posted 1 day ago
Speaking after opening an office for the party in Kiambu town, engineer Gakuru Kanyanja says his move to Maendeleo chap chap has saved him from what he
Parent Jose Bodden said he is thanking God after his three-year-old child and two other children escaped serious injury Sunday following a police pursuit between a dirt biker and officers at Rum Point.
Mr. Bodden said the incident could have ended with the children seriously injured or worse.
“These two little girls might have lost their lives or my son and it was no way of no one helping each other because it just happens so quick, so fast,” Mr. Bodden said.
Officers together with aerial support engaged a man on a dirt bike after he tried to escape police shortly after lunch. Mr. Bodden said he is still shaken up from the incident while beach-goer Brittney Ebanks shares his fear and frustration.
“They were actually on the beach itself and one people could have got knocked over and two people are trying to relax before they have to go work on Monday,” Ms. Ebanks said.
Police said the rider in this incident was among a group of riders that had sped off in different directions when they responded to the Rum Point area. They said that rider sped onto the beach and was not part of the Police chase.
Cayman 27's Mario Grey has more.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
NEW YORK (AP) — Hours after getting a vote of confidence from his coach, Jaroslav Halak came through with one of his best games of the season.
Halak made 31 saves, and the New York Islanders beat the Washington Capitals 3-1 on Monday night to snap a three-game winless streak.
It was the second time this season that Halak held an opponent to a single goal and the third time New York has allowed one goal as a team. Halak's strong performance came after coach Doug Weight sternly defended his goaltenders following the team's skate Monday morning. New York was 1-3-1 over its last five games.
“I felt good out there,” Halak said. “Obviously it would be nicer to get a shutout, but I think a win is a win. Two points at home and it was really a good game by pretty much everybody on the ice. Everybody had a role and they played it.”
Advertisement
Brock Nelson, Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored goals for the Islanders, who built a 3-0 lead early in the second period and ended Washington's four-game winning streak. The Islanders killed off both Washington power plays and snapped a seven-game stretch that saw them surrender one or more power-play goals.
The Islanders (17-10-3) extended their home record to 9-1-2, while Washington (18-12-1) fell to 6-7-1 on the road.
“He was great,” Ladd said about Halak. “A lot of big saves, especially in the second. When we had a two-goal lead, he had a couple of big ones to keep us with that spread. He was phenomenal tonight.”
Braden Holtby made nine saves for the Capitals before being pulled after the Islanders scored their third goal 1:34 into the second period. Philipp Grubauer made 17 saves in relief, and Dmitry Orlov scored Washington's only goal.
“It was a frustrating game,” Capitals forward Tom Wilson said. “They played us hard and smart. They had the foot speed, were one or two steps ahead of us all night. They played well.”
Nelson scored his ninth goal of the season 2:36 into the first period. Jason Chimera passed to Cal Clutterbuck to set up the initial shot, and Nelson picked up the rebound and banked the puck off the inside of Holtby's pad.
The Islanders appeared to score again when Anders Lee pushed the puck over the goal line, but officials waved off the goal, and a challenge by Weight was unsuccessful.
New York went ahead 2-0 36 seconds into the second period when Calvin de Haan slid the puck toward center ice and Ladd tapped it in.
Tavares scored 58 seconds later, taking advantage when Holtby got out of position.
“I thought the first two periods we did a lot of good things,” Tavares said. “We carried the play, a nice play on that first goal by everybody. I think it was a good boost early. It was a good two points against a team that was playing pretty well.”
Orlov scored with 11:37 left in the game. He capitalized on a 2-on-1 rush and fired a one-timer past Halak.
NOTES: The Metropolitan Division clash was the second of five between the Islanders and Capitals this season, and the first at Barclays Center. The Capitals beat the Islanders 4-3 in Washington on Nov. 2. … Capitals RW T.J. Oshie missed his third consecutive game with an upper-body injury. Oshie skated at the Capitals' practice facility in Arlington, Virginia, on Monday for the second straight day. … Islanders D Johnny Boychuk sat out his third straight game with an undisclosed injury. Boychuk participated in the team's morning skate and was labeled a game-time decision. … Forwards Alan Quine and Shane Prince were scratches for the Islanders. … D Taylor Chorney was a healthy scratch for the Capitals.
UP NEXT
The Capitals host the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday night.
The Islanders stay home to play the Dallas Stars on Wednesday night.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
BEDFORD, Pa. (AP) - A former Pennsylvania district attorney accused of tipping off female drug dealers and giving them lenient treatment in exchange for sex has pleaded guilty to corruption charges.
Former Bedford County District Attorney William Higgins entered his plea Wednesday, according to Attorney General Josh Shapiro.
Higgins resigned in early April after the charges were filed, saying in a statement that he'd been accused of conduct "unbecoming of a district attorney" and "unbecoming of a husband and father."
Police said Higgins also revealed the names of confidential informants to female drug dealers with whom he was having sex, or to their friends and associates.
He pleaded guilty to 31 counts, including official oppression.
The 43-year-old Republican was sworn into office in 2004 as the state's youngest district attorney.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Higgins pleaded guilty to 31 counts, not 11.
CHURCHILL, Man. — With winter looming and still no sign of a functioning rail line, some people in Churchill, Man., are talking about a blockade to try to force someone — either the federal government or rail line owner Omnitrax — into action.
The subarctic town of 900 people lost its only land connection to the outside world in the spring when severe flooding damaged the rail line. Since then, people and goods have had to be flown in at much higher cost.
Via Rail is planning to retrieve two locomotives and five passenger cars stuck in the town by loading them onto a ship, and residents are not pleased.
"If we do block (the train), we're not blocking it to hinder Via," Dave Daley, head of the Churchill Chamber of Commerce, said Thursday.
"Via has been a great friend to Churchill, they've invested a lot of money into promoting Churchill but ... what we're mad at is no communication (from the federal government)."
Omnitrax, which has been trying to sell the line to a First Nations consortium, has said it cannot afford the estimated $43 million in repairs. In July, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Omnitrax is legally obligated to maintain the rail line, but there has been little said since about any progress in the stalemate.
With winter temperatures that could throw a wrench into repair work just a few weeks away, people in Churchill are preparing for the likelihood of going through the winter with higher prices for food, fuel and other items.
Tourism has also taken a hit. Fewer people have booked trips to see the beluga whales and polar bears the town is famous for.
"Time is not on our side. We indicated right from the get-go ... that it was critical that we get started repairing the rail line," said Mayor Mike Spence.
Via Rail said in a statement this week it intends to put its locomotives and passenger cars on a barge in the coming weeks before the area's short ice-free shipping season ends.
Actress Kriti Sanon, who will be seen doing some action sequences in her upcoming film Raabta, says she really enjoyed doing stunts in the movie and it makes her feel stronger.
“I really enjoyed doing those action sequences and given an opportunity I would like to do that again. Somehow I felt stronger while doing them but it was difficult,” Kriti told the media during the trailer launch of the film in Mumbai.
Kriti will be seen playing two characters named Saira and Saiba in the film which revolves around reincarnation. “It's very interesting as I can relate to Saira so closely since she is a girl from the present time, I also enjoyed essaying Saiba's character, which is from a historic era,” she added. The film stars Sushant Singh Rajput opposite Kriti.
Bollywood's leggy lass Deepika Padukone will be seen in the video of the film's title track. The romantic track has been composed by Pritam, who recently bagged an honour at the 62nd Filmfare awards for his music in Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. At the trailer launch of the film today, filmmaker Dinesh Vijan disclosed his admiration for the Bajirao Mastani actress. He said, “I asked Deepika if she could do a song for me, she came down to Budapest and we shot it.” Although there is no confirmation whether Deepika will just feature in just one song or is doing a cameo in the movie too!
Directed by Dinesh Vijan and produced by him along with Homi Adajania and Bhushan Kumar, Raabta is releasing on 9th June.
Kriti Sanon was last seen in Rohit Shetty's Dilwale, which released in 2015. The actress will next be seen in Bareilly ki Barfi alongside Ayushmann Khurrana and Rajkummar Rao. In the film, Ayushmann will be seen as the owner of a printing press while Rajkummar will be essaying an author. Kriti will play a straight-forward and liberated girl. The film will hit the screens on 21st July this year.
By The Associated Press
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. ISLAMIC STATE GROUP CLAIMS ATTACK ON ISTANBUL NIGHTCLUB
It is reportedly carried out in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
2. FOR WHOM THE 1980S STILL HOLD RELEVANCE
Advertisement
Many of Donald Trump's cultural touchstones — those he'd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter — were at their peak in the 1980s.
3. OBAMA IN CLOSING STRETCH OF PRESIDENCY
His final days in office will be consumed by a bid to protect his health care law, a farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
4. MEDICARE LAUNCHES REVAMP FOR HEART ATTACKS, HIP FRACTURES
The goal of new approaches is to encourage coordination that promotes quality and contains costs.
5. WHERE CHILDREN STARVE AS WAR DRAGS ON
Yemen's children are dying of malnutrition as a conflict and a blockade imposed by a Saudi-led coalition cause food prices to soar in the Arab world's poorest nation.
6. WHO SEEKS TO PULL POT SHOPS OUT OF BANKING LIMBO
Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with marijuana businesses don't have their banking services taken away.
7. ARMLESS SYRIAN BOY THRIVES IN THE U.S.
Ahmad Alkhalaf finds a new life in Massachusetts but isn't sure whether he'll be reunited with his family anytime soon.
8. CHINA STARTS 2017 ENGULFED BY SMOG
Authorities in Beijing and other cities across the nation delay dozens of flights and close highways.
9. DICK CLARK PRODUCTIONS REJECTS MARIAH CAREY'S SABOTAGE CLAIM
The productions firm is hitting back against the singer's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special, saying that's “absurd.”
10. KELLY, MCCOY, BAALKE LATEST TO FEEL THE NFL AX
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton?
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Grinding Ceramics Ball Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Grinding Ceramics Ball market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Axens, Honeywell international, Pingxiang Funeng Chemical industry, Saint-Gobain, Industrial Tectonics, Patalia Chem Industries, Patalia Chem Industries. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Grinding Ceramics Ball Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grinding-ceramics-ball-market/10364/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Grinding Ceramics Ball markets by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Grinding Ceramics Ball markets in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Grinding Ceramics Ball Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Grinding Ceramics Ball. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Grinding Ceramics Ball in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Ordinary Porcelain Ball, Inert Alumina Ceramic Ball, Chinalco Porcelain Ball, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Oil, Chemical, Fertilizer, Natural Gas, Environmental Protection, Others, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Grinding Ceramics Ball Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grinding-ceramics-ball-market/10364/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Grinding Ceramics Ball new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Grinding Ceramics Ball market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Grinding Ceramics Ball industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The World Sikh Organization of Canada participates in the One Billion Rising movement each February 14th, by providing small gifts to women who might very much appreciate the thought!
Treats and baked goods are put together with Valentine's cards prepared by Sikh children and students from local Khalsa schools and gurdwaras for more than 800 women in shelters across Canada
In Montreal, Amrit Kaur how it worked to CBC this morning; Valentine cards were made by children and young people from 6 to 14 years old at the Sikh Temple in Dollard Des Ormeaux, a Montreal suburb.
Then some treats, such as body and hand creams, or bath balms and nail polishes, some of them donated, some bought with funds raised, were assembled. University students at both Concordia and McGill have been busy preparing the gifts for the last three days.
And today, 52 of these gifts were distributed to 5 Women's shelters in Montreal and one in neighbouring Vaudreuil.
Amrit Kaur said organizing and distributing the Valentine gifts is in keeping with the Sikh principle of selfless giving. She notes that women in shelters are often neglected or forgotten and it can be a tough time of year for them.
And Kaur says, the kids love participating in it, and the university students love the feeling of doing a good deed.
It all began in 2013, when the World Sikh Organization and Guru Nanak's Free Kitchen (GNFK) launched the event in Vancouver.
The local Gurdwaras participated and served as drop-off locations. The response from the shelters was overwhelming. Many of the residents noted how difficult Valentine 's Day can be when having recently escaped an abusive relationship.
In 2014, it was expanded to Calgary, Toronto and Montreal in response to the tremendous support provided by the community.
One Billion Rising began as a call to action based on the staggering statistic that 1 in 3 women on the planet will be beaten or raped during her lifetime. With the world population at 7 billion, this adds up to more than one billion women and girls.
TCL-owned brand Alcatel has announced the launch of Alcatel 3V budget smartphone in India on Tuesday at Rs. 9,999. The handset was earlier introduced at Mobile World Congress (MWC 2018) this year in February.
The new device will be available for purchase on Flipkart from May 31st in three colors i.e Spectrum Blue, Black, and Gold.
To sweeten up the deal, the company is providing Rs. 2200 cashback for Jio customers, Gift vouchers up to Rs. 1,000 from Myntra, Gift vouchers up to Rs. 500 from Cleartrip and no-cost EMI for HDFC Bank users.
The brand has also introduced 15 percent discount on ALT Balaji subscription and Rs. 1,000 exchange bonuses on Flipkart.
We were present at the launch event and tested this handset for a brief period of time to find out what Alcatel has to offer to Indian consumers. Here's what we think of the new devices from the company.
Design and Display: Metal body and 6 -inch HD display
Like most of the smartphones these days across the price segments, Alcatel 3V boasts a metal construction with a dual-lens camera set up at the back.
The Alcatel 3V sports a 6-inch full HD display has a screen resolution of 1080X 2160 pixels and features a 2.5 D curved glass on the top for protection.
At the right side of the smartphone, you will find the power button and SIM card slot while the volume rockers are placed on the left side of the smartphone.
The 3.5 mm headphone jack is placed at the top while micro USB port is at the bottom along with the speaker grills.
Overall, Alcatel has done a decent job in terms of design and display. We will also evaluate the screen's outdoor performance while reviewing the handset in the coming week.
Hardware and Software: MediaTek processor and Android 8.0 Oreo
The Alcatel 3V is backed by a quad-core 1.45GHz, MediaTek MT8735A processor along with Mali T20 MP2 GPU, There are 3GB RAM and 32 GB ROM which is expandable up to 128 GB via microSD card.
On the Software side, the smartphone will ship with Android 8.0 Oreo, but the company will face tough competition from Honor 7C and Nokia 3 because both the brands are offering the same OS at low price-point.
During our initial testing, we did not face any performance issues on Alcatel 3 V. However, we will evaluate the smartphone's full potential in our comprehensive review.
Camera: 16MP+ 5MP dual camera coupled with flash
The new smartphone sports a 16MP+ 5MP dual camera coupled with a flash. There are plenty of modes like Bokeh, Refocus, HDR, Panorama, Night Mode, Burst Shot, Instant Collage, Face Beauty, Selfie Album, etc. The camera also supports Phase Detection AutoFocus. For the front, the device comes with an 8-megapixel fixed focus camera with LED flash. It is an average performer.
Overall we found that the shots showed decent detailing and vibrant colors in daylight. We will spend some more time with the camera to find its true potential.
Connectivity and battery: 3000 mAh battery and 4G VoLte
On the battery front, the Alcatel 3V is backed by a 3,000 mAh battery unit, which the company claims are good enough to provide six hours of talk time, 500 hours of standby time and 4 hours of charging time.
On the connectivity front, the phone supports 4G VoLTE, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS with A-SPG, dual SIM and micro USB port.
Verdict
Alcatel 3V seems like decent budget smartphones, but there are other popular companies like Xiaomi and Honor that offer Qualcomm chipsets and better overall package in the same price segment.
That said, the Alcatel's new smartphone will face tough competition from these Chinese brands.
Stay tuned on Gizbot for more updates on Alcatel's latest budget smartphone 3V.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
By
There has been a great deal of conversation in the press lately about public pensions – and there should be. It is a critical issue facing our Commonwealth, possibly the most critical issue for at least the next decade. The question of “How did we get here?” has shifted to the more important one of “How do we fix this?” Governor Bevin and today's Legislators must do what their predecessors, in large part¸ failed to do – honor the full obligation of the state to its retired public employees – and provide the revenue necessary to resolve the problem while mitigating the impact on the rest of the state budget.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
We retirees have an expectation that the pension contract will be honored. This is not unfair nor unreasonable. During our working years, money was taken from each of our paychecks for the purpose and with the promise of an earned benefit in retirement. We had no option other than to participate and if there were issues with the state doing the same, it was not our doing nor our fault. Whether we were a Correctional Officer, Maintenance Worker, Accountant, State Trooper, Social Service Worker, Auditor, or any of the hundreds of other classifications, we met our obligation under this contract and now expect the state to do the same.
Every public retiree – and active employee – must speak up and make their elected representatives aware of our expectations. The time has passed to sit back and wait for “they” to do this.
Larry P. Totten, President
Kentucky Public Retirees
428 Village Dr., Frankfort KY 40601
502.226.0273
www.kentuckypublicretirees.org
StampNews.com is glad to present to our readers' attention 2018 Black History Month stamps by Canada Post that are devoted to two prominent Black Canadians who devoted their lives to promoting equality and opportunity for everyone.
These are Lincoln M. Alexander and Kathleen (Kay) Livingstone who actively supported the Canadian minorities.
“Lincoln Alexander and Kay Livingstone opened countless doors for Black Canadians and other minorities across the country. They are remarkable role models who fostered Canadian values of diversity, respect and inclusion,” says Canada Post President and CEO Deepak Chopra.
So the first stamp is dedicated to Lincoln M. Alexander whose name synonymous with the word Legend. He was very honorable public servant who broke those race barriers and brought attention to Black Canadians. One of his greatest achievements was that he encouraged countless youth to pursue their dreams, often telling them: “I did it. You can. You will.”
The second stamp features Kathleen (Kay) Livingstone who was radio host and social activist. The stamp is being issued on the centenary of Livingstone's birth. She devoted her life to empower Black women and also founded the Canadian Negro Women's Association. In 2011, she was named a Person of National Historic Significance by the Government of Canada.
The stamps feature a black and white portrait of Livingstone and Lincoln. A gold metallic glow pays tribute to their visionary influence. We would also like to draw your attention to the fact that not only Canada Post, but also the USPS regularly issues stamps to honor black activists. Such stamps are issued within the series under the name “Black Heritage” .
Anyway. Going cable news-free has been an enlightening experience. Here's what happened.
The first week was awful, actually. Like anybody going through withdrawal, I was way irritable. I was so irritable, in fact, that I regularly shouted at kids to get off my lawn, even though there were no kids on my lawn.
Also, I was lonely. I realized how often I'd had the TV on before. And because the TV was always on when I was home alone, TV Friends (Anderson Cooper, Chuck Todd, Shep Smith) were always there to keep me company. Even if I didn't like my TV friends very much, at least they were there for me, spouting wide-ranging opinions about everything from Donald Trump to Donald Trump, because that's how cable TV rolls these days. It's all Donald Trump all the time.
(Another side note: Some people believe that Donald Trump was elected because of Fox News. I think CNN, with its relentless, negative coverage, kept the new president — who often looks like he can't believe he was actually elected — squarely in the limelight. Trump was good for ratings. IMHO he should send CNN a handwritten thank-you note and a fruit basket.)
By the second week of my cable news fast, however, I started to feel a little better, the way you feel better after doing some yoga. Instead of automatically turning on the TV whenever I walked into the room, I listened to music. Or sometimes I just let myself be surrounded by silence. Or as much silence as it's possible to enjoy when you live with three dogs, two cats, and a parrot that tells you to brush your teeth whenever you walk through the kitchen.
Here's the thing about silence. It can be an antidote to distraction, so suddenly you find yourself focusing on stuff you should focus on. Like deadlines, for example.
Meanwhile, I READ the news more carefully. Reading the news is great because it has the dual effect of creating some distance while also forcing you to focus in a way you don't have to when you're prancing in and out of a room with a TV set blasting away in the corner.
But here's the big takeaway. I feel calmer these days. Still engaged with current events, yes. Still concerned, yes. But I'm not walking around feeling like I'm on the verge of having a stroke because I keep hearing people say inflammatory, stupid stuff all day long.
How calm am I? If I looked out my window right now and saw kids playing on my lawn I would totally invite them inside for cookies. I would say, "Hey, kids! Come inside and I will give you cookies. Also, I'll teach how to almost win a bracket in my husband's office pool when March Madness rolls around again!"
And then those kids would run away in fear because STRANGER DANGER.
But whatever.
The point is I plan to maintain this new status quo, although we all know how easy it is to slip back into old patterns. So we'll see. For now, however, I'm breathing easy.
Ann Cannon can be reached at acannon@sltrib.com or facebook.com/anncannontrib.
OSLO: Norwegian Justice Minister Sylvi Listhaug, who was almost certain to lose a no-confidence due later on Tuesday, has resigned in a bid to prevent a collapse of the center-right minority government.
Listhaug provoked anger and dismay earlier this month when she accused the opposition Labour Party of putting “terrorists' rights” before national security, a particularly sensitive topic for Labour which was hit in 2011 by a mass shooting by far right militant Anders Behring Breivik.
Listhaug made her comments after Labour and the Christian Democrats helped defeat a bill allowing the state the right, without judicial review, to strip individuals of Norwegian citizenship if they were suspected of terrorism or of joining foreign militant groups.
Listhaug's comments triggered a political storm, and she apologised in parliament last week. Opposition parties, however, said her gesture was not sincere enough, and that she should resign.
Norway's opposition Christian Democrats said on Monday it would join five center-left parties in backing a no-confidence motion, securing a majority in favor of ousting Listhaug.
The vote in parliament had been scheduled to take place later on Tuesday. Prime Minister Erna Solberg faced the choice of letting Listhaug go, weakening the cabinet and risking a defection by Progress, or to get the whole government to resign.
UPDATE: 4:50pm Friday
Kearney Police Department report the male suspect driver involved in the pursuit earlier this morning has been located and arrested. KPD officers, Buffalo County Sheriff's Office Deputies and alert citizens all assisted in locating the suspect.
Previous story:
Kearney Police Department continues to search for a male suspect involved in a Friday morning pursuit. Shortly after 11:00am, officers attempted to make a traffic stop for a traffic violation when the suspect vehicle failed to stop. The pursuit was terminated as the suspect left the city limits. It was then observed re-entering the city limits and led offices on another short pursuit. It was terminated as the pursuit went into residential areas. The car was later reported abandoned in the backyard of a residence in the Eastbrooke area.
Two suspects began running on foot, officers soon apprehended a female. The male suspect ran through several backyards and has not been located. He was last seen in the area north east of 56 Street and Avenue N.
SEWARD, Neb. – One of the GPAC's most dominant defensive players over the past four seasons, senior Tarence Roby claimed a major award from the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) on Monday (Dec. 11). The organization named Roby to the second team of its NAIA football All-America list. Roby becomes the fifth All-America selection in the past six years for the Concordia University football program.
Other recent Bulldogs to garner All-America recognition were defensive lineman Trey Barnes (2015 and 2016), defensive back Darnell Woods (2013) and kicker Kenny Zoeller (2012). Roby joins other All-American defensive backs such as Woods and Sean Stewart (2002), the program's all-time interception leader and a member of the Concordia Athletic Hall of Fame.
Said head coach Patrick Daberkow, “Tarence is a guy who played angry all the time and it showed. He's a quiet guy but he has a great passion for the game and I like the way that he plays.”
Roby starred as one of the most electrifying talents in the conference. The native of Rockford, Ill., has been named an all-conference choice in each of his four seasons in Seward. The highlight reel play of his senior season was a 100-yard interception for a touchdown in the win over Ottawa that landed him on ESPN's SportsCenter. On the year, Roby posted 31 tackles, seven pass breakups, four interceptions and a forced fumble. He also piled up 1,041 all-purpose yards (718 kick return, 166 punt return, 151 interception return) while serving as one of the nation's top return men. Roby compiled 141 tackles, 27 pass breakups and nine interceptions over his Bulldog career.
CONCORDIA FOOTBALL ALL-AMERICANS
2017 – Tarence Roby, defensive back (second team)
2016 – Trey Barnes, defensive line (first team)
2015 – Trey Barnes, defensive line (second team)
2013 – Darnell Woods, safety (first team)
2012 – Derek Blessing, punt returner (first team – Beyond Sports Network)
2012 – Kenny Zoeller, kicker (first team)
2007 – JaMaine Lewis, running back (second team – Victory Sports Network)
2007 – Jeff Neujahr, kick/punt returner (honorable mention – Victory Sports Network)
2006 – Jeff Neujahr, kick/punt returner (honorable mention – Victory Sports Network)
2004 – Matthew Egger, punter
2002 – Sean Stewart, safety (second team)
2001 – Erik DeHaven, linebacker
2001 – Sean Stewart, safety (honorable mention)
2001 – Ross Wurdeman, tight end (first team)
2000 – Drew Ekart, defensive back (honorable mention)
2000 – Sean Stewart, safety (honorable mention)
2000 – Ross Wurdeman, tight end (first team)
1996 – Ed McLaughlin, offensive line (honorable mention)
1995 – Mike Hoernemann, linebacker (honorable mention)
1994 – Travis Soukup, tight end/punter (first team)
1984 – Kahlil King, safety (first team)
1984 – Cleve Wester, running back
1982 – Gary Pomerenke, defensive line (first team)
1981 – Gary Pomerenke, defensive line (second team)
1965 – Dennis Oetting, lineman (honorable mention)
1964 – Bob Oetting, lineman
1961 – Larry Oetting, lineman
1959 – John Suhr, quarterback/safety/punter
1956 – Gary Seevers, running back
1955 – Gary Seevers, running back
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:00 Flag Day - downtown Fort Worth Pause 1:08 Another state softball title and 30 wins makes Keller ace Star-Telegram player of the year 1:23 Texas congressman at Virginia shooting: Son took cover under SUV 0:36 Medevac chopper arrives after GOP congressman, aides, shot at during baseball practice 0:16 Motorcyclist killed on Loop 820 in south Fort Worth 0:24 Injured person on stretcher taken away from congressional baseball practice shooting scene. 0:49 Nick Martinez didn't figure in the decision but held the Astros to two runs Tuesday night 1:27 Jeff Banister on Rougned Odor's big night and Nick Martinez's start 2:30 Vigil against violence 2:13 Colleyville's Alex Scherff, drafted by Red Sox, is Star-Telegram Player of the Year Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email RHP Alex Scherff was 15-0 on the season, including two wins over Grapevine, before being drafted in the 5th round of MLB's amateur draft by the Boston Red Sox. He leads the Star-Telegram Super Team in 2017. kcasas@star-telegram.com
RHP Alex Scherff was 15-0 on the season, including two wins over Grapevine, before being drafted in the 5th round of MLB's amateur draft by the Boston Red Sox. He leads the Star-Telegram Super Team in 2017. kcasas@star-telegram.com
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
By The Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A conservative minister announced he's joining the fight for the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine in 2018.
E.W. Jackson announced his campaign Monday on The John Fredericks Show radio program. The lawyer-turned-preacher ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor in 2013.
He joins Corey Stewart, a former state campaign chairman of President Donald Trump, and Del. Nick Freitas, as announced candidates.
Jackson on Monday previewed a possibly contentious fight with Stewart for the nomination, suggesting Stewart supports tax increases and may be sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood. Stewart said both claims were “ridiculous.”
Advertisement
Jackson's fiery rhetoric added a touch of drama to his 2013 race. He compared Planned Parenthood to the Ku Klux Klan and said former President Barack Obama may be an atheist or a Muslim.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HARRISBURG — Funding for a long-standing state grant program for private colleges and universities would be halved if lawmakers approve Gov. Tom Wolf's proposed state budget.
The Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency has provided institutional assistance grants to nearly 90 higher education institutions that do not receive direct state aid for the past four decades. These grants are based on the number of PHEAA grant recipients enrolled at an institution. The grants help colleges and universities keep education costs down and help students with tuition on a need basis.
Wolf proposes to cut the available grant money from $25.7 million to $12.8 million next year. He would require recipient institutions to provide an as yet undefined matching grant for the state aid.
Wilkes University in Wilkes-Barre received a $586,000 grant in the current academic year, said President Patrick F. Leahy who acknowledged the budget pressures facing the governor and lawmakers.
“Reducing this by 50 percent constitutes a small portion of the university's overall budget, but, because the grants are based on the number of students we serve with financial need, we are sorry to lose any funding that helps us support those students,” he said.
Keystone College in La Plume called the proposed cut a short-sighted approach.
“At Keystone, (institutional assistance grants) are used to assist those students who face the greatest financial obstacles in funding their college education,” Keystone spokesman Fran Calpin said. “Therefore, reducing (the grants) not only impacts private college and universities but adversely affects the educational future of thousands of students in Northeastern Pennsylvania and throughout the state.” Colleges and universities underwrite tuition for students who aren't wealthy but are academic overachievers with these grants, Rep. Mike Peifer, R-139, Greene Township, said. It's an effective way of expanding access to education at private institutions, he said.
Peifer is in line to become chairman of PHEAA's governing board later this month. PHEAA is a legislative-run agency.
A cut in these grants would have a big economic impact on Northeast Pennsylvania because of the considerable number of private colleges and universities there, Peifer said.
The grant program recognizes the large role that private institutions play in higher education in Pennsylvania, said Don Francis, president of the Association of Independent Colleges & Universities of Pennsylvania. They enroll 42 percent of the higher education students and award 49 percent all degrees, yet draw only 11 percent of state spending on higher education.
By tying an institution's grant to the number of PHEAA grant recipients they serve, it steers state aid to low-income and moderate-income students, Francis said.
“This makes the governor's singling out the (institutional assistance grant) program as the only higher education programs for a cut most troubling,” he said.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:13 A sneak peek at Palo Pinto Mountains State Park
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:24 Mule Lip Bar shooting creates new state park
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
A showery start to the new work week.
Most, but not all of the showers are falling on windward and mauka neighborhoods. We should dry out by mid-day, perhaps mid morning, and then see a sunny afternoon with highs in the upper 80s.
Honolulu is forecast to see a max temperature of 89 degrees.
Surf is elevated along east shores due to the breezy trades. South shores will build tomorrow with a long-period swell. Then a larger south is expected Thursday/Friday.
Waves today will be 3-5 feet east, 1-3 feet south and west, 2 feet or fewer north.
Small Craft Advisory for the Pailolo and Alenuihaha channels, Maalaea Bay, along with coastal waters south and west of the Island of Hawaii. There is an area of showers and thunderstorms and a broad low pressure system about 1,000 miles east-southeast of Hilo.
The Central Pacific Hurricane Center says there's a slim chance of organization over the next few days. CPHC puts the chances at 0 percent for the next two days, 10 percent for the next five days. There are two areas of potential development far to our east off the coast of Mexico.
Hurricane season continues until December 1st.
- Dan Cooke
Go to the Hawaii News Now Weather page for the latest forecast or check out our Interactive radar. To get the latest weather conditions on your mobile device click HERE.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
It only took one unpleasant experience speaking with individuals at a casual dinner party to realize I needed to make a change in the way I approached socially and emotionally charged topics related to agriculture.
Initially, the conversation was amicable, with thoughts and ideas freely exchanged. But, when I mentioned that conventional and organic milk have the same nutritional value, oh my, did that set one of the guests off on a tirade against conventional farmers. I felt I needed to match her level of hysteria – and I easily obliged!
Nothing positive was accomplished through that exchange and it left me feeling upset and angry with myself for not maintaining my composure. I missed a fantastic opportunity to at least give some thoughtful, calm insight about how every type of farmer cares for their animals and monitors the quality of milk they produce.
I decided to get help and get help fast! I needed to only look as far as my Farm Bureau.
I began to participate in training events that offered resources and genuine hands-on experience in how to relate to people's concerns regarding how their food is produced. I learned why I needed to keep my emotions in check, how to listen first, ask a few key questions, then calmly and factually share how we care for our cows and crops on our farm.
It took some practice, but over time it became easier to control my emotions. I could tell that people really were listening even when they didn't completely agree. I no longer dread an encounter or embarrass myself.
When passion for your livelihood meets leadership training and preparation, there is no limit to what opportunities are available.
With so few of us producing our nation's food and fiber, it is critical that when we have opportunities to engage with our non-farming friends, we do so in a manner that has the best chance of transforming their view of modern agriculture.
The Sioux Valley Optimists have been helping the youth in the Sioux Empire since 1978. Their main focus is to help children in the community. They support local organizations such as Children's Home Society, Boys and Girls Club, Character on Track, Fostering Hope, and Volunteers of American, just to name a few.
The Sioux Valley Optimists next endeavor is an Elvis Tribute Concert to be held Tuesday, June 12th at 7 PM at the Historic Orpheum Theatre. The Orpheum Theatre is located downtown at 315 N. Phillips Ave.
The performer, Everett Dean, will perform his solo Elvis Tribute show, Elvis: Remembering the King. Dean started his music career by winning his first music contest at the age of 12 and he has been going strong ever since.
Tickets are $20 online at www.siouxvalleyoptimist.com or by calling 605-951-6543. Tickets will also be available at the door for $25.
See Also:
The owners of these homes, Spence said, will have the ability of living off the electrical grid if they so choose. He's getting solar panels for the units from Germany and making allowances for the installation of home-powering batteries once that technology improves. Garages will be equipped with charging units for electric cars and each unit will come with an electric bicycle, too.
“Significant assistance” to storm-affected member states hailed-as 71st meeting of COTED opens.
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 6, 2017
The 71st Special Meeting of the Council for Trade and Economic Development (COTED) on Agriculture was declared open today, at the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Secretariat.
In brief opening remarks, Secretary-General of CARICOM, Irwin LaRocque recalled the “unparalleled” destruction caused by recent hurricanes in the Region and paused to recognise the “significant mobilisation of the Region to assist all affected state.
“Never before has two category five hurricanes ravaged the Region in one season never before has a hurricane moved from category 3 to category 5 in thirty-six hours, as Maria did. The events of last month points to the need for our region to build to face what appears to be the new normal”, La Roque said as he acknowledged the dangers of climate change.
The Secretary-General further noted the proposal to establish a regional agricultural subcommittee and encouraged that it considers plans for the agricultural sector to rebound at the shortest possible time, the provision of planting and other materials for the production of short-term food crops; an integral factor in getting the agricultural sector of affected countries back on track.
“A strong and well-adapted food and agriculture sector means that we are better able to guarantee our food security and create larger economic opportunities for our region,” La Roque noted.
Meanwhile, Minister of Agriculture, Noel Holder told the gathering of Agri-Ministers and technocrats from around the region that in recognition of the importance of agriculture in the achievement of food and nutrition security in the region. “Guyana has adopted a multi-sectoral approach in ensuring that all stakeholders play a meaningful role in addressing the key pillars of security.”
While acknowledging challenges faced, Minister Holder said the “Ministry of Agriculture is committed to ensuring that availability of food is increased and sustained in both quality and quantity.”
Projects, such as the Rural Agricultural Infrastructure Development (RAID), sustainable Agriculture Development Programme in the southwest and intermediate savannahs and the Hinterland Environmentally Sustainable Agriculture Development Project, were identified as government's initiatives toward ensuring access to food.
Today's meeting was chaired by Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and Fisheries of Suriname, Soeresh Algoe. The meeting is expected to examine issues aimed at advancing the Agricultural Policy Framework of the Region, trade issues, value chain development through innovations in agriculture and fisheries, strengthening inter-sectoral linkages between food and agriculture and public health in addressing non-communicable diseases, and matters relating to the common external tariff among others.
COTED promotes trade and economic development of CARICOM and oversees the operations of the Single Market and Economy.
The council bears oversight responsibility for Agriculture, Energy, Environment and Sustainable Development, ICT for Development, Services, Statistics, Tourism, Trade Negotiations, and Transportation.
By: Kidackie Amsterdam
Magnetic materials could now be developed faster than ever before, thanks to computer modelling techniques used to build two new types of magnets, atom-by-atom.
By using software to predict atom energy, stability, and other interactions inside a computer model, the researchers whittled down 236,115 potentially promising compounds to a shortlist of just 14 very quickly.
That's a huge improvement over the traditional trial-and-error methods currently used by scientists, according to the team from Duke University, and could lead to the rapid discovery of new magnets for all kinds of purposes, from medical devices to car engines.
"Predicting magnets is a heck of a job and their discovery is very rare," says one of the researchers, Stefano Curtarolo from the Centre for Materials Genomics at Duke. "Even with our screening process, it took years of work to synthesise our predictions."
A microscopic look at the two new materials. Credit: Duke University
With only about 5 percent of known inorganic compounds showing even a hint of magnetism, scientists are keen to develop new materials in the lab to supplement them.
This research focussed on a family of materials called Heusler alloys, composed of atoms from three different elements arranged in one of three distinct structures – giving 236,115 possible combinations in all.
By using computer models of potential prototypes – which calculated how atoms might interact, and the energy that would be required – the list was quickly cut down.
The models were also able to look for magnetic moments in each compound, or how they would react to external magnetic fields.
Finally, scientists were left with 14 candidates for new materials that they could then work on synthesising in the lab: of four that were chosen, two were eventually developed over the course of several years.
Although the synthesising process is still relatively slow, working on a handful of potential compounds is easier than trying to find the right combination in a group of 236,115, which is why the computer modelling technique could be so useful.
"There can be all types of constraints or special conditions that are required for a material to stabilise," explains one of the team, Corey Oses. "But choosing from 14 is a lot better than 200,000."
The first new material, Co 2 MnTi, combined cobalt, manganese, and titanium, and researchers were able to accurately predict the new magnet's properties, including the Curie temperature (the point when the material loses its magnetism).
That temperature turned out to be 938 Kelvin (1,228 degrees Fahrenheit), very close to the predicted 940 Kelvin (1,232 degrees Fahrenheit), making the material potentially useful in many commercial applications.
The second magnetic material, Mn 2 PtPd, mixes manganese, platinum, and palladium, and again the computer predictions about its properties proved to be very accurate.
Mn 2 PtPd was found to be an antiferromagnet, where electrons are evenly divided in their alignments – meaning the material has no internal magnetic moment of its own, but its electrons are responsive to external magnetic fields.
This material could be used in hard drives, Random Access Memory (RAM), and magnetic field sensing devices, the scientists say, but the method used to find these materials is what's most important.
"It doesn't really matter if either of these new magnets proves useful in the future," says Curtarolo. "The ability to rapidly predict their existence is a major coup and will be invaluable to materials scientists moving forward."
The research has been published in Science Advances.
HTC unveiled the U Ultra and U Play smartphones in January. At the time of launch, it was claimed that these phones will be released in March. Now, the pricing details of both the HTC phones have been revealed.
The HTC U Ultra and U Play have been listed on the company's official online store in the UK as well as the third-party retailers. Going by the same, the U Ultra is listed for GBP 649 (approx. Rs. 54,000) and U Play is listed for GBP 399 (approx. Rs. 33,000). HTC has mentioned that the shipping of these smartphones will debut on March 1. As of now, the pricing of these HTC phones in the other markets are yet to be revealed.
Detailing on the specifications, the HTC U Ultra bestows a 5.7-inch Super LCD display with QHD 1440p resolution and a secondary 2-inch screen with 1040x160 pixel resolution. This dual display arrangement is a major highlight of the smartphone. Also, it has the new Sense Companion, an AI-based system with the ability to learn the daily patterns of users providing usage recommendations.
Also Read: Will Nokia 3310 make sense in the era of smartphones?
Under its hood, the device uses a quad-core Snapdragon 821 SoC paired with 4GB RAM and comes in 64GB and 128GB internal storage variants. The other specs of the HTC U Ultra include a 12MP UltraPixel rear camera and a 16MP front-facer as well. There is a 3,000mAh battery powering this smartphone from within.
On the other hand, the HTC U Play boasts of a 5.2-inch FHD 1080p display and employs an octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor. The phones come in two variants - one with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage capacity and the other with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage space. The camera department is similar to the U Ultra while the battery capacity is slightly lower at 2,500mAh. Otherwise, both the smartphones run Android 7.0 Nougat with Sense UI on top.
The Missouri Tigers have offered Aledo 2019 DE Colt Ellison and Keller Central 2020 WR DJ Graham.
Blessed to receive my 25th offer from The University of Missouri! pic.twitter.com/NdG523ciff — Colt Ellison (@colt_ellison44) April 23, 2018
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Ellison is a 3-star prospect and now holds 25 offers from TCU, Notre Dame, Baylor, Oklahoma State, Illinois, Texas State, UT-San Antonio, Tulsa and more.
He's recorded 186 tackles, 34 for loss, 23.5 sacks the past two seasons for the Bearcats, who won a state title in 2016 and were state runner-up in 2017.
Ellison was voted first team all-district in 2017 and defensive newcomer in 2016.
He's ranked the No. 37 weak-side defensive end in the nation and No. 63 overall prospect in the state. He's projected to commit with TCU, per 247Sports.
SHARE COPY LINK Aledo junior defensive end Colt Ellison laid out Richland quarterback Drew Trent during the first half of the 5A Division II state quarterfinals. Trent was okay and returned in the second half. Brian Gossetbgosset@star-telegram.com
Graham is a 4-star prospect that excels on both sides of the ball.
He's up to 10 offers from Baylor, Arkansas, Georgia, Houston, SMU, Indiana, Utah and Tulsa. He was recently offered by LSU.
Graham was voted district offensive newcomer of the year in 2016 as a freshman, and has recorded over 1,000 yards, nine TDs, 33 tackles and three interceptions in two seasons for the Chargers.
In a story June 13 about a man who took a rifle to a pizza restaurant while investigating an internet conspiracy theory, The Associated Press misspelled Edgar Welch's middle name. It is Maddison, not Madison.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Man arrested in DC ‘pizzagate' incident apologizes in letter
A man who walked into a District of Columbia pizza restaurant with an assault rifle, intent on investigating internet rumors dubbed “pizzagate,” is apologizing and saying he realizes now “just how foolish and reckless” he was
By JESSICA GRESKO
Associated Press
A man who walked into a District of Columbia pizza restaurant with an assault rifle, intent on investigating internet rumors dubbed “pizzagate,” is apologizing and saying he realizes now “just how foolish and reckless” he was.
Edgar Maddison Welch made those statements in a letter submitted to a judge Tuesday ahead of his sentencing set for June 22. In a court document, his attorney asked he is sentenced to 1 ½ years in prison. In a separate document, prosecutors wrote he should be sentenced to 4 ½ years in prison.
Welch, who is from Salisbury, North Carolina, pleaded guilty in March to two charges in connection with the case.
As part of his guilty plea Welch has acknowledged entering the Comet Ping Pong restaurant Dec. 4 with an AR-15 assault rifle and a revolver. He also acknowledged driving to the restaurant from North Carolina to investigate a conspiracy theory about Democrats harboring child sex slaves there. Patrons fled when they saw Welch enter the restaurant, and when he encountered a locked storage closet he fired multiple times. No one was injured.
In his 1-page, handwritten letter filed with the court Tuesday but dated June 2, Welch wrote that he “came to D.C. with the intent of helping people I believed were in dire need of assistance, and to bring an end to a corruption that I truly felt was harming innocent lives.”
He wrote that he wanted to apologize and that he acted without considering the repercussions of his actions or the possible harm.
“It was never my intention to harm or frighten innocent lives, but I realize now just how foolish and reckless my decision was,” he wrote.
Comet Ping Pong owner James Alefantis has said the “pizzagate” hoax that spread on the internet threw the lives of everyone connected with the shop into chaos.
Welch's attorney Dani Jahn wrote in asking for a 1 ½ year sentence that Welch has previously worked as an emergency medical technician and volunteered in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake there. She wrote that he's an involved parent to his 7-year-old stepdaughter and 4-year-old daughter. She also noted he surrendered peacefully after realizing that no children were being harmed at the restaurant.
In their own filing, prosecutors wrote that the fact that no one was shot was “entirely the product of good luck — the fortuitous facts that nobody interfered with the defendant's progress and that nobody was behind the door which he ultimately shot through.”
Prosecutors Demian Ahn and Sonali Patel wrote that a “significant sentence” was required not only to punish Welch but to “deter other would-be vigilantes from attempting similar crimes against innocent subjects of the next internet-inspired conspiracy theory.”
Welch has pleaded guilty to interstate transportation of a firearm and assault with a dangerous weapon. As part of the guilty plea, prosecutors will drop a third charge, possessing a firearm during a crime of violence, which had carried a mandatory minimum prison term of five years.
Lawyers said in court in March that under sentencing guidelines Welch likely faces 1 ½ to two years in prison as a result of the interstate transportation charge and 1 ½ to five years for the assault charge. Sentences on the charges could run either consecutively or concurrently.
Prosecutors are asking for two years on the first charge and 4 ½ years on the second charge to run concurrently.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For the second summer in succession Cheltenham Town face a battle to retain the services of Harry Pell.
A rival League Two clubs are keen to sign the 26-year-old, who was close to joining Blackpool in a £200,000 move last August.
On that occasion the Robins accepted the bid, but with a two year deal on the table Pell failed to agree personal terms with the newly-promoted League One side.
He missed the first game of this season, a 2-1 defeat at Morecambe, due to the proposed switch to Bloomfield Road.
But he returned as a substitute to help Cheltenham knock League One Oxford United out of the Carabao Cup at the Kassam Stadium three days later.
Chesterfield were also keen on the 6ft 5in midfielder last summer, but a different club from the fourth tier have now made an approach to capture his signature ahead of 2018/19.
Pell signed a two-and-a-half year contract extension in January 2017, keeping him at Whaddon Road until the end of next season.
He joined Cheltenham ahead of their National League title winning campaign of 2015/16, instantly becoming a fans' favourite and he has made more than 120 starts for the club.
Born in Essex, Pell started out in the youth set-up at Charlton Athletic before spells at Bristol Rovers, Hereford, AFC Wimbledon and Eastleigh.
A specialist central midfielder, Pell has also been used as a wide forward and a central striker in his three years with the Robins.
He has scored three goals in his last five games, including a brace in the 5-3 win at Crawley Town on March 24.
But he missed Saturday's 4-3 defeat at Cambridge United after having two wisdom teeth removed.
When he is on song he is undoubtedly one of Cheltenham's most influential players, regularly catching the eye of opposition managers and fans alike.
Megan Fox is taking history to task in a new Travel Channel series.
The network has ordered four episodes of Mysteries and Myths With Megan Fox (working title), in which the actress travels the globe with archaeologists and experts to ask tough questions and challenge conventional wisdom. The show will explore some of the greatest mysteries of time, including whether Amazon women really existed and if the Trojan War was real.
RELATEDHidden Figures Series Eyed at Nat Geo
Per Travel Channel, Fox has been obsessed since an early age with the history of ancient cultures, people and places, always questioning their “documented” story. The actress — whose recent TV credits include an arc on New Girl — will also serve as a co-creator and producer on the program.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* Season 2 of HBO's Westworld premiered on Sunday night to 2.06 million total viewers, up from both its Oct. 2016 series launch (1.96 mil) and its freshman average (1.8 mil). With an encore plus streaming factored in, the premiere audience swelled to 3 million, down a tick from its launch's 3.3 mil.
* ABC has ordered the unscripted dating show The Proposal, hosted by former Bachelor Jesse Palmer and produced by Mike Fleiss (The Bachelor). In each episode of the series, premiering this summer, 10 male or female daters compete in four pageant-style rounds as they attempt to woo a mystery suitor. After the contestants have been whittled down, only the two remaining daters will meet the suitor for the first time and present a romantic proposal of their choice.
* Sony Crackle's original drama The Oath, starring Sean Bean, Ryan Kwanten and Katrina Law, has been renewed for Season 2.
* Steve Martin and Martin Short's Netflix comedy special An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life will debut Friday, May 25.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: Marty Short's and my new @netflix special will be aired May 25th! “An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life.” I sure you thought, “I'll bet it's not a big announcement,” and now you have to eat your thoughts. Because it's undeniably big. pic.twitter.com/kYjD0m0Qer — Steve Martin (@SteveMartinToGo) April 24, 2018
* The British-American period drama Harlots will return to Hulu for Season 2 with two episodes on Wednesday, July 11.
* Paramount Network has renewed the tattoo-competition series Ink Master for Season 11.
* Freeform has released a teaser for The Bold Type Season 2, premiering June 12 at 8/7c:
It's about to get real. Don't miss the 2-hour Season Premiere of #TheBoldType on June 12th at 8/7c on @FreeformTV. pic.twitter.com/kDKWdil3oz — The Bold Type (@TheBoldTypeTV) April 23, 2018
Which of today's TVLine Items piques your interest?
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives say if the Liberals are willing to put up billions of dollars to save the Trans Mountain pipeline to the West Coast, they should be willing to provide the same level of certainty to revive the Energy East line to the East Coast.
Opposition parties are sharpening their attacks on the government's decision to buy Trans Mountain for $4.5 billion to ensure it gets built, with the Conservatives looking to see how far the government is willing to go on other pipelines and the NDP arguing the Liberals have completely abandoned their environmental principles.
Conservative MP Lisa Raitt says the government seems to take for granted the 32 seats it won in Atlantic Canada in the last election, since it is willing to give certainty to Trans Mountain but didn't step in to save Energy East when TransCanada pulled the plug on that project last fall.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Energy East is "old news" and the Conservatives are just embarrassed that they couldn't get pipelines built when they were in government.
Speech to Text for New week same temperatures
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
around 74. northeast wind 3 to 5 mph. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a chance of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm, then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 3am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. chance of precipitation is 30%. of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm. partly cloudy, with a low around 74. northeast wind 3 to 5 mph. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a chance of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm, then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 3am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. chance of precipitation is 30%. of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm. partly cloudy, with a low around 74. northeast wind 3 to 5 mph. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a chance of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm, then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 3am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. chance of precipitation is 30%. of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm. partly cloudy, with a low around 74. northeast wind 3 to 5 mph. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a chance of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm, then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 3am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. chance of precipitation is 30%. of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm. partly cloudy, with a low around 74. northeast wind 3 to 5 mph. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a chance of showers and thunderstorms before 9pm, then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 3am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. chance of precipitation is 30%. nowadays everyone has a need to be connected. "new
Officials in Van Zandt County are searching for three missing teens.
The Edgewood Police Department and surrounding local agencies are looking for what they are calling 3 runaways between the ages of 13 and 16 years old.
Cheyenne Andrews, Bryan Nyman, and Steven Shumate reportedly went missing from their residence in the 2400 block of Van Zandt County Road 3504 near Wills Point. All three kids were living in the same foster home for about 4 years. They are not related. According to the Van Zandt County Sheriff's Office, none have a prior history of running away.
Officials say they are reaching out to the biological families but so far this is not being treated as an abduction.
The Sheriff's Office says to their knowledge, two of the children have an intellectual disability.
The City of Edgewood confirms currently, a ground and air search are being conducted with the Sheriff's Department, local agencies, and the Van Zandt County Game Warden.
The city says if you are interested in volunteering you can call the Sheriff's department at 903-567-4133 and add your name to a list. Coordination of volunteers will begin this afternoon after 1:00 p.m. All civilian volunteers should to report to the Edgewood fire station
The City of Edgewood posted to their Facebook page that there are 2 males, wearing white t-shirts, and one female who is wearing a pink backpack who are currently missing.
If you know of their whereabouts you are asked to contact officials immediately.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Byrne Mech Ltd., based in Athenry, has vacancies for a Full Time Mig &Tig Welder, a Trainee Welder and also Brake Press
Operators.
Applicants must have relevant experience in fabrication work and be able to work using their own initiative and with
direction.
Please email CV & cover letter to [email protected]
Submitted by chucky on Tue, 06/13/2017 - 12:19.
(Paul Halford, RunBlogRun) - RunBlogRun asked Paul Halford to write a blog each week. This is his first column. We will call it UK Athletics Diary. Paul was a long time contributor to Athletics Weekly and will provide us with an inside view on the birthplace of modern athletics.
Enjoy Paul's insights into the sport.
Future's bright for Yee despite horrific accident
After being asked to write this blog, I had been planning to seek out for interview GB's top junior prospect, Alex Yee, following his recent 13:37 for 5000m. However, I then heard the terrible news last week that the talented triathlete had been hospitalised after a crash in a race in Italy. His coach, Ken Pike, nevertheless filled me in on what he thinks his remarkable 19-year-old charge can do when he returns to the track.
Yee is out for the season, Pike unsurprisingly asserted, and so we have been denied the chance to see Yee try to become European junior 5000m champion and line up in a race including Mo Farah at the London Diamond League this summer. However, the teenager, who tangled with another competitor in an ITU Triathlon World Cup event in Cagliari on Sunday and suffered broken ribs, vertebrae and a collapsed lung, is stable and well enough to post to Instagram pictures of himself in hospital.
When he ran 13:37.60 in Belgium at the end of the last month to clock the quickest time by a British junior since 1981, it seemed 2017 could be the best year yet for Yee. Nineteen seconds quicker than Farah at the same age, it massively impressed Pike, one of the Britain's most respected distance coaches. "He was going so well with that 13:37 5000m and he was looking to go quicker," he said. "He stuck to the race plan well. He ran an even race, which would indicate that perhaps there's a bit more there."
Pike revealed Yee had accepted an invite to the London Diamond League and "was planning on winning" at the European Juniors in July. The coach, who operates out of London-based club Kent AC, says Yee is the most talented athlete he has ever guided. "I think he's capable of running sub-13 in two or three years' time," he said. However, doubt exists over whether Yee will stay in the sport, given his potential in triathlon.
He is the current ITU duathlon world junior champion and was fifth last year in the ITU World Triathlon Grand Final. He is forever being asked which sport he will concentrate on. For now, as Pike confirmed this week, he is planning to do both for as long as he can. "He's going to decide depending on how things pan out," he said. "He enjoys the running more than anything else he does, so we've got some chance of getting him, but of course, he could make a living in the triathlon, whereas it's very difficult [in running] with all the Africans."
One thing is certain, though: the triathlon training is working. Yee is one of a number of triathletes almost showing up their running-specific counterparts. For example, Tim Don, who recently set the world record for the Ironman, has run 28:56 for 10km on the roads and double Olympic triathlon champion Alistair Brownlee has clocked 28:32 on the track. "He keeps coming down [to the track] on Tuesday nights where I can try to get him faster, which is the key," said Pike. "He's doing a lot of slow, podding stuff with the tri training, which has certainly worked for him. But he only runs about three times a week, which is amazing for 13:37. I would almost certainly try and keep in some tri training even if he does give up the triathlon."
As for Yee's future route, a lot is left in the balance. It is, after all, Britain's triathlon rather than track and field body which is funding him. Also if he - as seems very possible - takes up an invite from Alistair Brownlee and his fellow Olympic medallist brother Jonathan to train in Leeds, which is the UK's main centre for triathlon, the chances of track and field holding on to him appear lessened. "I feel as though I don't particularly want to push the athletics (track and field) too hard," said Pike. "As long as he's enjoying it and seeing some progress he's going to veer towards the athletics - that's my view."
The sport of track and field in Britain could do more to stop talented athletes being lost to other sports, believes Pike. "No one's really prepared, I think, in athletics to take a chance," he said. "You've got to tick this box, you've got to achieve that. No one really is looking at the potential of athletes and taking a chance as the selectors would in the old days." The future looks good for Yee - but in which sport?
Some thoughts on the steeplechase in the UK...
Among the events to suffer since Britain was at the forefront of world middle and long-distance running in the Seventies and Eighties, is the men's steeplechase. But this year has seen something of a mini-revival for a discipline which has been the doldrums on a national level. The rot was widespread in 2009 when two of the country's top four from the previous year quit the event.
Another of the quartet, Stuart Stokes, had to be persuaded back from semi-retirement by the federation as Britain struggled to field an elite representative for the European Team Competition. Aside from a US-based runner assumed to not be available, the fastest as that June event came around was an 8:54 man. Ironically, it was Stokes' disillusionment after being controversially overlooked for Olympic selection the previous year by UK Athletics that led him to take time out.
That year only two Brits went under 8:40 and seven under nine minutes. In 2013, only six athletes entered the national championships as organisers tried to not lower the entry standards too far that it became a farce. However, at the start of June and not even halfway through the season yet, already five athletes have broken 8:40 and 16 have gone under nine minutes - the highest levels for both since 2012. Mark Rowland's UK record of 8:07.96 from 1988 remains out of sight, but at least now British runners seem to want to run the steeplechase again.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — President Donald Trump's two sons in charge of his global business empire will attend a closed-door event this coming weekend to mark the opening of the Trump International Golf Club in Dubai, organizers said Wednesday.
The ceremony in the Mideast city-state home to the world's tallest building marks the first major event abroad that Eric and Donald Jr. will attend together since their father's inauguration.
It also comes as questions still swirl about how the Trump Organization's many international business interests will affect the administration of America's 45th president.
Already, a liberal-funded watchdog group has filed a lawsuit alleging his business violates the so-called emolument act of the U.S. Constitution.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, news reports have described Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe huddling with staff over a North Korea ballistic missile launch in front of diners and waiters at his Florida resort this past weekend.
The 18-hole Dubai golf course is part of a larger villa and apartment building project by DAMAC Properties, a Dubai-based developer owned by billionaire Hussain Sajwani. Recently renamed DAMAC Hills, the project surrounds the golf club managed by the Trump Organization.
One of the Trump Organization's subsidiaries received from $1 million to $5 million from DAMAC, according to a U.S. Federal Election Committee report submitted in May. Sajwani and his family also attended a New Year's Eve celebration at Trump's Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, while Trump days later told journalists that DAMAC had offered the Trump Organization $2 billion in deals.
The Dubai golf course marks Trump's first successful venture in the Arab world. Another Trump-managed golf course is planned for another even larger DAMAC project under development and the developer has been putting up billboards around Dubai advertising the newly opened course.
Trump's two sons, who took over management of the Trump Organization after their father stepped aside, had been anticipated to attend the ceremonial opening of the Dubai course. The Trump Organization earlier referred questions about the event to DAMAC.
DAMAC spokesman Niall McLoughlin told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the ceremony Saturday would be a “closed event.” He declined to elaborate.
It's unclear what security precautions will be taken for the visit, as experts already have warned the Trump brand abroad now faces a global terror risk .
Both Eric and Donald Jr. receive Secret Service protection as immediate family members of the president. The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi has declined to comment about the trip, while Dubai police did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The Dubai visit comes as the Trump Organization finds its footing after its patriarch entered the White House.
Before Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration, his son Eric visited the Trump Tower Punta del Este in Uruguay to check on the tower's progress and personally greet buyers. A Trump hotel in Vancouver, British Columbia, is also expected to soon host Trump's sons.
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . His work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
Greens leader Richard Di Natale says party members are entitled to their view on his leadership.
Greens leader Richard Di Natale says party members are entitled to their view on his leadership.
Richard Di Natale says Greens members calling on him to resign are entitled to their views, but he's not going anywhere.
The senator's leadership is under pressure after Labor won the Batman by-election in Melbourne, where the Greens were the bookmakers' favourite.
Three-time co-convenor of the West Australian Greens, Grahame Bowland on Monday publicly called for Senator Di Natale to quit.
"What have we got, 15,000 members or so? Everyone's entitled to their view," Senator Di Natale told reporters on Tuesday.
"We (recently) had our first member of the lower house elected in Queensland, we had a doubling of our representation in Western Australia."
But the Queensland Greens have said their success came after they focused on local issues and ignored the national campaign lines.
Senator Di Natale said an investigation into internal fighting in the Batman campaign was "taking shape".
He has promised to purge the branch of anyone who leaked bullying complaints about candidate Alex Bhathal.
Mr Bowland said it wasn't the first time the leader had suppressed dissent, and wouldn't be the last.
"We would have to be fools to think that Richard's call for a purge is in any long term sense limited to those allegedly responsible for the alleged leaks in Batman," he said on Facebook on Monday.
Numb – Wasted Sky
This limited vinyl of the classic Numb album "Wasted Sky" is a masterful blend of guitars & electronics. Originally released in the mid 90's, this album still stands as a benchmark for industrial music. Dissonant, laden with hooks, driving & teeming with seething aggression, this varied, beloved release helped spawn a generation of industrial acts. Limited to 500 copies.
This post is syndicated from AlterNation Music Magazine.
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) — California coach Cuonzo Martin played a haunch and decided to start Grant Mullins for the first time since late November.
It couldn't have worked out any better for the Golden Bears.
Mullins scored a season-high 20 points to lead four players in double figures and California pulled away late in the second half to beat Arizona State 81-65 on Sunday night.
Ivan Rabb had 20 points, 15 rebounds and five assists for his sixth double-double of the season despite being in foul trouble. Jabari Bird added 16 points and Sam Singer scored 10 to help the Bears (10-4, 1-1 Pac-12) snap a two-game losing streak.
“I just felt like it was right to put him back in the lineup,” Martin said of Mullins, who had come off the bench the previous six games after starting four of his first five. “I didn't think he was playing at the level, didn't have his legs on him, until right now. The other thing with that is for him to get in the lineup and do what he does well. He showed that tonight.”
Mullins provided a big spark for the Bears, who were missing one of their top scorers when they started their decisive run in the second half.
Rabb went to the bench with his fourth foul and California a slim lead. Arizona State responded with a quick 6-0 run all on free throws to go up 61-60.
After Singer's free throw tied it with 5:45 left, Bird followed with a one-handed dunk, Kingsley Okoroh added his own emphatic dunk and California went on to make its final eight shots while outscoring Arizona State 21-4 down the stretch.
“That was big for us,” Mullins said. “We have a lot of confidence in (Rabb) but he can't play 40 minutes a night. When he's off the floor other guys have to step up and we showed that we could tonight.”
Obinna Oleka had 18 points and five rebounds while Tra Holder scored 14 points for the Sun Devils (8-7, 1-1).
Arizona State was attempting to go 2-0 in conference for only the fifth time in program history but struggled to score in the second half and was held 18 points below its season average of 83.5.
“When Rabb went out I don't think we capitalized on that the way we needed to,” Sun Devils coach Bobby Hurley said. “We just couldn't get any separation from them with Rabb on the bench.”
California, coming off consecutive losses to No. 12 Virginia last week and No. 18 Arizona on Friday, made 11 3-pointers — one shy of its season high while holding the Sun Devils to 7-of-24 beyond the arc.
The Bears made only eight combined 3s in their previous two games but had seven in the first half against the Sun Devils. Rabb and Mullins had two apiece while Charlie Moore's 3-pointer helped California take a 38-37 halftime lead.
RABB'S 3'S
Rabb had made only one 3-pointer in 45 career games at California before connecting on both of his shots from beyond the arc against Arizona State. “He hits them all the time in practice,” Mullins said.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State: Hurley's squad wasn't as efficient on offense as it had been, shooting 40 percent overall and only 29.2 percent on 3s. The Sun Devils had three one-and-one opportunities during a 15-second span midway through the second half but were held to just one field goal over the final 9:44.
California: Rabb set the tone early before fouls slowed him up and showed some range with his jumper he hadn't previously exhibited. He notched his double-double before halftime with 16 points and 10 rebounds. He was limited to 12 minutes after the break with foul trouble, however.
UP NEXT
Arizona State: Returns home to host Colorado on Thursday night.
California: The Bears go on the road for the first time since early December and play at UCLA on Thursday.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
TOKYO (AP) — Share prices are mostly higher in Europe and Asia on Monday, lifted by encouraging employment data from the U.S. that took the Standard & Poor's 500 index to its third straight weekly gain on Friday despite weakness earlier in the week.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX climbed 0.1 percent to 13,162.33 while the CAC 40 in France added less than 0.1 percent to 5,401.78. Britain's climbed 0.7 percent to 7,443.25. Dow futures added 0.2 percent to 24,374.00 and S&P 500 futures were up 0.1 percent, auguring an upbeat start to the week.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: “The U.S. Federal Reserve, the ECB and the Bank of England will issue interest rate announcements this week. While the Fed is almost certain to lift rates by 0.25 percent, the consensus points to no changes from the ECB and BOE. The central bankers' take on the state of growth and inflation are potentially market moving. US inflation and retail sales numbers, and November industrial production in China headline a long list of releases this week,” Michael McCarthy of CMC Markets said in a commentary.
BITCOIN: The first-ever bitcoin future jumped as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,500 during Asian trading hours after it was launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. By 0930 GMT it was at $17,500.00. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000. As of 0700 GMT it was at $16,516.97 on the private exchange Coindesk.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent to 22,983.73 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent to 28,923.94. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher to 6,030.01 and the Shanghai Composite index added 0.9 percent to 3,318.87. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent at 2,471.49. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent to 33,329.96 and shares in Southeast Asia also were higher.
ENERGY: The price of oil fell back, with benchmark U.S. crude losing 42 cents to $56.94 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gained 67 cents to $57.06 per barrel on Friday. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 14 cents to $63.26 per barrel. It rose $1.20 to $63.40 per barrel on Friday.
CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 113.40 Japanese yen from 113.48 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1794 from $1.1774, and the British pound dropped to $1.3374 from $1.3465.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Carter Lee Krehbiel, four years old, passed away Wednesday, April 12, 2017, at Wesley Medical Center, Wichita. He was born Sept. 6, 2012, in Hutchinson, to Dustin Lee and Amy Kristin (Schletzbaum) Krehbiel.
Carter attended Candy Lane Preschool and Church of the Holy Cross, Hutchinson. He loved the outdoors, especially the family farm. Carter was adventurous, outgoing, enjoyed learning and caring for others. He loved being a big brother to his sister, Kennedy. Carter left an impression on everyone he met. He will be greatly missed by his family and friends.
Survivors include: his parents, Dustin and Amy; sister, Kennedy Claire, all of the home; maternal grandparents, John and Mary Schletzbaum of Hutchinson; paternal grandparents, Ernest and Judy Krehbiel of Moundridge; aunts and uncles, Jeff and Christine Schletzbaum of Hutchinson, Ryan and Serena Schletzbaum of Kansas City, MO, Wes and Ashley Stucky of Moundridge; and numerous cousins.
He was preceded in death by his maternal grandmother, Terri Schletzbaum and paternal grandmother, Cheryl Krehbiel.
Parish rosary will be 6 p.m. Monday, April 17, 2017, at Church of the Holy Cross, 26th and Plum, Hutchinson, with Father Roger S. Lumbre officiating. A visitation will follow with the family to receive friends from 6:30 to 8 p.m. at the church. Mass of Christian burial will be 10 a.m. Tuesday, April 18, 2017, at Church of the Holy Cross, with Father Roger S. Lumbre and Father Ned J. Blick officiating. Burial will follow in the Eden Church Cemetery, Moundridge, with Pastors Derek King and Dianne Schmidt officiating. Friends may call from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday, April 17, 2017, at Elliott Mortuary, Hutchinson. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the Church of the Holy Cross, Eden Mennonite Church, or Wesley Children's Foundation, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
SERVICES Rosary Monday, April 17, 2017
6:00 PM Church of The Holy Cross
2631 Independence Road
Hutchinson, KS 67502
Get Directions on Google Maps Family to receive friends Monday, April 17, 2017
6:30 PM – 8:00 PM Church of The Holy Cross
2631 Independence Road
Hutchinson, KS 67502
Get Directions on Google Maps Mass Tuesday, April 18, 2017
10:00 AM Church of The Holy Cross
2631 Independence Road
Hutchinson, KS 67502
Get Directions on Google Maps
By The Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's Oil Ministry has published list of 29 international companies qualified to bid for oil and gas projects following the lifting of sanctions under a landmark nuclear accord.
The list published on the ministry's website Monday includes several multinational firms, among them Total, Shell, Eni, Gazprom and Schlumberger.
In October, Iran invited foreign companies to bid for 50 exploration and production projects for the first time since the 2015 nuclear deal with world powers.
Iran has upgraded its model for oil contracts, allowing for the full recovery of costs over almost two decades. In October, Iran signed the first such contract with a local oil company.
Chantilly, Virginia (webnewswire) July 4, 2018 – The Fairfax roof repair contractors at Beyond Exteriors recently published a homeowners guide to roof repair. The guide was designed to help homeowners diagnose and understand a variety of problems that could occur with their roofs over the course of their home ownership.
Roofing problems can be difficult to spot. They can also cause significant damage to a home if they are not treated quickly. However, most homeowners do not have the training needed to accurately identify and fix many of these problems. As a result, problems may be left untreated for so long that they compound to create even more dangerous situations than if they had been resolved right away. While it is inadvisable for homeowners to attempt repairing their own roofs, understanding the signs of damage can save a homeowner time, money, and stress in the future.
Beyond Exteriors' roofing guide was created to empower homeowners with the knowledge they need to ensure the integrity of their roof and the safety of their family and property inside the house. The guide includes information about routine maintenance that should be undertaken to prevent problems in the first place. It also educates homeowners on warning signs of potential damage, such as torn off or damaged shingles, exposed nails, overfilled or malfunctioning gutters, sagging, leakage, and soft spots. Some of these problems do not require immediate repairs, and an appointment can be made to have them resolved at the homeowner's convenience. Other issues, such as leakage, should be resolved immediately. In either case, a professional roof repair contract must be contacted, as attempting to undertake a do-it-yourself roof repair project can lead to further damages, expenses, and possibly injury.
Beyond Exteriors has been conducting roof replacement, repair, and installation in the Fairfax area since 2010. The firm's services are customized based on the needs and goals of each individual homeowner, and its work is often covered by a lifetime guarantee. Beyond Exteriors can also complete emergency roof leak repair and maintains a 24/7 hotline for emergency tarping services. The firm offers free estimates for all projects.
To speak with a professional roof repair contractor for more information, or to make an appointment for a roof repair service, contact Beyond Exteriors at 703-854-9820 or online at https://www.beyondexteriors.com/. Beyond Exteriors is headquartered at 14524 Lee Road, Unit E, Chantilly, VA 20151.
###
The following release and accompanying images can be found at: http://news. agu. org/ press-release/ agu-fall-meeting-mistletoe-is-kiss-of-death-to-drought-stressed-trees/
AGU Fall Meeting: Mistletoe is 'kiss of death' to drought-stressed trees
Ernest N. Morial Convention Center
New Orleans, Louisiana
11-15 December 2017
AGU Contacts:
Nanci Bompey
+1 (914) 552-5759
nbompey@agu.org
Lauren Lipuma
+1 (504) 427-6069
llipuma@agu.org
AGU Fall Meeting Press Room:
Morial Convention Center, Room 350-351
+1 (504) 670-5513
news@agu.org
Included in this announcement:
1. Research from the AGU Fall Meeting: Mistletoe is 'kiss of death' to drought-stressed trees
2. Today's press events
3. Additional press conference: The September 2017 Tehuantepec and Puebla earthquakes in Mexico
4. Noteworthy sessions happening today
5. Potentially newsworthy presentations
6. Online media resources
Please visit the 2017 Fall Meeting Media Center to view previous media advisories and press releases that include important information about press registration, badge pickup, press conferences, quiet rooms, searching the scientific program, and AGU On-Demand.
1. Research from the AGU Fall Meeting: Mistletoe is 'kiss of death' to drought-stressed trees
NEW ORLEANS -- Around the holidays, a sprig of mistletoe over a doorway is festive and romantic. But mistletoe has a sinister side: The parasitic plant can sometimes kill the very tree it depends on for food by robbing its host of water during dry spells, according to new research being presented here.
There are about 1,600 known species of mistletoe around the world, all of which sink their roots into trees and shrubs, and extract water, carbon and nutrients from them. Mistletoes are an important part of the ecosystems where they live, but can sometimes create problems for their hosts. Trees with too much mistletoe growing on them can become less healthy and even die when the weather is hot and dry for too long.
"It's not a bad thing to have as part of an ecosystem," said Anne Griebel, a plant researcher at Western Sydney University in Richmond, Australia, who will be presenting new findings about mistletoe on Monday, December 11 at the 2017 American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting in New Orleans. "But if you have too much it can cause death to trees."
It's well-known that mistletoe can kill trees, but it's not been clear exactly how the parasite harms its host, said Griebel. She and her colleagues suspected that mistletoe lacks the ability to adjust and conserve water during dry, hot weather, causing its host tree to lose too much water.
To verify this, Griebel and her team equipped two species of Eucalyptus trees with instruments that measure how sap - and therefore water - flows in trees infested and not infested with mistletoe. They also compared the rates of sap flow between branches on the same trees - those branches with only mistletoe leaves and those without mistletoe.
As expected, during the hottest, driest weather, the Eucalyptus trees adjusted to the conditions by closing the small pores on their leaves, called stomata, to minimize transpiration and conserve water. This dramatically slows the sap flowing through the host branches, helping the tree to conserve water.
However, the researchers found that despite the hot weather, the rate of sap flow on mistletoe-infested branches did not slow down to conserve water. The mistletoe lacked the adaptation for hot, dry weather that the Eucalyptus trees had. The mistletoe just kept living the high-life, drawing water and nutrients from the Eucalyptus trees.
This led water to be lost from the mistletoe leaves at a much higher - and sometimes unsustainable - rate compared to the water loss from the Eucalyptus leaves. This higher rate of evaporation could eventually damage the trees' water transport system and cause the Eucalyptus trees to die, Griebel said.
It was as if the trees had sprung a leak, Griebel said.
"The Eucalyptus trees definitely have a very effective way of shutting down," she said. "Stem-to-stem you can see pretty clearly the difference between those with and without mistletoe."
Notes for Journalists
Lead researcher Anne Griebel will give an oral presentation about this research on Monday, 11 December at the 2017 AGU Fall Meeting.
Talk title:
Mistletoe infection alters the transpiration flow path and suppresses water regulation of host trees during extreme events
Session:
B11K: Understanding Plant and Ecosystem Function Across Scales Through the Lens of Plant Hydraulics I
Date: Monday, 11 December 2017
Time: 9:45 - 10:00 a.m. CST
Location: Morial Convention Center, Room 386-387
Abstract number: B11K-08
Contact information for the researcher: Anne Griebel, Hawkesbury Institute for the Environment, Western Sydney University, Richmond, NSW, Australia: griebel.anne@gmail.com, +61 468834149 (please email first)
Related paper: http://iopscience. iop. org/ article/ 10. 1088/ 1748-9326/ aa8fff
2. Today's press events
9:00 a.m. - Evolution of a new Pacific island may unlock secrets to Mars
10:30 a.m. - Assessing flood risk in the U.S. and the consequences of sea level rise
11:30 a.m. - Eclipse 2017: Studying the Sun-Earth connection and more from the Moon's shadow
1:45 p.m. - Dan Rather (Media Availability)
2:30 p.m. - The biggest story in the solar system: Science from NASA's Juno mission to Jupiter
4:00 p.m. - Climate change has unexpected consequences for animal populations
5:00 p.m. - American Geophysical Union leaders (Media Availability)
All Fall Meeting press events take place in the Press Conference Room, Room 346-347. They will also be streamed live on the AGU press events webpage and archived on AGU's YouTube channel. Slides and other materials will be available in the Virtual Press Room on the Fall Meeting Media Center.
3. Additional press conference: The September 2017 Tehuantepec and Puebla earthquakes in Mexico
The AGU Public Information Office has scheduled an additional press conference on the September 2017 Tehuantepec and Puebla earthquakes in Mexico. The press conference will take place at 12:30 p.m. CT on Wednesday Dec. 13 in the Press Conference Room, Room 346-347. Details for the newly added press conference are below and in the "Press Conferences" tab in the Fall Meeting Media Center.
The September 2017 Tehuantepec and Puebla earthquakes in Mexico
Wednesday, 13 December
12:30 p.m.
The September 8th and 19th, 2017, Tehuantepec and Puebla earthquakes were some of the largest and most damaging earthquakes ever recorded in Mexico. The Mw 8.1 earthquake (Sept. 8) affected several million people and was widely felt across central and southern Mexico, while the Mw 7.1 event (Sept. 19) produced strong ground motions in big cities in central Mexico leading to numerous building collapses and large numbers of casualties. This panel will discuss the recent events, including new information related to Mexico's early warning systems and linkages between the two earthquakes.
Participants:
Ross Stein, Temblor, Inc., Redwood City, California, U.S.A.;
Xyoli Perez-Campos, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, Mexico City, Mexico;
Juan Manuel Espinosa Aranda, CIRES Center of Instrumentation and Seismic Record and SASMEX Mexican Seismic Alert System, Mexico City, Mexico.
Sessions: S32D, S33G
4. Noteworthy sessions happening today
Presidential Forum Lecture
Veteran journalist Dan Rather will deliver the Presidential Forum Lecture from 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. in the New Orleans Theater, located on the second floor of the Morial Convention Center above Hall I-1. Registered journalists who are interested in attending this talk should meet an AGU staff member at the entrance to the lecture hall 30 minutes prior to the start of the talk. Journalists can also stream the lecture live on AGU On-Demand. A media availability will be held immediately following the lecture in the Press Conference Room, Room 346-347.
5. Potentially newsworthy presentations happening today
Sessions
* Creating Inclusive and Diverse Field and Lab Environments Within the Geosciences
Session U12A, 10:20 a.m. - 12:20 p.m., Room E2
* Induced Seismicity in the United States and Canada
Session S13D, 1:40 - 3:40 p.m., Room 217-219
Session S14A, 4:00 - 6:00 p.m., Room 217-219
Abstracts
* The Mysteries and Curiosities of Mars: A Tour of Unusual and Unexplained Terrains
Session P11A, 8:00 a.m. - 12:20 p.m., Poster Hall D-F
* Follow the line: Mysterious bright streaks on Dione and Rhea
Session P11A, 8:00 a.m. - 12:20 p.m., Poster Hall D-F
* Penguin Proxies: Deciphering Millennial-Scale Antarctic Ecosystem Change using Amino Acid Stable Isotope Analysis.
Session PP11B, 8:00 a.m. - 12:20 p.m., Poster Hall D-F
* Is climate change intensifying the drying-trend in the Caribbean?
Session H11O, 9:00 - 9:15 a.m., Room 295-296
* Resiliency of the Nation's Power Grid: Assessing Risks of Premature Failure of Large Power Transformers Under Climate Warming and Increased Heat Waves
Session GC13C, 1:40 - 6:00 p.m., Poster Hall D-F
* New insight on the Toba volcano super eruption (Sumatra Island, Indonesia) from BAR-9425 core.
Session V13C, 1:40 - 6:00 p.m., Poster Hall D-F
* Examining Hurricane Track Length and Stage Duration Since 1980
Session A13H, 1:40 - 6:00 p.m., Poster Hall D-F
* Greenland's 20th Century retreat illuminated - great spatial variability with strong connections to subglacial topography and fjord bathymetry
Session C14A, 5:00 - 5:15 p.m., Room 271-273
6. Online media resources
For journalists: During the Fall Meeting, journalists can find many resources online in the Virtual Press Room in the Fall Meeting Media Center. These resources include press releases, press conference materials and other information. Videos of press conferences will be added to the Virtual Press Room during the meeting for easy online access.
The AGU press office also offers two online tools to connect reporters with scientific experts at the 2017 Fall Meeting. The Find an Expert tool allows reporters to view a list of scientific experts who are available for interviews at the meeting. The Request an Expert tool allows reporters to send requests for experts directly to PIOs. These tools are now available online in the Fall Meeting Media Center.
For public information officers: PIOs are now able to share press releases and other materials in the Virtual Press Room by directly uploading them via the Press Item Uploader. PIOs can upload press releases, tip sheets and press conference materials to the Virtual Press Room at any time before or during the meeting, including uploading items in advance and scheduling them to post during the meeting.
The AGU press office also offers two online tools to connect reporters with scientific experts at the 2017 Fall Meeting. The Find an Expert tool allows public information officers to list scientific experts who are available to be interviewed by reporters at the meeting. The Request an Expert tool allows reporters to send requests for experts directly to PIOs. PIOs who wish to receive expert request emails from reporters should fill out the Receive Expert Requests form. More information about these tools can be found in the Fall Meeting Media Center.
The American Geophysical Union is dedicated to advancing the Earth and space sciences for the benefit of humanity through its scholarly publications, conferences, and outreach programs. AGU is a not-for-profit, professional, scientific organization representing more than 60,000 members in 139 countries. Join the conversation on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and our other social media channels.
###
Sharks slight underdog against ‘team of destiny'
Fresh off a sweep of their first playoff series of the season, the San Jose Sharks are hitting their stride — but they're about to go up against what many hockey fans believe is a team of destiny: the Vegas Golden Knights.
The Golden Knights are in their first year, having molded a group of castoffs into a playoff powerhouse with a legitimate chance to win the title. At Red Rock Casino in Las Vegas, the Knights (-145) are favored for the series against the Sharks (+125). Bet $145 to win $100 on the Knights — a $100 bet on the Sharks would pay $125.
The series begins in Las Vegas on Thursday, April 26, at 7 p.m.
In October, as the hockey season started, the Knights were offered at the Westgate Las Vegas Superbook at 500-to-1 to win the NHL title, said sportsbook director Jay Kornegay. On Monday, April 23, the odds there stood at 5-to-1.
At Red Rock, which is miles from the Strip and caters to locals, “the fans here are out of their minds,” said sportsbook director Jason McCormick. So much money has been bet on the Golden Knights that the odds there were down to 5-to-2 by Monday. “We can't stop the money coming in on them,” he said.
The Sharks' odds of winning the title stand at 7-to-1 at Red Rock and 10-to-1 at Westgate's Superbook. The favorites at Westgate were the Nashville Predators at 7-to-2 and the Tampa Bay Lightning at 4-to-1.
Many bettors didn't have to risk anything to get a piece of the action as a promotion Monday for Red Rock loyalty club members offered free bets on the Golden Knights. Members of the casino's Boarding Pass club as a perk were issued randomly generated bets on the Knights between $5 and $250 at 4-to-1 odds.
“If they weren't hockey fans before, they are today,” said McCormick, who was wearing a Golden Knights jersey on Monday in the sportsbook.
The lucky $250 “bets” would pay $1,000 if the Knights win the title.
Many Las Vegas casinos took bets on the Knights at 300-to-1, 200-to-1 or 100-to-1 and will take a big hit if the team wins the title. But McCormick, who declined to say how much Red Rock would lose, said he's still rooting for the Knights. He's watching his sons bond with the team and noted that unlike the Oakland Raiders, who are moving to Las Vegas, the Knights were born there.
The Knights built a club based on speed and snagged a terrific goaltender, Marc-Andre Fleury, but the Sharks' goalie, Martin Jones, was spectacular in San Jose's first playoff matchup. With two hot goalies, expect a low-scoring series, McCormick said.
The Golden Knights are a Cinderella story and getting loads of attention, but Kornegay said the main reason they're favored is that they own home-ice advantage.
“The Sharks are flying under the radar,” he said. “A lot of people underestimate how good they are.”
Michael Shapiro (www.michaelshapiro.net) is author of “A Sense of Place.” Twitter: @shapirowrites
ENVIRONMENT: A cutting-edge software solutions provider seeks a QA Tester (Manual) to join its team where you will also work alongside Product Dev teams to participate in all Testing functionality. The ideal candidate requires a technical IT-related tertiary qualification, be ISTQB Foundation Level or equivalent certified and have at least 2 years' experience in a similar role. You also require experience with JIRA, Agile, Unix/SQL queries, Gherkin and have experience testing mobile & browser-based apps. DUTIES: Raise defects and ensure fixes are progressed through to verification.
Create detailed Functional and Acceptance Criteria tests from Specifications and Requirements, including edge cases where appropriate.
Manage the manual execution of tests within the QA team, providing regular updates to the head of the QA team
Write automation scenarios in Gherkin, from specs.
The Functional Tester is also expected to understand automation test reports and to raise defects based on automation failures. REQUIREMENTS: Qualifications – A tertiary qualification in a technical IT-related discipline.
ISTQB Foundation Level or equivalent. Experience/Skills – Minimum of 2 years' experience as a Functional Tester.
Experience with a complex bug and task tracking system such as JIRA.
Proven ability to create tests from functional specifications and user requirements documents.
Agile experience.
Testin
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda and infielder Chase Utley on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday.
Maeda was diagnosed with a mild left hip strain while Utley has a sprained left thumb. Right-hander Carlos Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte were recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Wednesday.
With Maeda headed to the disabled list, that makes four of the Dodgers' five starters from their opening-day roster are sidelined with an injury. Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Utley has just one start since May 22 and is in an 0-for-14 slump. Since getting two hits against Cincinnati on May 10, Utley is 2 for 29 over a 12-game stretch. He is batting just .137 over 51 at-bats in May.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
The teenage soccer team trapped in a cave system in northern Thailand will spend another night almost a kilometer underground, after officials coordinating the rescue said they won't attempt to move them before Thursday.
New video released by the Thai Navy SEALs Wednesday showed the boys wrapped in foil blankets for warmth, as they speak up one by one, introducing themselves and saying “I am healthy.” One said “thank you” to everyone who is waiting for their rescue.
Claus Rasmussen, who is part of the rescue team, said the boys have told divers they heard dogs barking, a rooster crowing and children playing. That information now has teams looking at whether there is a chimney or hole they can access instead of trying to get the boys out through the water.
At least one plan to bring the boys back to the surface include having the teammates, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach, dive through the narrow flooded tunnels in full-face diving masks.
The plight of the boys and their coach has captured the world's attention. Former Real Madrid and Brazil soccer legend Ronaldo spoke to CNN at an event in Russia about the soccer team.
“It's terrible news and the world of football hopes that someone can find a way to take these kids out of there,” he said.
Austria and Leicester City star Christian Fuchs sent a video message of support Wednesday.
“We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12 players and their coach,” said Fuchs. “I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong.”
Fuchs won the Premier League title with Thai-owned Leicester in 2016.
“Hi, I'm Christian Fuchs from English Premier League team, Leicester City Football Club. We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12-players and their coach. I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong.”
In a press conference Wednesday morning, Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said it would be “difficult” to bring them out Wednesday. He said he didn't want to give an estimate on when they could be brought out and be reunited with their families.
“All I can say is everyone is working very hard here. Everyone is working their hardest. They haven't rested since day one,” he said.
To keep the boys' spirits up, authorities are attempting to set up phone lines inside the cave to allow them to talk to their parents.
However, attempts to install the cables have been unsuccessful so far, Maj. Gen. Bancha Duriyaphan said. One cable suffered water damage as divers transported it “around small passages.” Teams are attempting to take in a new one.
“When the telephone line is ready, we will have relatives talk to them. The pressure will be immensely reduced,” Maj. Gen. Chalongchai Chaiyakum, another military spokesman, said.
Ticking clock
It's now been over 36 hours since the boys were first located by two British divers, and while SEAL divers have been able to reach them with food and medicine, conditions mean it's currently too risky to bring them out the same way the divers came in.
It is a long, hazardous dive, even for the experienced Navy SEAL divers.
Why will it take so long to rescue the trapped Thai soccer team?
Seven of the navy team, including a doctor and nurse, spent Tuesday night in the dark with the boys and their coach, who have been trapped inside the cave since June 23. The insignia of the SEALs has been etched onto a rock face in the cave, video from the group's Facebook page shows.
Initial medical check-ups showed the boys to be in good health. Video showed some being treated for scrapes and mild rashes.
The doctor, Lt. Col. Park Loharachun, hasn't left the boys' side since diving into the cavern.
The divers are making the complicated dive back and forth to the small, cramped shelf where the boys have sheltered within the flooded cave complex. The group has been given high-protein gels to rebuild their strength.
After the initial contact with the British divers — two volunteer specialists who flew in to help with the search — the SEAL team returned to give the boys a meal of grilled pork and sticky rice, along with milk.
The focus now is on getting the teammates ready for the journey ahead. On Wednesday, the children — some of whom can't swim — practiced wearing the full-face oxygen masks they'll need to wear to survive the journey out.
They've tried using the equipment and breathing with it, but haven't been submerged in the flood water, Osottanakorn said, as currents are too strong.
The plan is to bring them out at different times, depending on their strength.
“They don't have to leave all at once. Those who are ready can come out first. We are reassessing the situation daily. We have to see they are ready. Therefore if we found any risk we won't carry out the (evacuation) plan,” he added.
A sense of urgency persists with unpredictable weather and the threat of more rain that could further flood the chambers. The governor said water is still being pumped out of the cave “at full speed” to reduce water levels.
Days of relatively fine weather have given rescuers a window to prepare for the moment the boys eventually emerge from the cave. Soldiers dressed in green fatigues practiced evacuation drills, linking arms to form a human wall around the mouth of the cave.
Thailand cave rescue: The health toll of waiting for freedom
Difficult rescue
Debate remains over the best way to bring the boys to safety.
Given their weakness after a week with no food, trapped in the dark, and their unfamiliarity with scuba systems, some experts say it's too difficult to bring a group of novices through a cave system that has made even caving experts nervous.
Cade Courtley, a former US Navy SEAL and author of the “SEAL Survival Guide” told CNN that he “was part of a very special dive unit and this would be a challenging dive for me and my team… now you're going to ask 11 to 15-year-olds — some of whom cannot swim — to make that same journey for the first time breathing air underwater?”
The rescue in Thailand is “one of the toughest I've seen,” Anmar Mirza, national coordinator of the National Cave Rescue Commission and a rescue diver with 30 years' experience, told CNN.
The most dangerous option, he said, “is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters.”
“It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time,” he told CNN. “A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting him in danger.”
SCOTUS will dig into debate over alleged cemetery on Pa. farm May 24
Jason Nark has been an enterprise reporter with the Daily News since 2008. He's covered just about everything and that's the way he likes it. He lives in South Jersey with his three kids and a dog, and likes to sleep in tents as much as possible.
The Conservation Fund's purchase of the 32,598-acre Clarion Junction Forest in Elk and McKean Counties protects wildlife habitat, provides sustainable timber to local mills, supports timber-related jobs and ensures recreational access.
A vast swath of Penn's Woods in Elk and McKean Counties will be conserved for life, thanks to a Virginia-based nonprofit.
The Conservation Fund, in a news release, said the Clarion Junction Forest consists of 32,598 acres of “sustainable timberland” around the city of Johnsonburg, Elk County, in the “Pennsylvania Wilds,” just under 300 miles northwest of Philadelphia. It may be the single largest conservation acquisition by a nonprofit in Pennsylvania history, a spokeswoman said.
In a deal finalized Wednesday, the Conservation Fund said its purchase will bridge Pennsylvania Game Commission lands and the Allegheny National Forest, while also securing the confluence of the East and West branches of the Clarion River.
“We are in an entirely new era of private forest ownership in America,” Brian Dangler, vice president and director of the Conservation Fund's Working Forest Fund, said in the news release. “The transfer of large, industrial-size forests is happening so quickly, we only have a very short window to protect these forested landscapes to ensure their ecological benefits and that they can remain the backbone of rural economies and traditional uses nationwide.”
A spokeswoman for the Conservation Fund said she couldn't disclose the cost of the purchase, due to a confidentiality agreement. A 9,894-acre property is for sale in Elk County for $31.5 million.
Last year, the Inquirer and Daily News wrote about Pennsylvania's privately-owned forests and all the ways that nonprofits, estate lawyers, and Penn State's Center for Private Forests are trying to prevent them from being divided and sold as smaller properties.
Pennsylvania is one of the most heavily-forested states in the country, with nearly 740,000 individually-owned parcels. That number grows every year.
“There are a lot of large parcels sold every day in Pennsylvania,” Jim Finley, a retired Penn State forestry professor who founded the center in 2011, told the Inquirer and Daily News last year. “What you're seeing is these parcels being broken up.”
Allyson Muth, the Center for Private Forest's associate director, could not immediately be reached for comment.
For nonprofits and other private forest owners, maintaining those properties does not mean total “preservation.” Professional foresters work with owners to make money off the land to pay taxes and upkeep. The Conservation Fund said the Clarion Junction Forest “will be sustainably managed as a working forest, maintaining its role as a steady source of timber for local mills and jobs for timber crews.”
“Our Commonwealth is blessed with an abundance of forestland, and Pennsylvanians have a rich heritage of working, hunting, fishing, and recreating in these woods. But we cannot take for granted that the same opportunities will be available for future generations,” said Kyle Shenk, Pennsylvania State Director for The Conservation Fund.
The Philadelphia Eagles are among The Conservation Fund's business partners, and bald eagles are one of the species that call the property home.
VIENNA (AP) - The Austrian soccer federation says Brazil will play its final warmup game for the World Cup against Austria on June 10, a week before the five-time world champions take on Switzerland in their Group E opener.
The match will be played in Vienna at Ernst Happel Stadium, the same venue where both teams last met in a 2014 friendly, which Brazil won 2-1.
Brazil has further build-up games against World Cup host Russia (March 23), world champion Germany (March 27) and Croatia (June 3) ahead of the June 14-July 15 tournaments, where it also meets Costa Rica and Serbia in the group stage.
Austria failed to qualify for the World Cup but will also play friendlies against Russia on May 30 and Germany on June 2.
LINCOLN, Neb. – Residents and nonresidents may apply for one 2018 Nebraska deer permit in any draw unit beginning June 11, and residents may apply for one elk permit and one buck or either-sex antelope permit in available units.
The application period begins at 1 p.m. Central Time (CT) on June 11. Paper applications must be received by the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission by 5 p.m. CT – or by 11:59 p.m. for online applications – on June 22. One application is allowed per person per species.
Draw units are established to provide equal opportunity to obtain permits in those units. They are determined by the overall demand on a unit's permits. Residents get preference over nonresidents when these permits are drawn.
Applications may be made at OutdoorNebraska.org, via application form in the 2018 Big Game Guide, or in person at a Game and Parks permitting office. A list of offices is in the Big Game Guide.
Permits will be drawn by early July. Beginning on July 9, residents, nonresidents and eligible landowners may purchase remaining deer and antelope permits, and residents and eligible landowners may purchase remaining elk permits.
In addition, July 6 is the final day to apply for the Super Tag and Combo multispecies lottery permits.
Visit OutdoorNebraska.org, which includes a digital version of the Big Game Guide, for more information.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Like squabbling siblings, New Zealand and Australia have close ties but also a rivalry that can sometimes turn ugly.
That tension spilled into politics on Tuesday, when Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop accused New Zealand's opposition Labour Party of conspiring to undermine her government, a claim New Zealand lawmakers said was “false” and “utter nonsense.”
The unlikely dispute involved Barnaby Joyce, Australia's deputy prime minister. Joyce said Monday he'd been advised he was a New Zealand citizen and an Australian court was being asked to determine if he should be kicked out of parliament because Australia's constitution bans lawmakers from being dual citizens.
If Joyce was disqualified, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's center-right government could lose its single-seat majority in the House of Representatives, where parties need a majority to govern.
But Joyce told Australia's parliament on Tuesday that New Zealand had just told him verbally that his citizenship had been renounced after he requested as much over the weekend, and he was now awaiting written confirmation. Renunciation won't affect the court decision since the case rests on his eligibility to run in the last election.
Bishop said Australia's opposition Labor Party had used their New Zealand counterparts to raise questions about Joyce in the New Zealand parliament.
“This is highly unethical at least, but more importantly it puts at risk the relationship between the Australian government and the New Zealand government,” Bishop told reporters in Canberra.
“New Zealand is facing an election,” she said. “Should there be a change of government, I would find it very hard to build trust with those involved in allegations designed to undermine the government of Australia.”
New Zealand's election is next month.
New Zealand Labour Party Leader Jacinda Ardern said the claims were false and “highly regrettable.” She said she'd contacted the Australian High Commission to register her disappointment and would be meeting with the commissioner in person.
Bishop was referring to two questions lodged in the New Zealand parliament by Labour lawmaker Chris Hipkins, who asked whether children born in Australia to a New Zealand father automatically had New Zealand citizenship.
Ardern said she had no knowledge of the questions lodged by Hipkins and knew nothing about the Joyce case until it broke in the media this week.
She told Radio New Zealand that somebody connected with the Australian Labor Party had put the questions to Hipkins without mentioning Joyce, and that Hipkins wouldn't have asked them if he knew how they were going to be used. She called the questions inappropriate.
“I greatly value New Zealand's relationship with the Australian government,” she said in a statement. “I will not let false claims stand in the way of that relationship. I would happily take a call from Julie Bishop to clarify matters.”
New Zealand's Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne said Hipkins had not started the row.
“This is so much utter nonsense — while Hipkins' questions were inappropriate, they were not the instigator,” Dunne tweeted. “Australian media inquiries were.”
Joyce is perhaps best known abroad for the tough stance he took on Johnny Depp's pet dogs Pistol and Boo. Joyce threatened to have the Yorkshire terriers euthanized after saying they were smuggled into Australia in 2014 where Depp was filming the fifth installment of the “Pirates of the Caribbean” movie series.
Depp's then-wife Amber Heard pleaded guilty to falsifying an immigration document to conceal the dogs in a private jet. She avoided jail under a deal that included Heard and Depp appearing in an awkward video warning against others breaking Australia's strict quarantine laws.
The Australian and New Zealand opposition parties are kindred center-left parties, although the Australian party uses the American spelling for its name.
____
McGuirk contributed from Canberra, Australia.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — North Dakota has failed to reach a settlement with a group of Native Americans who sued the state over its expanded voter identification laws.
Secretary of State Al Jaeger says the closed-door meeting Tuesday was unsuccessful, but “discussions may continue.”
The settlement talks were held a month after U.S. District Judge Daniel Hovland criticized the state for raising a “litany of embellished concerns” about people taking advantage of his ruling that expands the proof of identity Native Americans can use for North Dakota elections.
The state has appealed the ruling but Hovland had suggested the parties negotiate a settlement.
Tom Dickson, a Bismarck-based lawyer for tribal members, says he was hopeful a settlement could be reached. But he says “the ball is in the state's court.”
Comments
comments
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. (AP) — With only two wolves left to feast on them, the moose of Isle Royale National Park are undergoing a population explosion that could endanger the wilderness area's fir trees and eventually cause many of the moose to starve, scientists said Tuesday.
The unchecked growth of hulking moose at the Lake Superior island park shows the need to take more wolves there, restoring a predator-prey balance that has benefited both species and the park's ecosystem, Michigan Technological University researchers said in a report. The National Park Service is considering options to restore the wolf population, but hasn't committed to doing so.
Twenty-four gray wolves in several packs roamed the Michigan park as recently as 2009. But the severely inbred population has dropped steadily and is at its lowest point since biologists began observing the relationship between wolves and moose in the 1950s.
During their annual winter sojourn on the island, scientists Rolf Peterson and John Vucetich conducted aerial surveys and estimated the moose population at 1,600. It could double over the next three to four years unless more wolves arrive soon, they said.
Advertisement
A dip in wolf numbers during the 1990s allowed the moose to approach 2,500. About two-thirds of them died of hunger during a bitter winter in 1996.
Peterson said the park's balsam fir trees, the preferred food for moose during winter, are being overeaten. Balsam fir is the predominant tree of Isle Royale and has long characterized its landscape.
“It's a race between the slowly growing trees and the rapidly growing moose,” Peterson said.
Northern Michigan University scientists reported in 2015 that moose browsing had gradually thinned the park's forests and converted some areas to grassy plains.
Isle Royale consists of one island 45 miles (70 kilometers) long and hundreds of smaller ones. Moose are believed to have arrived there around the turn of the 20th century, while wolves likely crossed ice bridges from the mainland in the late 1940s.
The two surviving wolves, a male and a female, are aging and unlikely to reproduce.
In another sign of the wolves' decline, the island's population of another prey species — beaver — has reached about 300, the highest total on record.
A park service report in December listed four alternatives for dealing with the wolf shortage, including letting them die out. The agency said its preference was to relocate 20 to 30 wolves to the island over three to five years.
A public comment period ended in March. The park service is expected to make a decision this fall.
The head of the royal commission into the banking sector has signalled lenders should adhere to a short list of commitments headed by a promise not to mislead consumers in a bid to make life easier for those needing a loan.
Commissioner Kenneth Hayne, after almost a full day of evidence from the head of the Commonwealth Bank's risk sector, said it appeared “four or five points” could act as a guide for bank officers when dealing with borrowers.
He said a promise not to mislead, to act in a fair manner, deliver loans that were “fit for purpose” with a pledge to responsible lending objectives might cover many of the problems unearthed at commission hearings.
On its third day of examining Bankwest loans to the small-business sector, Commonwealth Bank chief risk officer David Cohen admitted the bank could have handled a loan to pub owners from the central west of NSW much better.
Mr Cohen said though the $1.2 million loan, which had been made by Bankwest before the Commonwealth took over the institution in 2009, had to be wound up, there had been mistakes in the way the owners had been treated by bank staff.
That included failing to tell the owners the results of an investigative audit that backed selling a pub to cover their outstanding loan.
“Community expectations today would require banks have more open and transparent engagement with borrowers in examples such as this,” Mr Cohen said.
He said there was merit in Commissioner Hayne's proposals, saying “layer upon layer” of new requirements had been put on lending which had obscured the way bank staff should treat customers.
Mr Cohen also revealed the Commonwealth had actively sought to reduce the commercial property exposure of Bankwest.
Bankwest's exposure to the sector was almost $15 billion soon after its buyout by the Commonwealth but it was reduced to less than $10 billion by 2012.
Mr Cohen said there were some signs the bank had suffered from a shortage of staff in key areas such as compliance and fraud risk.
There's nothing fancy about the new safe zone. It's just a row of pop up tents, a few porta-potties and some showers.
There's nothing fancy about the new safe zone. It's just a row of pop up tents, a few porta-potties and some showers.
Two weeks ago, the Big Island established a "no-frills" safe zone for homeless people to camp legally.
And since then, Mayor Harry Kim's executive assistant has been sleeping there to make sure it gets off to a good start.
Lance Nimi said he wanted to stay at the safe zone, the only one of its kind in the state, so that he could better understand the need of the people being helped.
"I'm a social worker and I know that when you put a lot of people together it's going to be tough and I'm pretty much responsible for this encampment," said Niimi, who until last week served as Hawaii County assistant housing administrator.
Niimi said he's overseeing setting up the structure and supervision of the safe zone, and working with the 31 homeless clients at the site near the Old Kona Airport. Security has been hired by the county, and there are pop-up tents, showers, portable toilers and a schedule for meals.
Niimi said police have been called to break up fights. But overall, he says living here has grown on him.
"Actually this morning I woke up and I thought I better not get too comfortable because I really need to get back to all of my other administrative duties at the office," he said.
Niimi plans to stay at the safe zone for one more week before going back to his Hilo office and home. He believes you need compassion to work with the homeless and says sleeping among them has opened his eyes to their unique challenges and needs.
"After you are there for a while, you really get to know them and that they really are people," he said.
Niimi said the county is looking for more community organizations that are interested in helping to feed the homeless at the safe zone, called Hale Kikaha. Interested groups can call 808-938-2694.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
LONDON, March 29 BlackRock remains positive on South African bonds despite signs of tensions within the government, the head of emerging debt at the world's largest asset manager said on Wednesday, adding that investors would have to "live with" political noise.
South African assets have sold off heavily this week on speculation the country's finance minister would be removed from his post. Pravin Gordhan was ordered back home from an investor roadshow by President Jacob Zuma on Monday.
But BlackRock's Sergio Trigo Paz said he remained "long" on South African debt, noting that the central bank has room to cut interest rates.
"There will be noise in South Africa but we will have to live with it," Trigo Paz told a briefing in London.
(Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe; writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Jamie McGeever)
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while teammates Wenyen Gabriel and Jarred Vanderbilt have decided to turn pro.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on his social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds as a freshman.
Vanderbilt and Gabriel later announced they would stay in the draft after receiving positive feedback.
Injuries limited the 6-9 Vanderbilt to just 14 games, but he averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds with 5.9 points per game as a freshman. He did not attend the combine but says in a release the input he received during the draft process confirmed "that my time is now."
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
As NHL playoff hockey returns to Toronto for the first time since 2013, a local boy whose family couldn't afford to attend many games when he was younger will be in the building.
Ditching the Maple Leafs jerseys of his youth, Tom Wilson will try to beat his hometown team as his Washington Capitals attempt to rebound from a double-overtime loss that evened the first-round series at a game apiece. The Capitals' Game 1 overtime hero , Wilson the Toronto native is back and ready to be public enemy No. 1 at Air Canada Centre.
“A couple years ago I got booed off the ice at the end of a game in my hometown, so we've crossed that one off the list,” Wilson said last week. “I'm going to go out there to play my game and it's going to feel good to beat anyone in the postseason, and obviously pretty cool to go in. The ACC is going to be absolutely electric, and there's no doubt in my mind that that's going to be charged up and fun to play in, and so as a hometown guy it's going to be fun to go back and play there.”
Toronto coach Mike Babcock ruffled some feathers when he pointed out that Wilson is “not as big of a concern” as other Capitals players like Alex Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom. Wilson agreed with that even after scoring in overtime to win Game 1, but the 23-year-old power forward specializes in getting under the skin of opponents and opposing fans.
Brooks Orpik with a knee-on-knee hit on Roman Polak, who is in serious pain pic.twitter.com/V0pzTcFheM — Jeff Veillette (@JeffVeillette) April 16, 2017
that's not what you want pic.twitter.com/AaB7TYcG1O — Emmanuel Perry (@MannyElk) April 16, 2017
“He's probably so excited to go in there and be the villain and just do his thing,” Capitals winger Brett Connolly said. “He's a guy who does a lot of dirty work and (plays) a lot of hard minutes and sticks up for his teammates and gets in fights with guys that maybe you don't want to at the time but he's going to do it anyways because he's a good teammate.”
Loved by teammates and despised by opponents, Wilson perhaps fittingly had a Darcy Tucker Maple Leafs jersey as a kid, a nod to the kind of player he has become. It speaks to how rare playoff games in Toronto have been recently that it was only 10 Maple Leafs playoff games ago that Tucker leveled Sami Kapanen in the final game of a 2004 second-round series loss to the Philadelphia Flyers.
Fast forward 13 years to Saturday, and Kapanen's son, Kasperi, scored twice in Game 2, including the winner in the second overtime to send the series across the Canadian border tied at 1. Toronto was always going to be jacked up for the first home game of the playoffs but perhaps even more so now that the Maple Leafs have some serious momentum.
“It'll be a great environment, it'll be a playoff atmosphere,” Washington coach Barry Trotz said Sunday on a conference call. “You'll get chills down your spine when you're on the bench for both teams.”
Maple Leafs defenseman Morgan Rielly, who played more than 40 minutes in Game 2 because of the length of the game and the season-ending leg injury to Roman Polak, said “you can't ask for much more” than getting a split in Washington and going home. Only five players are left from the last Toronto playoff team that made the playoffs and lost to the Boston Bruins: forwards Nazem Kadri, Tyler Bozak, James van Riemsdyk and Leo Komarov and defenseman Jake Gardiner.
It'll be a new experience for Kapanen, Auston Matthews, William Nylander, Zach Hyman and Mitch Marner, but they got a taste in their playoff clincher against Pittsburgh. Capitals defenseman Brooks Orpik was watching his former Penguins teammates and scouting the Maple Leafs in that one, and he has a good idea what to expect.
“I'm sure they're pretty revved up. They haven't had a playoff game in a while,” Orpik said. “We got an experienced team in here. We know what it's like to play on the road in the playoffs. You got to focus on what you can do and play the system that we're supposed to. You can't make mistakes there and give them extra chances to generate energy with the crowd.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
By The Associated Press
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — A United Nations envoy says progress has been made on a compromise formula regarding how security will be enforced after ethnically divided Cyprus is reunified.
But Espen Barth Eide told the AP there's still “a long way to go” on a structure meeting the security concerns of rival Greek and Turkish Cypriots, as well as the east Mediterranean island's “guarantors” — Greece, Turkey and Britain.
Eide said after talks with Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades Wednesday that the U.N. is assisting in “structuring” the deal.
The complex issue of security has long stumped peace talks. Breakaway Turkish Cypriots insist on keeping Turkish troops and granting Turkey intervention rights in a reunified Cyprus, something which Greek Cypriots reject.
Cyprus was split in 1974 when Turkey invaded after a coup aimed at union with Greece.
There is an abundance of fun stuff going on this weekend in and around Bath.
Here is our list of things to do from Friday through to Sunday.
FRIDAY
1. Nadiya Hussain
The baker who won the hearts of the nation when she won The Great British Bake Off will be sharing her favourite recipes and stories from her new cookbook, Nadiya's Bake Me a Festive Story.
The star will also be calling on the help of children in the audience to help her decorate some biscuits!
When: Friday, October 6
What time: 4.30pm-5.30pm
Where: Guildhall, Bath
Tickets: www.bathfestivals.org.uk
2. Oktoberfest at Electric Bear Brewing Co.
Amazing range of small-bath brews plus cheese, pickles, spiced potatoes and, of course, bratwurst and currywurst.
When: Friday, October 6
What time: 6:00pm
Where: Electric Bear Brewing Co
Tickets: Free event
For more details: www.greatbathfeast.co.uk
3. Jim Kay
If your child loves the Harry Potter books and is a budding artist, this is THE perfect event!
Jim Kay, illustrator for the Harry Potter books will be chatting about how he brought the iconic characters to life through his drawings. Inspirational!
When: Friday, October 6
What time: 6:30-7:30pm
Where: Guildhall, Bath
Tickets: www.bathfestivals.org.uk
4. Open air screening of La La Land
Watch this gorgeous, romantic film under the stars. Bring a blanket!
When: Friday, October 6
What time: Gates open at 6pm, film starts at 7:30pm
Where: The Royal Crescent
Tickets: www.thelunacinema.seetickets.com
5. Mind the Retro Event
Wish there was somewhere you could dance to the Beach Boys, Dexys Midnight Runners or Wham?
Charity Bath Mind are hosting a retro disco and will be playing non-stop classics from the 60s, 70s and 80s. Fancy Dress is strongly encouraged!
When: Friday, October 6
What time: 7:30pm-midnight
Where: Widcombe Social Club
Tickets: Tickets are £5 and can be bought on the door or beforehand at the Mind Charity Shop on Westgate Street. All profits go to Bath Mind.
SATURDAY
6. Screening of Aladdin
As parts of the regular Kids' Club, the Little Cinema is showing this Disney's classic animation.
Robin Williams provides the voice of the warm-hearted and hilarious Genie.
When: Saturday, October 7
What time: 10:30am
Where: The Little Cinema, Bath
Tickets: www.picturehouses.com
7. The Great Bath Bake Sale
Come down to bath Abbey for some delicious, home-baked cakes. There will also be children's pizza making and smoothie making, using Julian House's bicycle powered smoothie maker! All profits go to local charities and Abbey's Footprint project.
When: Saturday, October 7
What time : 11am-3pm
Where: Bath Abbey
8. Miranda Hart
Come along to see TV's comedian actress Miranda Hart as she introduces her debut book, The Girl With The Lost Smile.
The star of Miranda and Call the Midwife will be chatting about her inspiration for her story. Expect her trademark wit and warmth.
When: Saturday, October 7
What time: 2:45pm-3:45pm
Where: The Forum, Bath
Tickets: www.bathforum.co.uk
9. Open air screening of Dirty Dancing
Everyone's favourite guilty pleasure movie.
When: Saturday, October 7
What time: Gates open at 6pm, film starts at 7:30pm
Where: The Royal Crescent
Tickets: www.thelunacinema.seetickets.com
10. Frogman at The Egg Theatre (for children 12+)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Not your normal theatre experience, this is an innovative production where the audience are given VR headsets to experience the coming-of-age supernatural thriller.
When: The play runs from Saturday, October 7- Wednesday, October 11
What time: Times vary, check www.theatreroyal.org.uk
Where: The Egg theatre, Bath
Tickets: www.theatreroyal.org.uk
11. All or nothing: Edana Minghella Quartet celebrates Billie Holiday
Summertime, Strange Fruit, Blue Moon. The iconic jazz musician and singer-songwriter lives on through the searing voice of Edana Minghella. Edana will be singing a collection of Billie's hit songs with her brilliant jazz musicians.
Latest magazine called it: ‘A magical event. 5 stars.'
When: Saturday, October 7
What time: 8:00pm-10:30pm
Where: Chapel Arts Centre, Bath
Tickets: wwwchapelarts.org
SUNDAY
12. The Bath Artisan Brunch Market
Sample amazing street food at Bath's Green Park Station
When: Sunday, October 8
What time: 9:00am-3:30pm
For further information: www.greatbathfeast.co.uk
13. Bath Bartender of the Year Competition
Come down to Bath's Sub 13 Cocktail bar to see who can shake and make a cocktail the best!
When: Sunday, October 8
What time: 4:00pm
Where: Sub 13 Cocktail Bar, Bath
Tickets: Free event
14. Open air screening of Beauty and the Beast
The eighteenth-century fairy tale starring Emma Watson wowed audiences going on to become the highest grossing film of 2017 so far. Both touching and bold, this film is a triumph.
When: Saturday, October 7
What time: Gates open at 6pm, film starts at 7:30pm
Where: The Royal Crescent
Tickets: www.thelunacinema.seetickets.com
15. Live Jazz at Gascoyne Place
Kick the Sunday blues into the dust with an evening of live jazz music at Gascoyne Place.
When: Every Sunday
What time: 8pm onwards
Booking is advisable: www.gascoyneplace.com
Events happening throughout the weekend
16. The Great Bath feast
The Great Bath Feast finishes on Sunday and there are a whole host of events happening over the weekend. Don't forget to make the most of the the meals for a tenner deal at various foodie places around Bath.
For further information: www.greatbathfeast.co.uk
17. Bath Cider Festival
Over 100 ciders to choose from, plus cheese and a live band!
Where: Bath Pavilion, North Parade, Bath BA2 4EU
When is it on?
There are three separate sessions happening over the weekend: one on Friday evening, one on Saturday daytime and one on Saturday evening.
The times are as follows:
Friday, October 6
Evening session: 7.30pm-11pm
Saturday, October 7
Daytime session: 11am-4pm
Evening session: 7.30pm-4pm
Tickets: www.groupon.co.uk
18. Midsomer Norton: The Beatles Celebration
To celebrate 50 years since the release of the Sgt. Pepper's album, Midsomer Norton Community Trust are hosting a weekend of Beatles related music and cinema. Top UK tribute band ‘All you need is the Beatles' will be performing on Saturday night and there will be a screening of ‘A Hard Day's Night' on Sunday.
When: Saturday, October 7- Sunday, October 8
Where: Midsomer Town Hall, The Island, Midsomer Norton, Bath and North East Somerset, BA3 2HQ
Tickets and full details: www.midsomernortoncommunitytrust.co.uk
By Liz Parker
Detroit has a wide variety of cuisines from which to choose, including fish. Since we live near the Great Lakes, there is often fresh fish to be found, ranging from perch to whitefish, to fresh sushi. Check out this list for the best places to eat in the area if you're craving fish.
Noble Fish
45 E. 14 Mile Road
Clawson, MI 48017
(248) 607-0655
www.noblefish.syvatta.com
If you're a sushi fan and you haven't heard of Noble Fish, you might be living under a rock, as it's famous in the metro Detroit area for its sushi. It's owned by the same owners as One World Market, in Novi, but is more convenient for those who live in the east side suburbs, such as Clawson or Troy. The sushi is among the freshest in the area, and the store is both a restaurant and a market; the restaurant portion is very tiny so you may have a wait, but it will be worth it. If you don't feel like waiting, there is pre-made sushi for purchase near the cash registers, too.
Big Fish Seafood Bistro
700 Town Center Drive
Dearborn, MI 48126
(313) 336-6350
www.muer.com/big-fish/dearborn.asp 700 Town Center DriveDearborn, MI 48126(313) 336-6350
Big Fish is part of the Muer Seafood Restaurants group, which also includes Gandy Dancer in Ann Arbor, and is known for consistently serving fresh fish. Its menu has a “Today's Catch” section, ranging from whitefish to perch to trout, and the rest of its menu has a variety of fish, including scallops, shrimp, and crab legs. If you visit the restaurant with a non-fish eater, there are also pasta, chicken, and steak options.
Scotty Simpson's Fish & Chips
22200 Fenkell St.
Detroit, MI 48223
(313) 533-0950
www.scottysfishandchips.com 22200 Fenkell St.Detroit, MI 48223(313) 533-0950
Scotty Simpson's Fish & Chips is known by the locals as having the best fish and chips in the Detroit area. It's located on Fenkell St., near the corner of Fenkell and Lahser, and its fish is flown in daily from Halifax, Nova Scotia. Its famous fish and chips are $10.95 and include Idaho potatoes, tartar sauce, and coleslaw. If you'd prefer just the fish (no chips), they offer a reduced price of $9.70. The menu also includes fish combos and even non-fish dishes like burgers and chicken.
Related: Best Fish Sandwiches in Detroit
Pat O'Briens Tavern
22385 E. 10 Mile Road
St. Clair Shores, MI 48080
Pat O'Briens is located in St. Clair Shores and is known for its fried perch. Its perch dinner is $17.99 and is served with your choice of side, fresh lemon, and tartar sauce. You can also add four pieces of perch to any meal, for $6.99. Pat O'Briens also serves fish like walleye, salmon, and smelt, and whitefish, and has a large variety of pasta, as well.
Logan
115 W. Washington St.
Ann Arbor, MI 48104
(734) 327-2312
www.logan-restaurant.com 115 W. Washington St.Ann Arbor, MI 48104(734) 327-2312
Logan is located in downtown Ann Arbor, and is “based on Chef Thad Gilles' interpretation of ‘New American' cuisine.” The restaurant opened in November 2004 and is named after Thad's son, Logan. Chef Gilles also worked at Zingerman's Deli for ten years, before opening Logan. Fish entrees range from salmon, to perch tempura, to shrimp and grits, and non-fish entrees include bourbon pork tenderloin, leg of lamb, samosas, and more.
Related: Best Fish Tacos in Detroit
This article first appeared on Hello Giggles.
We all know what kittens look like — they're tiny, fluffy, and perfect for cuddling. That's why when photos came out of a curly-haired kitten, the Internet felt a little confused. And of course, intrigued. After all, it's somewhat of a rarity.
It all started after a post of an orange kitten went viral on Twitter. The kitten in question was later identified as being a Selkirk Rex, a breed that originated based on one very special shelter kitty. Way back in 1987, a cat named Miss DePesto arrived at a shelter in Montana. After being adopted by a breeder, Miss DePesto mated with a Persian cat, and had kittens which all had her curly locks.
I've never seen a cat with curls until now pic.twitter.com/r7vE4XHTBM — mean plastic (@meanpIastic) August 4, 2017
Thus, a new breed was born. Many people today were unaware that a kitten could be so textured, but after the orange cat above went viral, others shared photos of their own Selkirk Rex cats and kittens.
And nobody complained, because — kittens.
heres an appreciation tweet for selkirk rex kittens since Twitter seems to be in love with these 'never-seen-before curly haired cats' pic.twitter.com/4gi3fWbWu1 — malak // in LEB 🇱🇧 (@shumsende) August 4, 2017
Now? Everyone is obsessed.
I've never seen a cat with curls until now pic.twitter.com/r7vE4XHTBM — mean plastic (@meanpIastic) August 4, 2017
And they likely checked on Instagram for more cute cat photos. Luckily, #selkirkrex has over 50,000 results, so cat-lovers can make a whole day out of it.
Je crois qu'il est détendu… #selkirkrex #selkirkrexofinstagram #cats #catsofinsta #ilovecats #catsofinstagram #catslife A post shared by LoveTheWayYouAre (@annesoalice) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:35am PDT
#available #kitten #selkirk A post shared by Виктория Новикова (@vic.selkirk) on Aug 13, 2017 at 12:02pm PDT
According to VetStreet, the Selkirk Rex typically has an incredible personality. They're known as being affectionate, cuddly, and good for therapy. They also noted that with this breed, the curly coat is a dominant trait, and many of these cats even have curly whiskers.
So, while the Selkirk Rex isn't a new breed, it's one that not everyone is familiar with. Until now. And we're just saying, if we happen to see one of these fellas at the shelter, we'd be pretty quick to give him a home … along with our other cats.
UK native James Morgan was studying photography in London when he read about a group of seafaring Southeast Asian nomads who had survived the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami with almost no casualties.
"They understood the ocean so well that they headed for protection before the tsunami hit," Morgan told Business Insider.
An anthropologist by training, Morgan decided to document the Bajau Laut, who have begun to lose their culture in recent years because of government programs that force them ashore and the difficult reality of fishing for a living in overfished seas.
Morgan found a nomadic people struggling to sustain themselves by continuing to overfish the waters and, ultimately, hurting the very habitat they call home.
In 2014, Morgan shared a selection of his photos of the Bajau Laut with us. You can see the rest at his website.
The Bajau are a nomadic Malay people who have lived at sea for centuries, primarily in a tract of ocean by the Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
(© James Morgan)
Bajau traditionally live on handmade "lepa-lepa" boats, bringing everything they need to sea, including cooking utensils, kerosene lamps, food, water, and even plants. They come to shore only to trade or fix their boats.
Traditionally hunter-gatherers, the Bajau have provided for themselves primarily by spearfishing. They are highly skilled free divers, swimming to depths up to 100 feet (30 metres) to hunt for grouper, pearls, and sea cucumbers.
Diving is an everyday activity, causing the Bajau to rupture their ear drums at an early age.
(© James Morgan)
The Bajau people encounter constant danger, which prevents many from living to an old age like this woman. Many are crippled or die from "the bends".
This decompression sickness occurs when people dive and then rise to the surface before allowing their bodies to depressurize.
(© James Morgan)
Living on the sea has become increasingly difficult in recent years, as the Bajau have over-fished their habitat.
Bajau make a living by selling the grouper and Napoleon wrasse fish to Hong Kong fishing companies.
The Bajau's destructive fishing techniques began when soldiers during World War II introduced them to dynamite fishing. Since its introduction, the Bajau have had a destructive relationship with the habitat.
The Bajau have also taken up fishing with potassium cyanide, a chemical they shoot at target species. The chemical stuns the fish, which allows them to be sold live. But it also severely damages coral reefs.
Hong Kong fishing companies introduced the cyanide to the Bajau. According to Morgan, it was a trap. "They give the Bajau the cyanide and the Bajau have to pay back the fee in fish, but they can never fish enough to pay it off," Morgan says.
"It's a vicious cycle."
After the Hong Kong companies receive the fish, they inject them with steroids to keep them alive. Live fish are a major seller for Asian restaurants.
(© James Morgan)
The Bajau are slowly losing their culture. Controversial government programs have forced many Bajau to live on land.
This puts them at odds with many governments because Bajau are constantly crossing international borders on their boats.
Morgan says that when the current generation of Bajau die, there will be none who live at sea. In recent years, Bajau youth leave the boats in search of work in the cities as soon as they are old enough.
There is some hope that the Bajau's living situation will improve.
The World Wide Fund For Nature and Conservation International has been teaching sustainability practices to the Bajau in recent years.
(© James Morgan)
For his part, Morgan has tried hurting the live fish trade by focusing on the consumers.
After photographing the Bajau, Morgan published his story in the South China Morning Post, as Hong Kong is the main terminus of the Bajau's fish. He says that he received hundreds of emails in response.
This article was originally published by Business Insider.
More from Business Insider:
Barbara Ann “Bobbi” (Proshek) Scherek, 85, of Annandale, Minn., died Oct. 16, 2017. She grew up in St. Anthony Park, attended Murray High School and graduated with a bachelor's degree in nursing from Hamline University. Her long career of “helping people help themselves” began with teaching nurses at Bethesda Hospital, continued more than 50 years through leadership positions in the American and International Red Cross, and culminated in mentoring students through the University of Minnesota Center for Spirituality, upon becoming a certified holistic health coach at age 79.
After a long and creative career in the American Red Cross, Bobbi was awarded the Ann Magnussen Award for Outstanding Service. She was assigned to lead the preparations of German medical facilities in anticipation of the Persian Gulf War; she initiated recruitment and training of 4,000 volunteers; she established military family health-and-safety programs; and she created a home-care program to help to return troops. She received the Clara Barton Award for Exemplary International Service from the International Red Cross.
She was preceded in death by two husbands, Dr. Jerome J. Scherek and William Wegleitner, and a daughter, Barbara Scherek. She is survived by three daughters, Kathleen Scherek (Bob Brewer), Teresa Khan MacKay (Greg) and Mary Jo Hennessey (Tim); nine grandchildren; and one great-grandchild.
A Celebration of Life service was held Nov. 18 at White Bear Unitarian Universalist Church.
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - In a story May 23 about a federal weapons charge being filed against Robert Mikell Ussery, who had told a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax, The Associated Press erroneously reported that he was free on bond. He remains in custody.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Man who said church shooting was hoaxed jailed on gun charge
Conspiracy theorist arrested after telling a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax remains in federal custody after an arrest on a weapons charge
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - A conspiracy theorist arrested after telling a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax remains in federal custody after another arrest - this time on a weapons charge.
Court documents show that federal and state authorities on Wednesday arrested 54-year-old Robert Mikell Ussery in Lockhart, Texas, on a charge of being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm.
Ussery was convicted in 1984 and sentenced to four years in prison for burglary of a vehicle in Brazoria County, Texas.
The new charge centers on his armed presence March 5 at the First Baptist Church of Sutherland Springs, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) southeast of San Antonio. Worshippers there have said he and his girlfriend claimed the shooting was fabricated by the U.S. government. Ussery was charged at the time with making a terroristic threat.
A recent study by Hexa Research revealed that limited range of treatment choices relating to medical conditions like epilepsy, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, migraine headaches, etc. is one of the key drivers of the global Neurostimulation Devices Market. An upcoming application area is the use of neurostimulation devices for therapeutic purposes, commonly referred to as neuromodulation. The neurostimulation devices market is benefitting from technological advancements like the transdermal neuromodulation technology by Neurowave Medical Technologies and MRI safety-enabled devices by Medtronics, Inc.
Rising elderly populace – a high risk demographic for Parkinson's and Alzheimer's, is also driving market growth. Accelerated demand for neurostimulation devices in the future years is expected to result from untapped market opportunities in emerging economies of Asia as well as Latin America and the growing number of externally funded clinical programs for development of new products.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/neurostimulation-devices-industry/
Hexa Research identifies spinal cord stimulation devices, vagus nerve stimulation devices, gastric electric stimulation devices, deep brain stimulation devices, and sacral nerve stimulation devices to be the key product segments in the neurostimulation devices market. Spinal cord stimulation devices, with a contribution of more than half to the total revenues, were the dominant product segment in 2012.
Pain management proved to be the largest application of neurostimulation devices in 2012 and contributed more than 65% to the total demand that year. This was chiefly due to high incidence of conditions characterized by chronic pain and notable therapeutic effects offered by neurostimulation devices.
While North America contributed around 64% to the total revenues in 2012, Asia Pacific is likely to grow the fastest in future. Fast-developing economies like India and China will result in the Asia Pacific neurostimulation devices market growing at CAGR higher than 16% from 2013 to 2020.
Hexa Research observes that the neurostimulation devices industry exhibits outsourcing of expensive manufacturing activities. This enables industry participants to achieve cost efficiency and better profitability. Key industry players include Boston Scientific Corporation, Cyberonics, Medtronic Inc., and St. Jude Medical.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/healthcare-industry
If you're going to start a new interview series, you might as well jump into it with someone with a hell of a story to tell – and surfing champ Mick Fanning certainly fits the bill.
Three-time world champion Fanning appeared on the second episode of Andrew Denton's Interview and naturally was asked about his now infamous encounter with a shark while competing at Jeffreys Bay in South Africa in July 2015.
Shown a clip of the incident by Denton, he said it felt at the time like it lasted minutes rather than seconds.
“When you're really scared things seem to go for a eternity and that's how that went. That for me felt like a good five minutes,” he said.
“It was caught in my leg rope and was pulling me under. I had no power…it was that strong. I guess it was like someone trying to wrestle a bull or something.
“At first I thought it wasn't that big, it's only six foot. Then when I watched the footage, I just broke down. It was huge.
“There was another point when the wave comes up that nobody saw that I thought I was crazy for a bit.
“The shark circled back and bumped me and that's when I punched it…I just wanted to get away from it. It wasn't actually going for me, it was going for my board.
The last thing I saw was a fin on top of the board sailing off into the sunset and I was just like ‘board's gone, I'm trying to get in.”
Fanning's mother Liz Osborne was in the audience for the interview and gave her take on seeing the episode unfold from afar - saying she couldn't believe she came so close to losing another son.
Watch the full clip of Fanning's description of the shark encounter above.
Interview screens 9pm on Tuesday nights on Channel Seven.
Galleries
Collection
After this year's Met Gala — “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination” — it was difficult not to read Guo Pei's fall collection as a continuation of the event's theme with silhouettes echoing the architectural lines of arches, buttresses and towers. The Chinese couturier took her heavenly inspiration and ran with it, one statuesque silhouette at a time. With their hieratic mien, they embodied the daring with which she approaches any subject that strikes her considerable imagination.
The recurring motifs drawn from Gothic architecture hinted at the churches from which the show's decor — a room dedicated to religious reliefs in Paris' architecture museum — was drawn. Corsets cinched the waist, one with paniers reaching weightlessly into the air. Many of her designs came richly embroidered with three-dimensional elements. In a standout, filigree structures appeared to be drawn in the air just above the surface of the dress.
Through a translator, Pei highlighted the link between time and space, architecture and history. In a nutshell, she qualified it as a quest for soul. In that regard, Gothic architecture was no exotic inspiration but “it belongs to humanity. It has a special strength. It belongs and is a tribute to humanity,” she said.
As for the wearability of her designs, the couturier is unbothered. “Haute couture is about expressing spirit in creation. It has to be a bit mad, otherwise it mingles with ready-to-wear,” she said.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn his name from NBA draft and will return for his sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove his name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of his brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but he didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a freshman for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying his prep eligibility and skipping his senior year of high school so he could join his brother with the Tigers. He earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honours and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
Chinese smartphone maker Oppo has now been given the green light to set up a mobile manufacturing unit in Greater Noida at a cost of Rs. 2,200 crores.
The Union Environment Ministry has granted the environment clearance to its Indian subsidiary Oppo Mobiles India Pvt Ltd for the proposed project. "The clearance has been given to the Oppo's project after taking into account the views of an expert green panel. It is subject to compliance with certain conditions," the government official said.
The environment clearance certificate has already been issued to the company, the official added.
As per the proposal, Oppo wants to set up a smartphone manufacturing unit in 110.04 acres in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh. The project will comprise of factory, offices, dormitory, canteen and play area.
The project cost is estimated to be at Rs. 2,200 crores. The company has informed the government that about 13,043kg per day solid waste will be generated in the proposed project. Bio-degradable waste will be processed, while the non-biodegradable waste will be handed over to local vendors. The state electricity board will supply power to the proposed project, it said.
The proposed project will generate direct and indirect employment opportunities for both skilled and unskilled labor during construction and operation phase, the company added.
To make India a global hub for electronics manufacturers, the government is giving incentives through the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS) and Electronic Development Fund (EDF).
Source: PTI
The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring decline in nearly seven years.
Economists expected the economy to add about 90,000 jobs last month.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001 and a sign that the job market remains fundamentally solid. Hiring is expected to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry. Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
Hourly workers who couldn't work and missed a paycheck would have been counted as not working, thereby lowering September's job total. That's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed or will return.
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households. That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms. In fact, the proportion of adults who have jobs rose to 60.4 percent, the highest since January 2009.
The number of jobs created in the previous two months — July and August — was also revised down by a combined 38,000.
"The weakness in payrolls was likely because of temporary hurricane effects. Other parts of the report were much stronger than expected," wrote Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics.
Average hourly wages rose a healthy 2.9 percent from 12 months earlier. Still, the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas. The result was that higher-paid workers disproportionately boosted the wage figure.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce.
Related How hurricanes could distort September jobs numbers How hurricane recovery makes the economy seem better
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market. This week, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
Some signs suggest that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
As the affected areas begin to recover from the damage caused by the recent hurricanes, future job reports could see a jump in construction jobs, according to Lawrence Yu, chief economist at the National Association of Realtors.
“Construction jobs, which did not change much in the latest month, will need to increase rapidly in order to relieve the housing shortage facing the country," he said. "But in the short term, there will be fewer construction workers building new homes, especially since some will be diverted to rebuilding areas impacted by the hurricanes. Unfortunately, housing shortages will last longer and home prices will no doubt continue to outpace wage growth for the foreseeable future.”
Marketplace staff contributed to this report.
The high point of the Fremantle sale (week 47) was from two separate woolgrower accounts, each taking much satisfaction from rising wool prices against a low supply market.
On a wool high, York farmer Luke Edwards was in awe of receiving an overall sale top-price of 2030¢/kg greasy, while Beverley woolgrower Ellen Walker found new admiration for the golden fleece.
Mr Edwards, who farms with his parents Max and Rosemary, and stockman Wayne Webb, said his top-priced line gave much solace to his 27-year plight to gain back fair values from an industry to which he had devoted “many years”.
The Edwards' Waverley Park woolclip's peak performance came from a consignment of 16.4 micron Merino fleece which yielded 68.3 per cent with a well-crimped fibre length of 77mm and strength of 29 Newtons per kilotex plus a low vegetable matter content of 0.7 per cent.
“We offered several good lines of wool today through Wool Agency,” Mr Edwards said.
“We are very pleased with our Merino flock which has 15 years of genetic improvement through Sunny Valley bloodlines.”
Ms Walker, who has a two-year-old daughter, Piper, and farms with her parents Neil and Kate Walker, is a third-generation sheep farmer, dating back to her grandfather Walter Walker.
Camera Icon Beverley woolgrower Ellen Walker. Picture: Bob Garnant
“Growing up on a mixed farm, I was always fond of sheepyard work, not so much as a woolshed hand,” she said.
After taking over the farm eight years ago, after university studies in agricultural science, the 36-year-old now runs a 2000 Merino self-replacing flock and another 1000 ewes for a cross-breeding program.
With the assistance of her parents and support from her partner Andrew DeGruchy, who farms at Kondinin, wethers are grazed for two seasons. The Walkers also crop one-third of the farm.
“Any ban on live sheep exports would leave us with limited options on our two-year-old wethers,” Ms Walker said.
“We're facing a bleak season so far, with feed pellets and hay running in low supply.”
During the Elders wool sale, a glimmer of optimism shone through for Ms Walker when her family's Warranine Park woolclip sold to a top-price of 1762¢/kg greasy for a 10-bale line of 16.5 micron fleece with a 60.3 per cent yield and length of 79mm, plus a mid-break strength of 45 Newtons per kilotex.
“It was the best price (second top-price in the Elders catalogue) since I have been farming and I have found a new appreciation for wool today,” she said.
“My thanks go back to grandad, who initially set up a very productive farm.”
Wool Agency broker Andrew Johnston said wool values increased across all types of microns.
“Fleece values increased from 20c to 60c/kg clean with mid microns, particularly broad microns most affected,” he said.
“Discounts for high mid-break wools were not as severe while high VM types were volatile.
“Skirtings were well supported, lifting up to 20¢/kg clean, while oddments enjoyed strong demand.”
Mr Johnston said with the recent push for broader microns, the micron gap between 19 to 22-micron wool has closed considerably.
An example of a Florida panther. (iStock) (Photo: iStock)
An endangered Florida panther kitten has been struck and killed by a vehicle.
It's the 24th fatal collision this year, out of 29 total panther deaths.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said Monday that the remains of the male, 3-month-old panther were collected Saturday near a Naples subdivision.
Florida panthers once roamed the entire Southeastern United States, but now their habitat mostly is confined to a small region of Florida along the Gulf of Mexico. Up to 230 Florida panthers remain in the wild.
Wildlife officials reported 42 panther deaths in 2016, including 34 fatal vehicle collisions in southwest Florida. That matched the 2015 record for panther deaths.
Seven panther litters with a total of 19 kittens have been documented this year.
More: Panther deaths down in 2017; signs point to rebound
More: A young Florida panther bonds with her trainer
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/environment/2017/12/11/endangered-florida-panther-kitten-hit-and-killed-vehicle-naples/942872001/
Synopsis of Lubricants Market: Lubricants are used to reduce heat and wear between contacting surfaces in relative motion. They are indispensable to the proper functioning of machinery because reduce tear and wear between different moving parts. In industrial machinery, they are used to reduce the downtime operations, hence improve the overall productivity of the machine. […]
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ Environmental experts in Nebraska say transmission lines to power pumping stations for the planned Keystone XL pipeline would threaten endangered whooping cranes.
Representatives from environmental groups including the Sierra Club and Bold Nebraska submitted written testimony on Monday to the Nebraska Public Service Commission.
They say they object to the $8 billion pipeline's impact on natural resources. The commission regulates the pipeline route through Nebraska.
Bird expert Paul Johnsgard says the preferred route of the pipeline would mean nearly 70 miles (110 kilometers) of new power lines in the state would pass through migration areas where whooping cranes roost and feed. He says that increases the risk of bird deaths from collisions.
Pipeline developer TransCanada says it'll review comments but that the route doesn't cross critical habitat for whooping cranes.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich. (AP) - Gov. Rick Snyder and legislative leaders on Wednesday committed up to $50 million to upgrade the Soo Locks, a bid to persuade the federal government to fund the long-sought $1 billion proposal to build a second large lock that allows commercial ships to traverse the Great Lakes.
The money is part of an additional $400 million for infrastructure from a surplus that was included in a state budget deal last week. The Republican governor said he would ask other Great Lakes states to also contribute funds because if the U.S. government ultimately helps pay for the project, the Trump administration has indicated it wants 20 percent to come from non-federal sources and that large-scale projects with such funding would be moved to the top of the priority list.
"Michigan is stepping up now to say, 'We're going to put our money where our mouth is,'" Snyder said at the Detroit Regional Chamber's Mackinac Policy Conference. "It's not time to talk about a lock. It's not time to authorize a lock. It's time to build a lock."
He renewed warnings that a prolonged shutdown of an existing lock, which helps moves iron ore mined in Michigan and Minnesota, would cripple the U.S. economy - especially North American production of automobiles, office furniture, paints, bottles, cans and other goods.
In 1986, Congress authorized construction of a new lock on the site of two smaller locks. But funding, which could total $900 million to $1 billion, has never come through.
In a visit to Michigan in April, President Donald Trump mentioned wanting to "fix" the Soo Locks, which has buoyed those advocating for the project. He said they are "going to hell," and he vowed to call the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers - which operates the locks - though U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan said Wednesday that call has not yet been made. The Army Corps is conducting a new cost-benefit study, which is due to be released by the end of June, after members of the state's congressional delegation faulted a past one for erroneously assuming that iron ore could be transported instead by rail in the event of a lock shutdown.
"I am hopeful that the fact that the president said that ... means they'll be supportive of moving this along as much as we can," Stabenow said.
In advocating for other states to also commit funding, Snyder pointed to an interstate partnership that was announced earlier this year to help cover the costs of operating a system proposed for a Chicago-area waterway that would help keep invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and the Canadian province of Ontario joined the partnership.
Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, the state's point person on the locks, said the state funding is a "big, game-changing difference." GOP legislative leaders said they had also agreed with Snyder to commit funding toward Asian carp prevention and to protect twin oil pipelines in a sensitive Great Lakes waterway. Details were unavailable.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert
An international team of marine researchers led by Dr Neo Mei Lin and Associate Professor Peter Todd from the National University of Singapore (NUS) has recently published a comprehensive study on the status of giant clams worldwide. Between 2014 to 2016, the scientists involved in this massive endeavour re-examined and updated the taxonomy, distribution, abundance, and conservation status of all species of giant clams.
The study, funded by the National Parks Board of Singapore, found that the world's largest giant clam species, Tridacna gigas, is the most threatened mollusc. About half of its wild populations are either severely decimated or no longer exist at sites where they were previously found.
Its smallest cousin, Tridacna crocea, commonly known as the burrowing giant clam or boring giant clam, is the least threatened, as it remains relatively abundant in the Indo-Pacific area despite ongoing fishing activities.
The results of the study were recently reported in the 55th volume of a leading marine publication Oceanography and Marine Biology: An Annual Review on 22 November 2017.
Taking stock of giant clams worldwide
Giant clams, the world's largest living shellfish, are multi-tasking marine ecosystem engineers who build and shape reefs, filter water, and provide food for fellow reef creatures. They are predominantly found in the Indo-Pacific region, and the largest clam can grow up to one metre long, and weigh over 300 kilogrammes.
Since the mid-19th century, giant clams have been exploited, particularly for food and the curio trade. In the last century, habitat loss, reef degradation, and overfishing for food and shell craft contributed to their depletion. Concerns over the dwindling populations of giant clams, and their threatened status throughout the Indo-Pacific fuelled scientific interest to examine their global distribution and develop measures to conserve them.
In 2014, marine biologists Dr Neo and Assoc Prof Todd embarked on an in-depth study on the 12 currently recognised species of giant clams. They examined online data and publications that date back to the 1900s on the taxonomy of giant clams and their global distribution. They collated the information available on the exploitation of giant clams and the laws that protect them, reviewed the impacts that harvesting rates may have on wild populations, and summarised the outcomes of past and ongoing conservation programmes. They also recruited fellow marine scientists from around the world to assess and cross-examined the information.
The world's largest giant clam at highest risk of extinction
Results from the three-year study showed that a combination of increased commercial demand, coupled with advances in fishing techniques, as well as climate change, pollution, habitat loss and coastal development have all impacted giant clams.
The highest threat of extinction is faced by the only truly gigantic giant clam species, Tridacna gigas, according to findings by the research team. The large size of Tridacna gigas results in the most substantial meat mass for consumption, and the species is easy to be harvested directly from the reef bed. Out of the 31 sites around the world where natural wild populations of Tridacna gigas were known to be present, the species are either severely depleted or could no longer be found at 26 of them. In Singapore, while old records dating back to 1847 mention Tridacna gigas in local waters, there have not been any sighting of it in recent times.
On the other hand, the smallest giant clam species, Tridacna crocea, that measures up to 15 centimetres, is the least threatened, thanks to its small size and burrowing behaviour, which makes it difficult for fishers to remove it from the reef bed where it lives.
Dr Neo, who is from the Department of Biological Sciences at NUS Faculty of Science, said, "We urgently need to step up on our conservation efforts to prevent the larger giant clam species from going extinct. The trends are worrying, so while there may be more of the smaller clam species now, it is only a matter of time before they become endangered too." Dr Neo is also from the St. John's Island National Marine Laboratory and the Tropical Marine Science Institute.
Conserving giant clams
To assist in the conservation of Tridacna gigas, the Marine Science Institute at the University of the Philippines has been culturing giant clam species for the restoration of depleted populations in the Philippines for the last 20 years. The highlight of this programme is the recent appearance of young Tridacna gigas near the area where the parent clams are placed.
Assoc Prof Todd, who is also from the Department of Biological Sciences at the NUS Faculty of Science, commented, "The success by the Philippines team provides evidence that, given enough time and local protection, restocked clams can produce local juvenile recruitment. We hope to have similar success while restocking the fluted giant clam, Tridacna squamosa, in Singapore. While this species is not as threatened as Tridacna gigas, its numbers in Singapore are very low and the population is probably not currently self-sustaining."
The restocking project, started in 2011 by Assoc Prof Todd and Dr Neo, aims to increase the numbers of Tridacna squamosa on Singapore coral reefs. Over the past seven years, with funding support from the National Parks Board of Singapore, and the establishment of a fully functional hatchery with microalgal culture facilities and settlement tanks, there has been considerable progress in restocking Tridacna squamosa.
In 2014, NUS researchers reported the successful spawning of some 7,000 healthy fluted giant clam juveniles, and they are being grown in rearing tanks until they mature. In 2016, the team transplanted about 250 hand-reared Tridacna squamosa onto various reefs among the Southern Islands. Researchers continue to monitor these giant clams to assess their growth and survivorship.
"I hope that by highlighting the threat that giant clams face, and demonstrating the success of current conservation measures, we can encourage further restocking efforts and provide a greater push for their conservation," Dr Neo added.
###
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Golden Knights coach Gerard Gallant for months has talked about his team's hard work, their ability to battle and devotion to playing a full "200 feet of hockey."
In pockets of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night, the Golden Knights were surprisingly outworked, outbattled and outhustled in losing 3-2 to the Washington Capitals. Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington and Vegas is going to need to up the energy level even further in a frantic series with scoring chances galore.
Vegas Golden Knights goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury makes a glove save during the third period in Game 2 of the team's NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals against the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher)
Vegas outshot the Capitals in Game 2, 39-26, but the hustle stats went to Washington, which handed the expansion club just its second home loss of the postseason. Washington had 18 blocked shots to eight for Vegas, helping goaltender Braden Holtby turn things around. He allowed five goals in the opener but was sublime in Game 2 as he made 37 saves - none bigger than stopping Alex Tuch with the paddle of his stick in a sprawling move with just 1:59 left.
And while Washington outhit the Golden Knights, 46-39, it was some of Vegas' bigger hits that ignited the Capitals in the second period.
Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb flattened Washington's first-line forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, sending him to the dressing room with a little more than five minutes left in the first period. He didn't return.
With Kuznetsov out, Washington coach Barry Trotz added Nicklas Backstrom to his top line with Alex Ovechkin and Tom Wilson. And 5:38 into the second period, with the game tied at 1-all and the Capitals on a power play, Ovechkin scored his first career Stanley Cup Final goal to give the Capitals a 2-1 lead.
From there, Vegas unraveled and gave up more uncharacteristic chances in front of Marc-Andre Fleury, who has yet to lose consecutive games this postseason.
A little less than four minutes after Ovechkin scored, Brooks Orpik broke a 220-game goal drought with the eventual game winner. It was his first goal since Feb. 26, 2016.
Though the Golden Knights outshot Washington 15-6 in the third period, the Capitals skated faster, competed better, worked harder and played smarter to steal home-ice advantage with their first-ever Final win.
The Capitals return to Capital One Arena, where they have just a 4-5 record in the postseason.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
___
This story has been corrected to Tuch.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Bryan Colangelo speaks to the media with owner Josh Harris after being named president of basketball operations on April 10, 2016.
The website The Ringer posted a story Tuesday night alleging that Bryan Colangelo, the Sixers president of basketball operations, runs five anonymous Twitter accounts, using them to criticize his predecessor, Sam Hinkie, as well as Sixers players he drafted and to praise his own work. The accounts also may have disclosed sensitive team information.
Here is a chronology of the Sixers and the Twitter accounts since Hinkie took over the team.
>>READ MORE: This is the end of Colangelo and the Sixers, no matter how long it takes
2013
May 10: After many seasons of mediocrity, the Sixers name Sam Hinkie as president of basketball operations and general manager. The hiring of Hinkie, a Stanford MBA who was vice president of basketball operations for the Houston Rockets, signals an embrace of a rebuilding plan that features a more analytical approach to basketball, and a tolerance to lose enough games to qualify for future high draft pick. This acceptance of tanking for draft picks becomes known as “The Process.”
June 28: Hinkie trades veteran point guard Jrue Holiday to the New Orleans Pelicans in a draft-day deal that lands center Nerlens Noel, whose recovery from knee surgery made him slip to the sixth pick in the draft. The Sixers will start the 2013-14 season with only six players with more than two years of NBA experience. They finish with a record of 19-63. Noel doesn't play at all.
>>READ MORE: The process behind “The Process”
2014
June 27: The Sixers choose center Joel Embiid with the third pick in the NBA draft. Like Noel, Embiid is recovering from major surgery and does not play for the entire 2014-15 season. The Sixers finish the season 18-64 and are last in the league in attendance.
>>>READ MORE: What we know and what we don't know about the Twitter scandal
2015
June 25: The Sixers draft their third consecutive center, choosing Jahil Okafor with the third pick. Okafor's selection creates a mess at center, with Noel also on the roster. Embiid would go on to miss his second consecutive full season.
Nov. 29: The Sixers lose their 28th consecutive game (a streak that started the previous season), setting a new NBA record for futility.
Dec. 7: Amid unrest from the league office about the team's direction, the Sixers appoint 76-year-old Jerry Colangelo as chairman of basketball operations. Hinkie remains team president and general manager.
2016
April 6: Hinkie resigns as GM. Jerry Colangelo's son, Bryan, becomes the Sixers' new general manager. Jerry Colangelo becomes a special adviser to owner Josh Harris.
April: Twitter account “Eric jr” is created, with the description “Basketball lifer” and a location of “South Philly.” The account tweets and retweets comments favorable to Bryan Colangelo and dismissive of Sam Hinkie.
November: The Twitter account @phila1234567 is created. Bryan Colangelo said in a statement to The Ringer that he has used this account to follow basketball news and other current events, but has “never posted anything whatsover on social media.”
>> READ MORE: When it comes to Colangelo and the Sixers, perception matters
2017
February: Okafor is held out of games as rumors of a possible trade intensify. “Eric jr” responds to a tweet by Philly.com Sixers beat writer Keith Pompey, suggesting a failed physical was the reason for why the trade hadn't yet happened.
February: The Twitter account “Still Balling” is created. According to tweets captured by The Ringer, the account criticizes Noel and Embiid — two players drafted by Hinkie — and praises players drafted by Colangelo, such as Ben Simmons.
June 19: Colangelo trades with the Boston Celtics to land the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft, which the Sixers use to select Markelle Fultz. The guard develops a mysterious shoulder injury that inhibited his play and keep him from playing for most of the 2017-18 season.
>>READ MORE: Markelle Fultz's summer-league decision will show he's listening to the right people
November: The Twitter account “Enoughunkownsources” is created. According to Twitter screenshots captured by The Ringer, this account also criticizes Hinkie, Noel (“selfish punk”), and Embiid while praising Colangelo.
December: The Twitter account “HonestAbe” is created, another account The Ringer suggests is closely tied to Colangelo.
2018
February 3: A post from “Still Balling” blames Fultz's problems on a “really traumatic family personal experience.”
April 24: After finishing the regular season on a 16-game winning streak, the Sixers return to the playoffs for the first time in six seasons and defeat the Miami Heat in five games in the first round.
May 9: The Sixers are eliminated from the playoffs by the Celtics in five games.
May 29: Coach Brett Brown agrees to a three-year contract extension. Later that day, The Ringer posts a story linking Colangelo to the five anonymous Twitter accounts.
May 30: The Sixers announce they've launched an independent investigation.
>>READ MORE: Sixers launch investigation into Twitter allegations against Colangelo
>>READ MORE: This is the end of Colangelo and the Sixers, no matter how long it takes
AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — The United Nations is warning that the cholera outbreak in Yemen is depleting aid resources to the point they won't be able to provide food to the famine-stricken country through the summer.
Jamie McGoldrick, U.N. humanitarian chief in Yemen, said Thursday that 923 people have died of the disease and there are now 124,002 suspected cases. He says that number could double by September.
McGoldrick says battling cholera in the country beset by civil war has pulled resources away from work the agency is doing to battle famine and by September could cut into the food aid pipeline to the country, the Arab world's poorest nation.
Aid agencies have received $600 million of the $2.1 billion they estimate is needed to avert widespread starvation and death by treatable disease.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
President Donald Trump's first public reaction to the cancellation of "Roseanne" is a shot at Disney CEO Bob Iger.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday morning. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Jarrett was one of the targets of Barr's Twitter tirade early Tuesday morning.
Barr compared Jarrett to "Planet of the Apes" and the Muslim Brotherhood, then claimed she was just joking. The tweet was widely condemned as racist.
Jarrett, one of the most prominent African American women in politics, was one of President Obama's top aides. That's partly why Barr attacked her. Barr frequently uses her Twitter account to deride Democrats.
Iger and Jarrett did not immediately respond to requests for comment about Trump's tweet.
Trump is implying that he is the victim of a liberal media double standard. There are additional political overtones to the dispute since Iger seriously considered a 2020 run against Trump. He deliberated about it with friends and financiers last year, but ultimately decided against a run.
It is true that Iger called Jarrett and told her about the decision to cancel "Roseanne" shortly before it was announced on Tuesday.
"He wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling the show," Jarrett said in an interview on MSNBC.
Trump's tweet on Wednesday seemed to be influenced by an Entertainment Weekly recap of the interview. EW said that "Iger apologized and said he would not tolerate those kinds of comments made by Barr, Jarrett said."
Earlier in the day on Wednesday, Barr reacted to ABC's decision by tweeting apologies and retweeting dozens of her fans. Some of the retweets promoted conspiracy theories and anti-ABC grievances.
By The Associated Press
COLLEGE PARK, Md. (AP) — Blair Watson made six 3-pointers and scored a career-high 24 points, Brianna Fraser added 20 points, and No. 15 Maryland beat Loyola (Maryland) 114-45 on Monday night.
Maryland set a single-game program record with 37 assists — on 46 field goals. Channise Lewis led with 11 assists and Watson had five of her six in the first half.
Kaila Charles added 18 points and four assists for Maryland (10-2), which shot 61 percent and made 10 3-pointers. Stephanie Jones had 16 points and seven rebounds, Ieshia Small added 13 points, seven rebounds and five assists.
Charles scored eight points during a 13-0 second-quarter run for a 44-15 lead. It was 54-20 at halftime behind Watson's 15 points and Charles' 12.
Advertisement
Izzy Therien led Loyola (2-8) with 13 points. The Greyhounds shot 29.5 percent from the floor, including 4 of 24 from 3-point range.
NEW YORK (AP) - Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
__________
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — US President Donald Trump and his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan held a phone conversation having agreed that Syrian President Bashar Assad must bear responsibility for the alleged chemical attack in the Syrian province of Idlib, the White House said in a statement.
"President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey to congratulate him on his recent referendum victory and to discuss the United States' action in response to the Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons on April 4th. President Trump thanked President Erdoğan for supporting this action by the United States, and the leaders agreed on the importance of holding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad accountable," the statement issued on Monday said.
The presidents also discussed efforts aimed at combating the Islamic State (Daesh) group, outlawed in Russia, as well as other terrorist organizations.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older. This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions, to promote quality and contain costs. Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up. The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians, hospitals, and rehab centers can head off complications, prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries. If results back that up, Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services, regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change, slow down or even hit pause.
Trump's Health and Human Services nominee, orthopedic-surgeon-turned-congressman Tom Price, has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs. And the Medicare division that designed the experiments — the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation — is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Some outside groups, including AARP, worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care.
Innovation center director Patrick Conway, who also serves as Medicare's chief medical officer, is plowing ahead nonetheless. “Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues,” Conway said. And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results, he added.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare, which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare's 57 million beneficiaries. The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients. The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement, as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
In the experiments, doctors, hospitals, and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates. But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost, measured against benchmarks set by Medicare. If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals, it earns a financial bonus, which can be shared with other service providers. If the hospital falls short, it may have to pay the government money.
“Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated,” said Conway.
Under the old system, if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack, “they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor,” Conway continued. “In this model, the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up.”
Overall, about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year, while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips.
Around the country, hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment. The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements.
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston, as well as Akron, Ohio; Charleston, South Carolina; Fort Collins, Colorado; Utica, New York; and Yuma, Arizona. A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients. Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized, only a small share of patients receives it.
The hip fracture test includes the Miami, New York, and Los Angeles metro areas, as well as Austin, Texas; Bismarck, North Dakota; Flint, Michigan, and New Orleans.
Hospitals are not happy with the changes, though doctors have generally been supportive. A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests. But Conway says that's likely to lead to even better results. The idea is that hospitals will watch each other's performance closely, and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers.
____
Online:
Metro areas involved in Medicare's experiments — http://tinyurl.com/jzfyo5l
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Study on Allantoin Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Allantoin Market by application (oral hygiene, cosmetics, and pharmaceuticals) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Allantoin over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Allantoin Market which includes company profiling of Clariant, Akema Fine Chemicals, Ashland Inc., Lubon Industry Co., Ltd., EMD Performance Materials Corporation, Allan Chemical Corporation, Luotian Guanghui Chemical Co. Ltd., Zhanhua Jinyuan Lide Biotechnology Co. Ltd., Huanghua Suntime Chemical Industry Co., Ltd., and Rita Corporation. According to report the global allantoin market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.8% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global allantoin market covers segments such as application. The application segments include oral hygiene, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and others.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global allantoin market such as, Clariant, Akema Fine Chemicals, Ashland Inc., Lubon Industry Co., Ltd., EMD Performance Materials Corporation, Allan Chemical Corporation, Luotian Guanghui Chemical Co. Ltd., Zhanhua Jinyuan Lide Biotechnology Co. Ltd., Huanghua Suntime Chemical Industry Co., Ltd., and Rita Corporation.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global allantoin market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of allantoin market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the allantoin market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the allantoin market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/915
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Allantoin Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.2.4 Challenges
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the global Allantoin Market
4. Global Allantoin Market by Application 2017 – 2023
4.1 Oral Hygiene
4.2 Cosmetics
4.3 Pharmaceuticals
4.4 Others
5. Global Allantoin Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
5.1 North America
5.1.1 North America Allantoin Market by Application
5.1.2 North America Allantoin Market by Country
5.2 Europe
5.2.1 Europe Allantoin Market by Application
5.2.2 Europe Allantoin Market by Country
5.3 Asia-Pacific
5.3.1 Asia-Pacific Allantoin Market by Application
5.3.2 Asia-Pacific Allantoin Market by Country
5.4 RoW
5.4.1 RoW Allantoin Market by Application
5.4.2 RoW Allantoin Market by Sub-region
6. Companies Covered
6.1 Clariant
6.2 Akema Fine Chemicals
6.3 Ashland Inc.
6.4 Lubon Industry Co., Ltd.
6.5 EMD Performance Materials Corporation
6.6 Allan Chemical Corporation
6.7 Luotian Guanghui Chemical Co. Ltd.
6.8 Zhanhua Jinyuan Lide Biotechnology Co. Ltd.
6.9 Huanghua Suntime Chemical Industry Co., Ltd.
6.10 Rita Corporation
Browse Detailed Description and Company Mentioned in this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/chemical_material/global_allantoin_market
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website: https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
The United States could probably extract major concessions from China in a carefully managed confrontation on trading issues, because the Chinese don't want a trade war with their best export customer. But the U.S. can't win the trade war that Donald Trump is planning to wage, and it kicks off on Friday.
That's when the first chunk of Trump's new tariffs on Chinese exports to the United States – a 25 per cent import tax on $50 billion of Chinese goods – actually goes into effect, and Beijing retaliates with similar tariffs on $50 billion of American exports to China. That's just a drop in the bucket in terms of the size of either economy, but it's also just the opening salvo in the war.
Trump has already said that Chinese retaliation would be 'unfair', and that if China goes ahead he will slap a 10 per cent levy on an additional $200 billion of Chinese goods. (He subsequently reduced that amount to $100 billion, but who knows?) And China has already said that it would respond with measures of a "corresponding number and quality" if the U.S. goes ahead with that.
This is where the real tit-for-tat escalation starts, and it's hard to see how it can be stopped. Trump is trapped by his own pugnacious rhetoric, and China's President Xi Jinping is trapped in two ways.
One is that Trump has already imposed big new tariffs on exports to the United States by the European Union and by America's closest neighbours, Canada and Mexico. They have all responded by imposing similar tariffs on American exports of equal value.
Xi can hardly do less, even if China's real interests might be better served by not responding in kind to the new U.S. tariffs. He would not wish to be seen as weaker than Justin Trudeau.
On 21 June in Beijing, according to the Wall Street Journal, President Xi Jinping met a group of chief executives of American and European multinationals and assured them that China would definitely strike back at U.S. trade tariffs. "In the West, you have the notion that if somebody hits you on the left cheek, you turn the other cheek," Xi reportedly said. "In our culture, we push back."
The other factor weighing on Xi's decisions is that Beijing is starting to see American trade policy as part of a deliberate attempt to stop China's emergence as a great industrial and technological power and a real peer rival to the United States. After all, there are undoubtedly people in Washington who would like to do exactly that.
Trump himself does not think in geo-strategic terms, but the Chinese may well see his actions on trade as inspired by those who do. If they come to that conclusion, their willingness to go all the way in a trade war may be greater than the financial experts think it is.
China's exports to the United States amount to about 40 per cent of its total exports, whereas only 5 per cent of U.S. exports go to China, so an all-out trade war between the two countries would obviously hurt China more. President Xi, however, is far more able to ignore the resultant job losses and higher prices than Trump is – especially because the Americans who were hurting worst would be his own political 'base'.
MONTREAL — Congratulations to Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif. Make that Doctor Duvernay-Tardif.
The Chiefs offensive lineman graduated from medical school on Tuesday, becoming the first active NFL player to hold a medical degree.
The 6-foot-5, 321-lb. Canadian tweeted a photo of his white lab coat emblazoned with “Dr Duvernay-Tardif” and his number 76 on the back.
This is it! Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @mcgillu Faculty of Medicine. #LDTMD #graduation #passion #nfl #chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018
Duvernay-Tardif, 27, graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University, in Montreal. He was selected by the Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft, while he was in his third year of medical school.
He spent the next years working hard on the football field and returning to Canada during the off-season to continue medical school.
“So tonight right after graduation, I'm going back to Kansas City. Training camp is starting again tomorrow morning and then the season is right around the corner,” Dr. Duvernay-Tardif told NFL Canada.
“In terms of medicine, I think I want to give myself a year to think about, how am I going to be able to manage residency? Because it's hard to do part-time residency with an NFL career at the same time. But really, I think I want to also enjoy the moment right now and really focus 100 percent on football right now because we know the Chiefs 2018 season is gonna be big.”
Duvernay-Tardif signed a 5-year, $41 million deal with the Chiefs in 2017.
And when his NFL career eventually comes to an end, he'll have a pretty safe fall-back career.
The man killed Sunday night after a pedestrian accident has been identified.
Police say the man was 25-year-old Nelsin Santos of Oceanview.
According to authorities, Santos was walking within the westbound land of Kaiminani Drive when a Toyota 4Runner struck him near the cross street of Ane Keohokalole. Big Island police say a 25-year-old Kailua-Kona man was driving the 4Runner.
The accident happened around 8:30 p.m.
Santos was taken to the Kona Community hospital in critical condition where he later died.
An autopsy has been scheduled to determine the exact cause of death.
Police opened a negligent homicide investigation. Anyone with information is asked to call Officer Justin Hooser at (808) 326-4646, ext. 229, or Big Island CrimeStoppers at (808) 961-8300.
This is the twenty-second fatality on Big Island roads this year compared to 15 last year.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Lady Gaga has canceled the remaining dates of her Joanne World Tour due to "severe pain," Live Nation announced Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
Gaga apologized to her fans on Saturday through a statement posted on Twitter, saying she needed to put her "well-being first" and plans to recover at home.
"All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music," she said.
In a statement posted on the promoter's site, Live Nation said the final 10 dates of the European leg of the tour -- including next week's shows in London and Manchester -- were canceled because the severe pain that Gaga is experiencing has "materially impacted her ability to perform live."
"Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road," the statement read. "She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently.
The artist has talked about her struggles with fibromyalgia, a chronic musculoskeletal disease that causes pain and can also leave those suffering from it battling fatigue, headaches and insomnia.
Her Netflix documentary, "Five Foot Two," explores the singer's health issues.
"She is in the care of expert medical professionals who are working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come," the statement said.
Gaga had postponed the European leg of her tour last September due to severe pain, just days after she was hospitalized and had to cancel a planned performance at the Rock in Rio music festival in Brazil.
"I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you, forever," Gaga said.
Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner was sworn in a little more than 100 days ago.
Now he's asking City Council to give his office a 13 percent raise.
During a two-hour budget hearing at City Hall on Tuesday, an impassioned Krasner said he needs an extra $5 million to modernize his office's technological capabilities, recruit new staffers from more diverse backgrounds, and correct pay inequities that he says have affected women and minorities already employed at the office.
“We need that support,” Krasner told Council members. “We need to be able to compensate a staff that has been very much underpaid, we need to equalize discriminatory compensation against women and people of color, and we need to bring in the best and the brightest.”
His remarks highlighted a day of budget hearings in which testimony also was provided by leaders of the court system, the Law Department, and the Defender Association of Philadelphia.
But it was Krasner, the first-time prosecutor, who asked for the biggest funding increase, saying his predecessors had allowed the office to become “outdated” and “a Grade-B District Attorney's Office,” and had deliberately recruited staff from a limited pool of applicants — problems he believes additional funding can help rectify. Krasner was similarly critical of the office's technological capabilities, saying: “When I walked in and saw the IT in that office, I thought I was back in 1986.”
Mayor Kenney, in his budget proposal, had agreed to give Krasner's office an increase of $868,000 for fiscal year 2019, bringing the office's total funding level to $38.2 million. Kenney's spokesman, Mike Dunn, said in an email that “no other independently elected official made a request” of the size Krasner sought, and that the Mayor's Office understands “the District Attorney's concerns, some (but not all) of which he voiced during our conversations while we prepared the budget.”
In arguing for an increase more than five times as large as Kenney's proposal, Krasner told Council members — who ultimately control the city's budget — that he wanted to continue quickly reshaping the office internally with aggressive recruitment of lawyers across the country. He said previous administrations recruited from a deliberately small set of law schools and other professional avenues, which left the office without a national reputation to attract the best candidates — something he wants to change.
“This was not actually an accident, this was intentional,” Krasner said. “This was the people in charge wanting to replicate themselves.”
He also said he believes that many of his policy initiatives, which have been designed to reduce the number of people behind bars, will begin yielding the city savings sooner rather than later.
He pointed to his office's stance on juvenile lifers, each of whom is entitled to a new sentence thanks to a U.S. Supreme Court decision. His office has been suggesting earlier releases for many of the affected inmates than had been granted under former district attorneys. Krasner said that if 100 prisoners are released 10 years earlier than they otherwise would have been, the savings in incarceration costs could almost immediately reach into the millions.
“That's just one of the things we're doing,” Krasner said, also highlighting reducing the use of cash bail and seeking shorter sentences for certain crimes.
Few Council members on Tuesday got into the nuts-and-bolts of how and when money might be appropriated. The discussion with Krasner — who was flanked by first assistants Carolyn Engel Temin and Robert Listenbee — revolved around some of his early policy changes, aspirations, and challenges in his quest to revamp the city's criminal justice system.
Other city agencies will have similar budget hearings over the next several weeks. Council is expected to pass a final budget — which could total $4.7 billion — by mid-June.
Staff writer Claudia Vargas contributed to this article.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In a series of tweet quoting Rep. Trey Gowdy's (R-SC) comments about Attorney General Jeff Sessions to Fox News Tuesday evening, President Donald Trump admitted he wished he had picked a different lawyer to lead to Justice Department.
“I wish I did!” he said.
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
….chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too…and that's how I read that – Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
….There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
The tweet comes amid a report from the New York Times Tuesday evening that Trump asked Sessions to reverse his decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation last March. Sessions declined, according to the Times.
FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 31, 2017 file photo, Uruguay's Luis Suarez, right, fights for the ball with Argentina's Marcos Acuaa during a 2018 World Cup qualifying soccer match in Montevideo, Uruguay. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko, File)
FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 31, 2017 file photo, Uruguay's Luis Suarez, right, fights for the ball with Argentina's Marcos Acuaa during a 2018 World Cup qualifying soccer match in Montevideo, Uruguay. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko, File)
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay (AP) - Uruguay's priority will be keeping Luiz Suarez tamed at this year's World Cup.
After the striker was expelled from the 2014 tournament in disgrace for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini, Uruguay was eliminated by Colombia in the round of 16.
Suarez promises he is a reformed character and will be better behaved in Russia than in Brazil, where he scored twice before being banned.
"It was my mistake," Suarez said. "So I have a debt to repay to myself and Uruguay, to try to show a good image."
Things were already starting to look brighter for two-time World Cup champion Uruguay, based on qualifying at least.
After enduring four consecutive World Cup playoffs and only reaching three of the tournaments, Uruguay secured an automatic place in Russia by finishing second behind Brazil in qualifying.
Here's a closer look at the Uruguay team:
COACH
Oscar Tabarez will lead Uruguay into his fourth World Cup after a first trip in 1990 followed by 2010 and 2014. A Tabarez team has always made it out of the group stage, including a semifinal appearance in South Africa eight years ago.
A former school teacher and professional player, Tabarez led Uruguay to the Copa America title in 2011. As a club coach, he led Penarol to the Copa Libertadores title in 1987 and Boca Juniors to an Argentine league title in 1992.
The 71-year-old Tabarez has used a wheelchair since he was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome in 2016.
GOALKEEPERS
There is little doubt Galatasaray goalkeeper Fernando Muslera will be between the posts for his third World Cup.
DEFENSE
The Atletico Madrid partnership of Diego Godin and Jose Gimenez also anchor the heart of Uruguay's defense. Godin has made more than 100 appearances since his debut in 2005 and scored at his third World Cup with a header against Italy in 2014. The 23-year-old Gimenez offers a solid companion to a player nine years his senior and already has one World Cup under his belt.
Versatile Lazio wingback Martin Caceres should also be sure of a starting spot unless there is a recurrence of one of his frequent injuries.
MIDFIELDERS
Tabarez has always had doubts about his midfield's attacking qualities. While the unit has usually been capable of defending well, the midfielders have often struggled to generate chances for the forwards.
During qualifying, Tabarez called up several young players who improved in this area: Federico Valverde (19), Nahitan Nandez (22) and Rodrigo Bentancur (20).
FORWARDS
Uruguay shouldn't be short of goals. The strikers are the team's greatest strength.
Suarez is Uruguay's all-time leading scorer with 50 goals and is coming off the back of a strong season with Barcelona. Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is next on the list with 41, including a continent-leading 10 goals in 18 matches in South American qualifying.
GROUP GAMES
Uruguay, which will be based in Nizhny Novgorod, will face Egypt in its first match on June 15. That will be followed by matches against Saudi Arabia on June 20 and Russia on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
CHICAGO (Reuters) – U.S. agricultural cooperatives are building new soybean crushing plants at the fastest rate in two decades as farmers in the world's top producer prepare to sow another record area with soy.
The growth worldwide in the number of consumers with income to spend on pork and chicken has led to a rapid rise in demand for food to raise animals. Crushing plants produce high-protein soymeal feed for livestock and soyoil for food and fuel.
U.S. processors are expected to open plants with capacity to process at least 120 million bushels of soybeans in 2019, up around 5 percent from existing capacity of an estimated 1.9 billion bushels.
The last time outright capacity grew that much was in 1997-98, according to U.S. Department of Agriculture and soy industry data.
Strong demand for feed has boosted crushing margins, the measure of profitability for the plants. Margins stand at more than a $1 per bushel, the strongest for 18 months, according to the CME Group.
The margins have encouraged processors to build more plants.
“Margins on soybean processing were very good, some of the best we've had in many years. And when the industry has good margins, you expand production,” said Mark Sandeen, vice president of product marketing at farmer cooperative Ag Processing Inc (AGP).
Growth in feed demand means crushing capacity worldwide will need to expand further.
Global soy production would have to increase by 20 percent over the next decade to keep up with feed consumption, said Tom Hammer, president of industry group National Oilseed Processing Association.
U.S. soy plantings totaled a record 90.2 million acres this year and the USDA in a preliminary forecast set plantings next year at 91.0 million acres. And while industry capacity could reach 2 billion bushels in under two years, the USDA said crushings likely will not reach that level until 2020-21.
AGP broke ground earlier this year on a new soy plant in Aberdeen, South Dakota, that will have annual capacity to process 40 million bushels.
Another cooperative, North Dakota Soybean Processors, planned to build a similarly sized facility for an estimated $287 million near the town of Spiritwood.
The plants will increase demand for local soybeans, potentially pushing up prices that farmers nearby will receive for their crops, and reducing transport costs.
Ryan Wagner, who grows soybeans about 50 miles away from the new soy plant in South Dakota, said the processor could add 10 to 15 cents to the local soybean price – an amount that might mean the difference between making or losing money.
Chicago Board of Trade soybean futures on Friday were $9.89-3/4 per bushel, down 2-1/4 cents.
“That basis will be nice but in the long run I think the greater economic impact will be the attraction of more opportunities for raising livestock because of the new supply of soybean meal,” Wagner said.
“We are already starting to see interest in our area for more pork and poultry production since the announcement.”
Family-owned Zeeland Farm Services plans to build the second plant in the state of Michigan with capacity of 40 million bushels, to open in 2019. The company built Michigan's first soybean processor in 1996 in Zeeland.
The company will supply soybean meal to hog, turkey, dairy and aquaculture farms in Michigan and export both soymeal and soyoil, said Cliff Meeuwsen, president of Zeeland.
Due to a lack of processing plants in Michigan, much of the soybeans there are shipped to Ohio where merchant giants Archer Daniels Midland Co, Bunge Ltd and Cargill Inc [CARG.UL] have plants.
Soymeal then gets shipped back to Michigan to feed animals, raising costs.
“We hope to cut those costs out, thereby raising the price of soybeans to producers and cutting the cost of feed and protein to livestock producers,” Zeeland's Meeuwsen said.
Earlier this year Perdue Farms opened a processor with capacity for 17.5 million bushels in Pennsylvania, that state's first large-scale soy crushing plant.
Many of the new facilities are in places outside the central U.S. Midwest soy belt, taking advantage of increased supplies from farmers in those areas that have switched to soybeans from less profitable crops such as wheat.
Grain handlers will increase their profits by building the plants, as the margins are bigger for crushing than they are for simply buying and shipping soybeans, said Mike Steenhoek, executive director of the Soybean Transportation Coalition.
“The old adage is it's better to export meat than (soy) meal and better to export meal than soybeans. You are always trying to export that higher-value product,” Steenhoek said.
SEATTLE — An 11-year-old boy who lived in the Seattle area is playing the role of Ralphie Parker in FOX's live musical version of “A Christmas Story,” which will air Sunday night.
“I'm very excited about this,” Andy Walken said in a Skype interview Monday from his new home in the Los Angeles area. “It's so cool to work on this Warner Brothers set and work with all these actors.
The live musical will air at 7 p.m. on Dec. 17 on Q13 FOX. It also stars Maya Rudolph and Matthew Broderick.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"This is my first live thing ... also my first sort of Broadway musical," Andy said, adding that he started acting in 2015. "I'm more excited than nervous."
The story, of course, revolves around a young boy in the 1940s who tries to convince his parents to get him a "Red Ryder carbine action 200-shot range model air rifle" for Christmas. But his mother keeps telling him no, saying that he would probably shoot one of his eyes out.
"I can relate to Ralphie because we can both hint to our parents what we want and we both have very big, big imaginations," Andy said.
"The hardest part about this would be the choreography but I'm a figure skater so it's a different type of choreography ... but I got it pretty fast," Andy said.
Andy grew up in the Mukilteo, Wash., area and moved to the Los Angeles area in August.
Andy hopes the show is a hit and says all he wants to do is "keep working."
"I don't really have anything else coming up, but I want to do a lot -- sort of Broadway-type things after this and some more acting just in general," the 11-year-old said.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — A key Mississippi legislator who resigned Sunday was facing sexual harassment allegations, the state's House speaker says.
Speaker Philip Gunn said Monday that multiple women had complained about John Moore, who resigned from a House seat in Rankin County. Moore, 63, had chaired the House Education Committee for six years.
Moore, who underwent heart bypass surgery earlier this year, cited health reasons in his resignation letter Friday. The Brandon Republican said Monday that he knew of no complaints against him and was “blindsided” by the claims. Gunn, though, said Moore knew about the investigation.
“He told me something about complaints — or a complaint — I don't know who would make a complaint, much less multiple,” Moore told the Clarion Ledger.
Advertisement
Since a spreading nationwide reckoning with sexual harassment and misconduct began in October with allegations against movie studio boss Harvey Weinstein — who was fired from the film studio he co-founded — this is the first such case to touch the Mississippi Legislature.
Other prominent figures have recently faced allegations of sexual misconduct. TV news hosts Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose were fired. In Congress, U.S. Rep. John Conyers of Michigan and U.S. Sen Al Franken of Minnesota have announced their resignations.
Mississippi's executive branch has wrestled with sexual harassment allegations in recent years. Last January, Gov. Phil Bryant ordered all state employees to take a 30-minute online sexual harassment prevention course. Bryant did so after former employees sued the Bureau of Narcotics and the Office of Homeland Security alleging sexual harassment. Those suits were settled for $25,000 and $75,000, respectively.
Gunn's spokeswoman, Meg Annison, said Monday that an investigation was “imminent” before Moore resigned. House rules say the body's Ethics Committee can receive written complaints from “any citizen” about “improper or unethical conduct” by any legislator, officer or House employee. House officials won't discuss how many people filed complaints, when they filed them or the nature of those complaints. The Legislature is not subject to Mississippi's public records law.
“These women have shown great courage, and I respect their concerns for their privacy,” Gunn told the Clarion Ledger. “We operated with the comfort level of the accusers in mind and moved at a pace they were comfortable with, and at the same time followed advice of counsel.”
Gunn said Moore's resignation ended the House's inquiry which lawmakers had intended for lawyer Timothy Lindsay to handle. Any further claims would have to be pursued in court, Gunn added.
Lindsay provided sexual harassment prevention training last year to House members and staff. Gunn said the training will be offered again when the upcoming legislative session begins Jan. 2
Gunn said he has not received and is not aware of any other complaints of sexual harassment in the House since he became speaker in 2012.
Kelly Riley, executive director of teachers' group Mississippi Professional Educators, said it's only fair that Moore face scrutiny, noting that Mississippi public school teachers are subject to investigations and possible loss of their teaching license
“Just like teachers being accountable, legislators should be held accountable,” Riley said.
The allegations were first reported by Mississippi Today.
___
Information from: The Clarion-Ledger, http://www.clarionledger.com
× Yuengling's Newest Beer: Golden Pilsner
POTTSVILLE, Pa. — America's oldest brewery is introducing a new beer to its roster.
The latest brew from Pottsville-based D.G. Yuengling and Sons, Inc. is called Golden Pilsner.
The beer will initially be released in select markets in the first week of April, The Republican-Herald reports. Those markets include Schuylkill County and the Harrisburg area in Pennsylvania; Virginia Beach, Virginia; Cleveland, Ohio; Rhode Island; Georgia; and select markets in Florida.
This is Yuengling's first new year-round beer in 17 years.
At the zoo, there are plenty of places near the exhibits that will attract both bees and people.
A Tulsa truck carrying about 15 million bees crashed in Paris, Texas likely destroying the hives.
The bees were from Roark Acres, and on their way from a farm in Texas to South Dakota when the truck overturned. A nearby restaurant, Paris Victory Gardens, shared a drone video, showing the effort to recover the bees.
Dozens of emergency workers and beekeepers responded to the scene, with firefighters spraying water onto the bees to keep them calm.
"Here's the latest 'buzz' on the truck tractor semi-trailer roll over. Roads are open and debris has been removed. There are still bees in the area and will remain in the area for some time. Beekeepers have set up a hive and will be moving a queen in to try to attract more back to the hive for removal," said Paris Police Department on Tuesday. "We train for many different hazardous material releases which occur in vehicle crashes, we don't recall one for trucks hauling bees."
Roark Acres says in spite of the help recovering the bees the hives are likely a total loss. The truck driver wasn't injured in the crash.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Eight years after it was proved — even more convincingly than the moon landing — that a black man can get elected president of the United States of America, we still have slow learners stuck in the past.
It's the “Obliterate History Neanderthals” versus the “I'm White and I'm Proud Brass Knuckle Draggers.” Truly, dumb and dumber — and not always in that order.
advertisement
The only people dumber than the Neanderthals and Brass Knuckle Draggers are the insufferably tedious referees known as the Stupid Media who shape the country as a barking mad carnival, whipping up hysteria for every armed showdown.
Now an accused Knuckle Dragger and confirmed cat owner, James Alex Fields, has entered the haunted American lexicon of having three names: Lee Harvey Oswald. James Earl Ray. Son of Sam — whatever.
James Alex Fields stands accused of ramming his beloved muscle car into a crowded street during a showdown between the two sides excessively hyped by the Stupid Media.
Now was this a planned attack aimed at maximizing the elimination of as many Neanderthals as possible? Or was it Brass Knuckle Dragger road rage sparked by somebody kicking or throwing something at his muscle car?
My experience with drivers of Dodge Chargers is that they are prone to road rage. And high rates of speed. Who knows, maybe it was a pre-conceived, carefully thought out attack aimed at maximum annihilation of Neanderthals. But the “I'm White and I'm Proud Brass Knuckle Draggers” aren't known for being particularly sharp. But then again, neither are the “Obliterate History Neanderthals” and their self-styled “antifa” moniker.
The real question is why the Stupid Media gives these loudmouth malcontents so much free airtime.
The Neanderthals have worked so hard in President Obama's “postracial” America to expand the meaning of “racism” so as to include so many stupid and innocuous things that it is hard to keep track of what exactly is “racist” anymore.
You're a cop? Racist. A black cop? A racist racist. You're white? Lord, help you.
After the mayhem Saturday, the Stupid Media descended upon the mother of James Alex Fields and cornered her in her garage for one of the most bizarre — though strangely illuminating — press conferences in Stupid Media history.
“I just knew he was going to a rally,” she explained. “I mean, I try to stay out of his political views.”
Stupid Media tells her it was a Brass Knuckle Dragger rally.
“I thought it had something to do with Trump,” she replied, hesitantly. “Trump's not a white supremacist.”
Trying to be helpful, the mother of James Alex Fields then offers: “I just know there was — he did mention it was ‘Albright.'”
“Alt-right,” a member of the Stupid Media corrects her, though it is not clear that the Stupid Media was present when James Alex Fields told his mother about the “Albright rally” he was attending.
She confirms for the Stupid Media: “Albright.” Stupid Media strikes back again: “No, alt-right. It's like alternative right.”
Again, not clear if Stupid Media was present when James Alex Fields discussed his plans to attend this Albright conference.
Who knew Madeleine Albright was a “white nationalist”?
Anyway, as the gaggle of Stupid Media buzzards poked their bald heads in her open garage, the mother of James Alex Fields was clearly confused by everything she was learning about her “white nationalist” son.
“He had an African-American friend, so — ” her voice trailed off, hoping the assembled Stupid Media would get the point.
Well, she stuck the landing with “African-American,” then immediately walked into an airplane propeller by excusing her son on the virtue that he had a black friend. Every enlightened person knows there is nothing more racist than notifying others that you have a black friend.
But what exactly is this so-called “alt-right” the Stupid Media keeps talking about? Best I can gather, it's racists who are not totally racist. Or not as racist as “white nationalists.” Or, maybe, it's racists who like black people. Or maybe it is just people who voted for Donald Trump. Who knew Mr. Obama's “postracial” America would be so damned confusing?
In her defense, the mother of James Alex Fields did not appear exactly proud of her offspring's behavior, even before Saturday's madness.
“I don't really get too involved,” she explained. “I moved him out to his own apartment.”
Good news here is that there is life after grown children living in your basement. Bad news is you may still be paying for them.
Desperate to fetch some good from the awkward situation with hungry buzzards staring into her garage, she offers: “I'm watching his cat.”
• Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.
Forty Indigenous students from Kununurra District High School who signed a compact to be part of the Follow the Dream Partnership for Success Program.
Forty Indigenous students from Kununurra District High School who signed a compact to be part of the Follow the Dream Partnership for Success Program. Picture: Kununurra District High School / Picture: Kununurra District High School
Forty Aboriginal students came together recently with their parents, tutors and Kununurra District High School leaders to recommit to a mentoring program aimed at helping them study beyond Year 12.
The students and their families attended a dinner and ceremony at Hotel Kununurra at the start of the month for an event where they signed a compact with the Kununurra Follow the Dream Partnership for Success Program.
Students' signatures symbolise their commitment to taking part in the after-school tutoring and mentoring program.
Program co-ordinator Emma Lutz, who has performed the role for the past three years, said the program had grown in popularity and increased in size in recent years.
She said more parents were keen to keep their children at the school and take advantage of the academic assistance available to students.
“The compact is a really important document as it reinforces the commitment from all parties and gives all stakeholders the opportunity to have a joint understanding of the program and its objectives,” she said.
“This is to foster academic success among indigenous students, mentoring them to become lifelong learners.
“Many of these students graduate high school and go on to further study or employment including university, apprenticeships and traineeships.”
The program funds are administered in partnership between the Graham Polly Farmer Foundation and the Department of Education.
Kwinana residents will receive an increased rate notice later this month after City of Kwinana chose to hike rates by 3.48 per cent at its budget meeting last week.
The 90 cents per week increase is based on the City's Long Term Financial Plan, which takes into account capital items, operating initiatives, the community's vision and its fast-paced growth.
As the “second fastest growing outer metropolitan local government in Australia”, Mayor Carol Adams said although the City was ahead of this growth, balance was required to continue meeting the increasing demands for infrastructure and community facilities and services.
“Budget deliberations took a conservative approach in making every effort possible to lessen the impact of rates on its residents and business sector, while balancing the challenges associated with a rapidly growing community,” she said.
The new budget was focussed on major projects in areas such as roads and infrastructure, parks and environment, community and economic development, arts and events, sporting facilities and security.
Road renewals and upgrades will receive $2.94 million and the expansion of CCTV coverage and other security measures will be allocated $2.5 million.
Upgrades to Bright Future's Family Day Care Centre for a new playground will be made possible with $751,000 while lighting upgrades at Thomas Oval will cost $495,000.
Kwinana Senior Citizens Centre and Koorliny Arts Centre will also benefit from $100,000 in upgrades respectively.
Looking to invest back into the community, Ms Adams said a significant portion of money would help drive the success of businesses in the area.
“(Funds of) $390,000 will help support and grow local businesses,” she said.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Latest on Dakota Access oil pipeline protesters who unfurled a banner inside U.S. Bank Stadium during a Minnesota Vikings game (all times local):
10:30 a.m.
Police say a woman arrested following the hanging a Dakota Access pipeline protest banner from the roof of U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during a Minnesota Vikings' game is suspected of burglary.
Police spokesman Officer Corey Schmidt said Monday that the 27-year-old woman is also accused of obstructing legal process.
Police haven't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon during the Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof of the stadium and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass and burglary. Formal charges against the three are expected Tuesday.
The pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
___
7:30 a.m.
Police have arrested a third suspect after opponents to the Dakota Access pipeline hung a banner from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The 27-year-old woman is accused of obstructing legal process. Police haven't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass. Formal charges are pending.
The game wasn't interrupted, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution.
The Dakota Access pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
HAMBURG, N.Y. (AP) — When it comes to chowing down on kale, Gideon Oji is once again the top dog, beating back a challenge from hot-dog-eating champ Joey Chestnut.
Oji gulped down 22½ 16-ounce bowls of the leafy green vegetable in eight minutes during Sunday's Kale Yeah! Competition at the Erie County Fair in New York. The kale was served raw with oil and vinegar.
The contest is billed as the world's healthiest eating competition.
Chestnut, of San Jose, California, consumed 20 kale servings. He is the reigning hot dog-eating champion at the Nathan's Famous in New York City.
Oji is Nigerian and now lives in Morrow, Georgia. He took the inaugural kale-eating title last year, consuming 25½ servings.
Sunday's event was an unlikely partnership between the Independent Health Foundation and Major League Eating.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLANO – For Dallas Hale, owning a seafood spot was a no-brainer.
"I love seafood,” Hale told NewsFix. “I love all types of seafood.”
And one thing Hale quickly learned about seafood: Quality is key.
"In the Bering Sea, where we get our snow crab, our king crab, and the Bairdi, there are different zones,” Hale said. “And we make sure we get the top tier zone. We do not skimp when it comes to the best quality."
And from sea to table, Shell Shack is serving up everything from shrimp to fried catfish to oysters to crab to crawfish – or is it crayfish?
"Every once in a while, some people call it crayfish,” Hale told Newsfix. "I call it crawfish. You know, tomayto-tomahto."
As for how to eat 'em…
"There's really two ways,” Hale said. “Whether you pinch the head off, and then you take off the two top shell parts, pinch the bottom of the tail, and just pull the meat off and take off the membrane. Then, if you're really hardcore, you'll suck on the head."
And all of these crustaceans come with their special sauce.
Chew on This: Shell Shack is the only spot in the entire Lone Star State that's serving up some sweet Bairdi crab.
"When you taste it, you will realize why all real crabbers say it is the best crab that you could possibly eat,” Hale said.
And seafood haters, there's something here for you, too. Like the half-pound burger, and the buffalo chicken sandwich – sealed with the Shell Shack logo.
Now, if you can't get to Plano – don't worry. There are three other Shell Shack locations across the Metroplex, and two more are coming to Denton and Fort Worth.
So, whether you're looking for a neat treat – or to get downright messy – Shell Shack is the perfect place to roll up your sleeves and get it crackin'!
33.019843 -96.698886
LONDON First State Stewart Asia, the Asian equities arm of First State Investments, said it will no longer bill the costs of broker research and advisory services to clients, as it prepares for the launch of new regulations in Europe.
Asset managers and brokers in the European Union are being forced to split up and price separately the services previously offered together with trade execution in a bundle that was then billed to the individual fund and its investors.
The move to 'unbundle' has already begun in Britain, but will apply across the EU from January 2018 under the impending Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (MiFID II).
"First State Stewart Asia will compensate the providers of research by making separate payments directly from their own resources," it said in a statement on Monday.
"This change reflects what we believe is in the best interests of the clients of First State Stewart Asia and will help to meet the requirements of the changing regulatory environment, in particular MiFID II."
First State Stewart Asia is one of a small number of firms to confirm their intention to pay for research themselves, including Jupiter Fund Management (JUP.L) and M&G Investments, the funds arm of insurer Prudential (PRU.L).
First State Investments is rolling out its approach on a team-by-team basis, and would alert clients to any changes ahead of the MiFID II deadline of Jan. 3, 2018, a spokeswoman said.
(Reporting by Simon Jessop; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
BATHURST, N.B. - Experts plan to begin trying to remove an endangered beluga whale from a northern New Brunswick river and relocate it to its natural habitat today.
The Fisheries Department says it is hoping to move the juvenile whale from the Nepisiguit River to the St. Lawrence Estuary near Cacouna, Que.
It's working with marine mammal groups and veterinarians who will be on site today to undertake the complex procedure and attach a tracking device to the whale.
They are planning to return the whale to its natural habitat in the estuary, where there is a pod of belugas.
It's not clear why the whale wandered into the river weeks ago, but scientists suggest it may have been following fish and gotten lost.
The whale — about two metres long — appeared healthy earlier in the week, but was showing no sign it planned to leave the river on its own.
The population of the St. Lawrence belugas has been declining since the early 2000s and it's believed there are fewer than 900 of them still in existence.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Camryn Carduff as Frau Bergman, left, and Lauren Tidmore as Wendla perform a scene in “Spring Awakening,” presented by the Majestic Players, on Sunday at the Majestic Theater in downtown Pottsville. JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER People enter the Majestic Theater to see “Spring Awakening” by the Majestic Players on Sunday in downtown Pottsville.
POTTSVILLE — There were more than 50 people standing outside the Majestic Theater, 209 N. Centre St., on Sunday afternoon, waiting for the doors to open for the last performance of The Majestic Players production of “Spring Awakening.”
Some of those in line were returning to see it again, like Jackie Krevis and Becky Andruchek, both 18 of Minersville.
“Me and Becky saw it yesterday. It was mesmerizing,” Krevis said.
“It's so good,” Andruchek said.
“It was really good acting. Everyone in it is so talented, and the message that they're trying to convey for the entire show is just so powerful. What's the message? To be open with teenagers about everything. Have conversations about the tough stuff. Even if it's going to be uncomfortable, have those conversations,” Krevis said.
“Spring Awakening” is a revamped version of an 1891 German play by Frank Wedekind that focuses on the turbulence of youth. It features music composed by Duncan Sheik.
The cast included many veterans of high school plays, and many of them are pursuing careers in acting or theater. They include Lauren Tidmore as Wendla and Nick Twardzik as Moritz.
“This production is unlike any production that I have ever done before because of the cast bond, the unity and, I think, the honesty and truthfulness that it takes to put on a show like this. Some of the content is very challenging,” Tidmore, 19, of Orwigsburg, said.
She is a sophomore at Baldwin Wallace University, Berea, Ohio, working to earn a bachelor's degree in acting.
“It's been a blast! The character I'm playing is challenging, and so is the subject matter,” Twardzik said.
Twardzik is a sophomore at DeSales University, Center Valley, Lehigh County, working to earn a bachelor's degree in theater.
“It tackles subjects like sexual abuse and domestic violence. I think what makes it scary for us and scary for the audience is that these are truthful things that happen every day. And sometimes people pick up the rug and kind of brush it under and don't really talk about it. This is a show that brings it right up front to everyone's attention,” Tidmore said.
“It's the struggles of adolescence mainly. There's miscommunication between parents and children and children struggling in school, the struggles of growing up and coming of age. It's a lot of really difficult material. But the crowds have been loving us!” Twardzik, 20, of Shenandoah, said.
“This show can create a dialog between adults and their children. I'm honored to be part of something like this,” Tidmore said.
The show's director was Sarah Elizabeth Yorke, former director of the Majestic Award-winning Shenandoah Valley Drama Club.
“It's been received really well by audiences this weekend. I think it's because of the energy and the passion behind it, absolutely, and just the willingness and the vulnerability that it brings to the table,” Yorke said.
Yorke did not know exactly how many people attended the shows Friday, Saturday or Sunday, but she said most of the seats of the 224-seat venue were filled Friday and Saturday. More than 100 people were there Sunday.
She addressed the audience before the show.
“I want you all to come in with an open mind, an open heart and an open soul. You're going to see things that might make you feel uncomfortable. You're going to see things that might trigger something in you. You're going to see things that are going to move you in ways you didn't know you could be moved. And I ask you to help me and this cast to create a safe core space for the people around you and the people on this stage,” Yorke said. “Our 23 actors have worked relentlessly over the past two months to make this production happen. It has been emotional casting. It has been emotionally-charged. And what we're doing for you all here today is handing you a gift, something delicate if you will. And we ask that you receive it gently and don't let it shatter.”
For more information about other upcoming events at the Majestic Theater, visit www.majestictheater.net.
Contact the writer: spytak@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6011
A steward removes bottled water and glasses after lawmakers suspended a special session to decide on whether to accept the resignation of President Horacio Cartes, for lack of a quorum, in Asuncion, Paraguay, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Cartes, whose presidential term is coming to an end, is seeking resignation so he can be sworn-in to his newly-elected office of senator on June 30. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz)
A steward removes bottled water and glasses after lawmakers suspended a special session to decide on whether to accept the resignation of President Horacio Cartes, for lack of a quorum, in Asuncion, Paraguay, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Cartes, whose presidential term is coming to an end, is seeking resignation so he can be sworn-in to his newly-elected office of senator on June 30. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz)
ASUNCION, Paraguay (AP) - Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has suffered at least a temporary a setback in his effort to take up a Senate seat once his term ends in August.
Opponents both outside his own party and within it boycotted a congressional session on Wednesday. The lack of a quorum blocked a vote on his resignation request.
He needs to leave office by June 30 to be sworn in with other senators because Paraguay's constitution says he can't hold two offices at once.
Cartes couldn't seek re-election and the Senate seat would be a way to extend his political influence. Some experts argue it also might help block any possible prosecution on corruption allegations.
Analysts say Cartes still has plenty of time before the deadline to win enough votes.
An organization representing Kansas' local governments says it'll push for legislation that would allow greater flexibility in boosting property taxes without first seeking voter blessings for them.
The Lawrence Journal-World reports that the League of Kansas Municipalities said Wednesday it will press for amending a “property tax lid” law adopted by the Legislature in 2015.
That law generally requires cities and counties to seek voter approval before they can adopt a budget that increases the spending of property tax revenues beyond a five-year average rate of inflation.
Two measures relating to the tax lid are pending in Topeka. One would repeal it, while the other one supported by the League of Kansas Municipalities that would make bigger budgets subject to protest petitions, not automatically requiring an election.
Monterey is California's honey hub
Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Mel and Jacquie Stringham, left, of Seattle, check out a bee hive honeycomb with the help of beekeeper Mariah McDonald, right, as they take part in a guest experience, The Amazing World of Bees, at Carmel Valley Ranch. less Mel and Jacquie Stringham, left, of Seattle, check out a bee hive honeycomb with the help of beekeeper Mariah McDonald, right, as they take part in a guest experience, The Amazing World of Bees, at Carmel ... more Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 2 of 7 Seeing inside a beehive is part of the guest experience, The Amazing World of Bees, offered at Carmel Valley Ranch in Carmel Valley. Seeing inside a beehive is part of the guest experience, The Amazing World of Bees, offered at Carmel Valley Ranch in Carmel Valley. Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 3 of 7 A bee looks for nectar at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. A bee looks for nectar at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 4 of 7 Chef Cal Stamenov holds a roasted pear, torpedo onion and asparagus salad with honey black truffle vinaigrette, one of his bee-themed dishes, near beehives at Bernardus Lodge and Spa on Monday. Chef Cal Stamenov holds a roasted pear, torpedo onion and asparagus salad with honey black truffle vinaigrette, one of his bee-themed dishes, near beehives at Bernardus Lodge and Spa on Monday. Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 5 of 7 Roasted pear, torpedo onion and asparagus with honey black truffle vinaigrette is one of the offerings by Chef Cal Stamenov at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Roasted pear, torpedo onion and asparagus with honey black truffle vinaigrette is one of the offerings by Chef Cal Stamenov at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 6 of 7 Several bee-themed drinks are offered at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Several bee-themed drinks are offered at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Image 7 of 7 A bee looks for nectar on the flower of an echium plant at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Honey is used in dishes at the lodge. A bee looks for nectar on the flower of an echium plant at Bernardus Lodge and Spa in Carmel Valley. Honey is used in dishes at the lodge. Photo: Patrick Tehan / Special To The Chronicle Monterey is California's honey hub 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
The Chronicle has launched a new weekly Travel newsletter! Sign up here. Enter your email at the top and check the box marked “Travel.”
Bees can't see the color white, Mariah McDonald tells me as she helps me into white coveralls with a zip-over hood, the traditional beekeeper's uniform. This is how she dresses attendees of The Amazing World of Bees, Carmel Valley Ranch's new 90-minute educational tasting and experiential tour.
Covered head to toe, McDonald, who has been beekeeping manager at the ranch since it restructured its previous bee experience for the 2018 season, opens one of the hives and points out the queen.
“We talk about a lot of information, and have an overview of bees and their behavior,” she says. “Some people aren't totally engaged, and then once we get them in a bee suit and actually in the apiary and pull a frame of bees, that magic is just undeniable and penetrates everyone's heart and mind.”
The Amazing World of Bees is just one of several initiatives by Monterey County beekeepers seeking to make the area not just a great place to keep bees, but a place for visitors to learn about bees, taste honey, and get up close and personal with the eusocial insects.
At nearby Bernardus Lodge and Spa, Chef Cal Stamenov keeps three hives in a purple lavender, catnip, and echium garden on the property, and uses the honey in dishes at Lucia Restaurant and Bar. Drop by, and he'll happily show you around the chef's garden, alive with the audible buzz of thousands of bees. Visit the bar for a Smoky Stinger (mescal with bitters, lemon and honey) or the ever-popular EpiPen (whiskey, honey, bitters and soda). Or check out the spa, which periodically has treatments inspired by, or even featuring, honey, especially during September, National Honey Month.
Perhaps Monterey County's best-known beekeeper is 15-year-old Jake Reisdorf. With the help of his family, he turned a fifth-grade project into a business managing 125 hives around the region and even as far away as Oregon, selling four types of honey (available in local shops or at carmelhoneycompany.com), and operating a store in Carmel's downtown plaza that also sells bee shirts, bee totes, wax candles and plush stuffed bees.
If you come weekends or afternoons when he's out of school, the highly knowledgeable Jake will walk you through a tasting featuring honey dripped on apples with brie, crackers with goat cheese, peanut butter banana, and more. It's a bit like listening to a sommelier when he talks about the light, mellow black button sage honey, the more complex orange blossom, the local honey from a variety of wildflowers, and the meadowfoam honey, which tastes of vanilla and toasted marshmallows.
John Russo, a veteran beekeeper who maintains about 50 hives around Carmel Valley, and also runs a lavender farm, has even worked with sommeliers to provide tasting notes for his honeys. “It's kind of like wine, except people aren't as knowledgeable about it, because it's not something that you find everywhere,” he says.
Before Carmel Valley Ranch hired McDonald, the program there was called the “Bee Experience,” and Russo ran it. Now he has started a company called Mellifera B for a new kind of Bee Experience, featuring a 90-minute presentation, tastings and tours at a small ranch in the valley.
Honey is so much more than just a sweetener for your tea, Russo is fond of pointing out. Tastings and educational experiences are helping people understand both the importance of our bees and the ways we can use their honey, and putting Carmel on the map for sweet experiences.
“When you eat honey, you're essentially eating a Carmel Valley meadow in a jar. It's the pollens and nectars from those flowers that you see around you, poured all over your breakfast,” says Russo.
If You Go
Carmel Valley Ranch
1 Old Ranch Road, Carmel; (831) 626-2577; www.carmelvalleyranch.com/play-for-all-ages/activity-field-guide/bee-happy
Bernardus Lodge and Spa
415 West Carmel Valley Road, Carmel Valley; (831) 658-3400; www.bernarduslodge.com
Carmel Honey Company
Carmel Plaza Shopping Center, Suite 118, Carmel-by-the-Sea; (831) 687-8511; www.carmelhoneycompany.com
Carmel Lavender Company/The Bee Experience
316 Mid Valley Center, Carmel; (800) 949-2645; www.carmellavender.com; www.thebeeexperience.com
Brad Pitt is indulging his newfound passion.
The actor was spotted outside his art studio on Saturday in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles. Pitt, 53, wore a beige button-down shirt with denim jeans, tinted blue sunglasses and suede ankle boots. He's been spending more time at the art studio since his divorce from Angelina Jolie, and has taken up a new hobby: sculpting.
While the actor has appeared to have lost weight recently, a source previously told PEOPLE, “He's healthy and much happier. Things with his family have improved, all is being addressed privately, and it's serving everyone in the family well.”
From Coinage: Top 5 Most Expensive Movie Collectibles
Overall, Pitt has been “in better spirits” since weathering the difficult split in September, an entertainment-industry source told PEOPLE. As he and Jolie work with a private judge to resolve the divorce and custody, “things are definitely calming down,” the insider added.
Though he's been spotted running errands and attending charity events recently, Pitt made his first red carpet appearance in months at last week's premiere of Lost City of Z.
The actor has also been spending more time with his kids while keeping busy with work, lining up his next movies as an actor and a producer. “He's looking forward to getting back to work,” the first source says.
Pitt's next film, War Machine, is out on Netflix on May 26.
Iconic Weatherford building is demolished
The Parker County Courthouse Square was stirring in May 2016 as folks came to bid farewell to a historic structure known at various times as the Eddleman Building, Sturgess Dress Shop, the Bowden Building and the Bradford Building.
A renowned Australian gardening personality is venturing into the Goldfields to offer advice on how to sustain backyard gardens in the rugged Kalgoorlie-Boulder environment.
Josh Byrne, the WA presenter of ABC's Gardening Australia, will give two presentations on Saturday at this year's Kalgoorlie-Boulder Community Fair at the Cruickshank Sports Arena.
Dr Byrne will hold the first question-and-answer session at 10am, with the second discussion scheduled to start at 3pm.
Fair committee member Esther Roadnight said she was eager to listen to the insight Dr Byrne, an advocate for environmental science and sustainability, would provide.
“We wanted somebody who could be a drawcard,” she said.
“It can be a struggle to look after the garden... a lot of the time you ask ‘what am I doing wrong?'
“Josh is probably the right person to ask the question.
“It is going to be an educational visit so our community can better manage their gardens so their gardens are sustainable.”
The fair will be launched on Friday night, with festivities continuing on Saturday.
Mrs Roadnight said event organisers also planned to take Dr Byrne to the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Urban Landcare Group to show the sustainability measures implemented.
“We are very excited that he is able to come up,” she said.
“I think the community will get some great excitement out of it.”
Share. Wolf it down. Wolf it down.
Okami HD will reportedly be (re-)released for Xbox One and PS4 on December 12.
According to Kotaku UK sources, the game has been added to internal release schedules for two European retail chains.
The game - which was released in western territories as a PS3 download-only HD remaster in 2012 - will apparently be released physically this time around. And no, there's apparently no Switch port.
Okami - a Zelda-like game about a wolf goddess in which players use a celestial paintbrush to alter the world around them - is a beloved cult classic that's seen more than one re-release by this point.
We've been cautiously waiting for this for, well, years now - the Okami Twitter account teased big news for the franchise in 2013. It turned out to be an art book. We may yet get that big news one day - director Hideki Kamiya has previously said that he has ideas for a sequel.
We awarded the last version of Okami a 9.4 review, saying that it's "one of the finest games to come out of Japan in the last decade, and Okami HD is absolutely the best way to experience this epic adventure".
Okami is a little tied into IGN history itself - the Wii re-release of the game inadvertently used a piece of art with the IGN watermark still attached. We love you too, Okami!
Joe Skrebels is IGN's UK News Editor, and he finds himself, once again, screaming the word "Swiiiitch" at the sky. Follow him on Twitter.
Richmond stormed to the top of the AFL ladder with a 46-point win over Melbourne at the MCG
TUCSON, Ariz. (AP) — A judge sentenced a former Arizona fire captain to 66 years in prison on Monday for killing his ex-wife, her mother and another person in a case that remained unsolved for over a decade.
David Watson, who worked for the Tucson Fire Department, cried as he told a Pima County judge that he was innocent.
“We're clear that we'll never know what truly happened,” Watson said. “There are people in this courtroom and obviously this court who think I was the one who did all that.”
Watson, 48, was found guilty in March after prosecutors said he killed his ex-wife, Linda Watson, during a custody battle.
Advertisement
Linda Watson went missing in 2000. Her body was found in the desert three years later but wasn't identified until 2011 through DNA testing due to a backlog at the medical examiner's office.
Three years after she went missing, her mother, Marilyn Cox, was embroiled in a legal battle with David Watson over visitation rights involving her granddaughter.
Cox and her friend, Renee Farnsworth, had just dropped off the girl after a court-ordered visitation when they were gunned down in 2003.
A jury deadlocked in November after a months-long trial that included testimony from Watson's second ex-wife, who said she had lied when she provided him an alibi during the attacks.
Watson was tried for a second time this year and found guilty of two counts of first-degree murder and one count of second-degree murder.
He worked for the Tucson fire department for 20 years and in 2007 was promoted to captain. He resigned shortly after his arrest in April 2015.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A horrific video of a dog being repeatedly thrown against a wall has seen police and the RSPCA launch an investigation.
The video shows a woman picking up a small dog and hurl it against a bedroom wall.
Footage shows the dog trying to escape but it is grabbed and once again hurled at the wall, reports Somerset Live.
Avon and Somerset Constabulary and the RSPCA have both started an investigation into the incident, video footage of which has been shared more than 1,700 times on Facebook.
(Image: Facebook)
Many people have commented on the video footage on Facebook.
Stephanie Pope said: “That's hideous, couldn't watch it after the first three seconds. Hope to god someone sorts it out.”
Gweni Orchard said: “I can't even believe any person would hurt their pets like this, it really does make me sick to the core.”
Police visited a property in the Chard area after receiving reports of the footage.
A spokesman said: “We were made aware of a social media posting showing alleged cruelty against a dog yesterday (Monday, July 2) at about 4.30pm.
“We attended an address in Chard to reports of alleged animal cruelty.
“Four dogs were seized from the property and the incident has been referred to the RSPCA.”
(Image: Facebook)
The animal welfare charity is now looking into the incident.
A spokeswoman said: “We are aware of this issue and understand the dogs have been taken into police care.
“We are so grateful to people who report suspected animal suffering to us and we would like to reassure people we will always look into and, if necessary, investigate any complaints made to us about animal welfare.”
'If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we're wasting our time. That toughness includes the death penalty,' says US President Donald Trump
Published 11:26 AM, March 20, 2018
WASHINGTON DC, USA – US President Donald Trump on Monday, March 19, made a controversial call for drug traffickers to face the death penalty, as part of his plan to combat America's opioid epidemic – a move that appears to be as much about politics as policy.
The Republican leader launched the proposal during a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire – a state hard hit by the opioid crisis – and the move was designed to burnish his tough-on-crime credentials.
"These are terrible people, and we have to get tough on those people," he told the crowd. "If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we're wasting our time.
"That toughness includes the death penalty," he added.
An estimated 2.4 million Americans are addicted to opioids, a class of drugs including prescription painkillers, as well as heroin.
Trump pledged to fix the crisis when he took office a year ago, but so far, he has struggled to make headway on an epidemic that kills an estimated 115 Americans a day due to overdoses, according to the government-funded National Institutes of Health.
Drug-related murder is already a capital offense in the United States, but no one has ever been executed using those rules.
Officials indicated there would be no attempt to change the law to make the death penalty mandatory for trafficking alone, a move that would, could well run afoul of Supreme Court rulings on proportional punishment.
In those rulings, the high court suggested that nothing other than murder can be considered a capital offense.
"It's possible that our country's not ready for that," Trump conceded.
"And I can understand it, maybe. Although personally, I can't understand that."
Rally the base
With Republicans at risk of losing control of Congress in legislative elections in November, Trump is keen to rally his base ahead of the polls behind a tough-sounding message.
A series of special elections has seen Republicans struggle to match the intensity of anti-Trump sentiment, with high turnout among Democrats delivering a series of shock victories.
Most polls show Trump's approval rating hovering around 40%, with supporters and opponents expressing intense feelings either way.
This announcement is likely to be no different in terms of how the public reacts.
Around 55% of Americans are in favor of the death penalty for murder, the lowest levels in decades.
Trump has previously mooted the "ultimate" punishment for drug dealers and has praised Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, whose war on drugs has led to the killings of alleged traffickers.
Philippines police say they have killed 4,100 drugs suspects as part of the campaign, while rights groups claim the real toll is around 3 times the number. The International Criminal Court is investigating.
Experts say that the apparent link between low drug use and capital punishment in places like Singapore can be misleading.
Iran, they point out, also has the death penalty for drug use but still has one of the highest rates of opiate addiction in the world.
Many Democrats oppose the idea of executing drug dealers, and changing the law would require an act of Congress.
"We will not incarcerate or execute our way out of the opioid epidemic," Democratic Senator Ed Markey said last week.
"Extreme proposals like using the death penalty only perpetuate a harmful stigma associated with opioid use disorders and divert attention from meaningful conversations and progress on expanding access to treatment, recovery, and other public health initiatives."
Trump also announced that measures would be taken to tackle over-prescription, illicit drug supplies and insufficient access to treatment. – Rappler.com
WE'RE JUST TWO weeks out from the start of the SSE Airtricity League season and Derry City are the latest club to unveil their new strip.
Having recently switched from Hummel to Adidas, the Folyesiders return to the three stripes nearly 20 years after wearing them last.
Conor McDermott, Aaron McEneff and Rory Patterson. Source: Twitter/derrycityfc
The club was rocked last March when it lost inspirational captain Ryan McBride at the age of just 27. The squad wore ‘McBride 5′ on the front of their shirts for the remainder of the campaign, and will do so once again this season.
Kenny Shiels' side begin away to newly-promoted Waterford on Friday, 16 February.
Candystripes striker Patterson.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
SARANSK (Sputnik) - Mordovia Arena, a brand-new stadium in Saransk, a 300-thousand capital of Mordovia, is fully ready to host the FIFA-2018 World Cup. Located some 650 kilometers to the east of Moscow, Saransk is considered as one of the most ecologically-friendly and safest cities of Russia.
A French movie star Gerard Depardieu picked Saransk as the best place to live in Russia and even bought an apartment there when he was thinking about staying in this country for good.
The Saransk city manager Peter Tultayev promised that all visitors (there will be four FIFA-18 matches held at Mordovia Arena, and some 200 thousand visitors are expected) will feel safe and comfortable.
"I guarantee 100 percent safety, we are all normal people here, there are no bears walking along the streets, and we'll be very happy to meet all our foreign guests", he told a team of journalists, who visited Saransk in May.
© Sputnik / Ilya Pitalev Accreditation Deadline for Journalists Extended Ahead of FIFA World Cup
Saransk is actively promoting sports now, and the state-of-the-art 44-thousand-seat football stadium Mordovia Arena will also serve as a home stadium for the local FC Mordovia. It will also be a key venue for all kinds of sporting events, concerts and other mass activities. According to the Saransk legacy program, after the FIFA World Cup Mordovia Arena will be transformed into a more compact stadium. Some of its temporary structures will be dismantled. The capacity will get down to some thirty thousand spectators.
During FIFA's Russia-2018 cup the Saransk Arena will host four matches within the group stage matches, including Peru's opening game against Denmark.
The stadium was built on the banks of the Insar River and a nice recreation zone in the area will also be available for visitors. A few minutes away from the stadium a fan zone at Sovetskaya square with a huge screen is being set. The downtown area, with a new five-star Sheraton hotel among other, is also located along Insar and not far away from the Arena venue.
Наш рейтинг стадионов #ЧМ2018 🔥
12 место. Стадион «Фишт», Сочи – 43700 зрителей
11 место. «Мордовия Арена», Саранск – 45360 зрителей.
Продолжение в статье 👇https://t.co/ix345LVRrP pic.twitter.com/T6SzQM4Zit — ПростоПроСпорт (@prostoprosport) May 27, 2018
​As Alexei Merkushkin, deputy chairman of the Mordovian government told journalists, the oval-shaped compact stadium was designed to be a sunny and joyful place. Designers used a bright range of colors, combining orange, red and white. This combination is associated with Mordovia's traditional art and folk craft traditions.
"The stadium has a unique architecture and it's also quite compact, even the furthest seat is relatively close to the field," Merkushkin said.
Reno County
Hutchinson 49, Salina South 14
Marion 14, Hutchinson Trinity 6
Hutch Central Christian 68, Hartford 8
Buhler 24, Augusta 6
Hoisington 32, Nickerson 14
Haven 14, Hillsboro 13
Pretty Prairie 55, Bucklin 8
Attica/Argonia 68, Fairfield-Cunningham 22
Other area schools
Smoky Valley 22, Lyons 0
Andover 42, Newton 14
Canton-Galva 66, St. John 32
Central Plains 52, Little River 12
Hesston 30, Kingman 14
Macksville 46, Kiowa County 0
Maize South 49, Winfield 21
McPherson 35, Rose Hill 0
Moundridge 44, Inman 8
Pratt 39, Halstead 30
Smoky Valley 22, Lyons 0
South Central 47, Pratt Skyline 0
Stafford 34, Ashland 0
Postponements and Cancellations
Ellinwood vs. Goessel, ppd. to Oct 7th.
Sterling vs. Ell-Saline, ppd. to Oct 7th.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
TAMPA, Fla. — Police in Florida say a dog named Scarface attacked a family who tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress it Friday and her husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off her. Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard. They ended up in the hospital.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where two children were. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on Scarface before catching it.
Hi Alaska Folk Fest fans. KTOO wants your favorite festival-related photos for our public art show “Folk Life”. How about that great picture of Buddy Tabor. A scene of kids dancing at Centennial Hall. A late night jam session. You're all invited to send us three images that we'll hang on the walls of KTOO for the month of April. The show will be super simple — no frames, just email your three images to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org by March 30th and we'll print and hang them. Then join us for a First Friday opening at 4:30 p.m. on April 6th.
Submission Guidelines
This is a community show, open to photographers of all levels and ages (even smart phone images!).
Photographs will be printed at KTOO on 8 ½ x 11 photo paper.
If you're really picky about how your photos are presented, this may not be the show for you.
Due to space considerations, KTOO may not be able to print all submissions.
KTOO reserves the right not to publish all submissions.
Participants are welcome to their prints once the show is taken down in May.
In addition to the public show, please let us know if we can use your images on our website and on social media.
Please send us the highest resolution possible, we can work with your Facebook photos.
Submit to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org (if the file sizes are large, please send each photo in a separate email).
Please provide your name (as you would like it printed) and each of the photo titles.
(Event photo of Jason Overby by Annie Bartholomew)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - A woman critically injured in a deadly ride accident at the Ohio State Fair would get nearly $1.8 million in a proposed settlement of her claims against the ride operator and companies that had inspected it.
A carriage on the spinning, swinging Fire Ball ride broke apart last July, killing a teenager and injuring seven people, including 18-year-old Jennifer Lambert.
WBNS-TV reports court documents say Lambert suffered a traumatic brain injury, remains in a care facility and has had medical expenses totaling more than $455,000. She would get about $1.1 million from the proposed settlement, with the rest going toward attorneys' fees and other expenses.
The settlement would need court approval.
A court filing says some victims are still considering claims against the ride's designer, manufacturer and supplier.
___
Information from: WBNS-TV, http://www.10tv.com/
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — Every few years, my cousin Molly Carpenter and I plan a trip together to somewhere we've never been. Our priorities: sightseeing, shopping, good food and wine. This year, Savannah checked all those boxes for us.
Savannah is on Georgia's Atlantic coast, just south of the South Carolina state line. Hilton Head, South Carolina, is less than an hour away, and Tybee Island, Georgia, is a half-hour drive.
Molly and I were focused on Savannah's historic district, though, and we needed to have a conversation about our feet. The district is only 2 square miles (5 square km), but hours of walking would surely take a toll on our north-of-age-60 legs. Could we get by without renting a car?
As it turned out, a car would have been superfluous. We discovered the free shuttle called “the dot,” which makes 12 stops on its purple line around the historic district, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. A shuttle stop was just a few blocks from our rented two-bedroom cottage on the eastern edge of the historic district. After hours, an Uber was minutes away. In fact, after spending more than $30 (with tip) on a taxi ride from the airport, we took an Uber back for less than $18.
Advertisement
Our first full day in Savannah, we got our bearings with the Famous & Secret East Side Food Tour, a three-hour walking tour that combined history lessons with stops for a tasty bite at six off-the-beaten-path restaurants. Highlights included pulled pork at Wall's BBQ, blueberry sausage at Smith Brothers Butcher Shop and pimento cheese croissants at Our Daily Bread Cafe.
Unlike some Southern cities ravaged by the Civil War, Savannah retains abundant antebellum charm. Historical sites are numerous, including Fort Jackson, the oldest standing brick fortification in Georgia. Savannah's Green-Meldrim House, a National Historic Landmark, was used by Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman as the Union Army's headquarters in December 1864, when Sherman famously sent President Abraham Lincoln a telegram offering up the city as a Christmas gift.
In the historic district, 22 squares offer monuments to famous locals. It was actually quite pleasant walking through the shady squares every few blocks. We could take a break and sit on a bench by a fountain beneath the live oak trees dripping with Spanish moss.
The Savannah College of Art and Design's influence can be felt beyond the campus, from the SCAD Museum of Art and the ShopSCAD store to the whimsical murals of former student Allyson Burke at the Mellow Mushroom pizza restaurant.
We didn't partake in a tour inspired by the 1994 best-seller “Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.” But the book by John Berendt, about a local murder, and the movie that followed, helped put Savannah on the tourism map and has drawn untold numbers of visitors for more than two decades.
The Savannah River borders the north side of the historic district, dividing Georgia from South Carolina. Riverboats cruise up and down the river, past Old Fort Jackson, where cannon fire greets cruisers, and the Port of Savannah, a major U.S. seaport. One of the best views of the river is from the restaurant Rocks on the Roof, atop the Bohemian Hotel. Another is from the Top Deck bar on the roof of the Cotton Sail hotel.
Savannah's seafood is fresh and delicious. We dined on she-crab soup, shrimp and grits, huge sea scallops. We had lunch at The Olde Pink House, an institution in an 18th-century mansion. We also were impressed by Cha Bella, a farm-to-table restaurant on the northeastern fringe of the historic district.
We found some shopping gems, too. The Village Craftsmen, a co-op of local artisans, is on the west end of River Street, away from the kitschy tourist shops. City Market comprises four blocks of former warehouses with galleries, shopping and al fresco dining. And we were crazy for the Liquid Sands Glass Gallery, which custom-made a pair of earrings for Molly.
I tormented my husband daily by texting photos of the fabulous food we ate. Next time, I might have to take him with me.
___
If You Go…
VISIT SAVANNAH: Tourism information, https://www.visitsavannah.com/
FAMOUS & SECRET EAST SIDE FOOD TOUR: $57, https://savannahtasteexperience.com/famous-secret-east-side-food-tour/
VILLAGE CRAFTSMEN: http://www.villagecraftsmensavannah.com/
SCAD MUSEUM OF ART: https://www.scadmoa.org/
By The Associated Press
Minnesota 7 6 0 11—24 Carolina 7 7 10 7—31 First Quarter
Car_Stewart 60 run (Gano kick), 10:55.
Min_Rudolph 18 pass from Keenum (Forbath kick), 6:28.
Second Quarter
Car_Stewart 1 run (Gano kick), 14:16.
Min_FG Forbath 30, 5:02.
Min_FG Forbath 22, :07.
Third Quarter
Car_Funchess 18 pass from Newton (Gano kick), 8:42.
Car_FG Gano 41, 6:51.
Fourth Quarter
Min_Thielen 52 pass from Keenum (Bell pass from Keenum), 5:36.
Min_FG Forbath 27, 3:07.
Car_Stewart 1 run (Gano kick), 1:47.
A_73,728.
___
Min Car First downs 21 15 Total Net Yards 356 345 Rushes-yards 21-100 36-216 Passing 256 129 Punt Returns 5-54 1-7 Kickoff Returns 2-44 3-48 Interceptions Ret. 1-34 2-3 Comp-Att-Int 27-44-2 13-25-1 Sacked-Yards Lost 6-24 2-8 Punts 3-43.7 6-43.3 Fumbles-Lost 2-1 0-0 Penalties-Yards 2-30 6-48 Time of Possession 28:42 31:18
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Minnesota, McKinnon 7-46, Keenum 5-40, Murray 9-14. Carolina, Stewart 16-103, Newton 11-70, McCaffrey 8-35, Shepard 1-8.
PASSING_Minnesota, Keenum 27-44-2-280. Carolina, Newton 13-25-1-137.
RECEIVING_Minnesota, Thielen 6-105, Diggs 6-64, Rudolph 3-41, Treadwell 2-23, Wright 2-13, McKinnon 2-9, Bell 2-7, Murray 2-6, Ham 1-9, Floyd 1-3. Carolina, D.Byrd 5-37, Funchess 3-59, McCaffrey 3-18, Bersin 1-17, Manhertz 1-6.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_Minnesota, Forbath 54.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Early Easter sales have hit Amazon.co.uk, bringing with them a couple of hot discounts on Amazon Echo models.
The Amazon Echo - that's the smaller second-gen model with a changeable cover - has a discount of £15, bringing it down to £74.99 (it's normally £89.99).
The Amazon Echo Dot - that's the small Echo you can add to any room - has a £10 discount, bringing it down to £39.99, although we know this has been in place for a couple of weeks.
Amazon's Easter deals start on 19 March and run up to Easter weekend. We have no idea how long these Echo models will be on sale, it could be all week, it could be for 24 hours only.
The Amazon Echo brings the full Alexa experience to your home for cheaper than ever before. This second-gen model can be connected to an external speaker if you wish, but it's a perfect starting point for building a smart home, or just to give you a convenient voice-controlled replacement for your kitchen radio.
The Amazon Echo Dot is the most compact and cheapest way to bring Alexa to a room of your house. On its own it's not designed to be a speaker, but it can be connected to existing speakers you have via cable or Bluetooth. If you haven't dabbled with Alexa, the Echo Dot is a great way to get started.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
March 28 Amazon.Com Inc:
* Amazon to acquire Souq.com
* Subject to closing conditions, acquisition is expected to close in 2017
* Amazon.com - joining Amazon family to enable Souq.com to continue growing while working with co to bring more products,offerings to customers worldwide Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
It was announced earlier this week that Peugeot had reinstated it's involvement in World RallyCross and would be staying in the Rally championship until at least the end of 2018. It was unclear how the World Endurance Championship and 24 Hours of Le Mans organisers Automobile Club de l'Ouest would react to the news as they had been hoping that their steps to make the LMP1 class of the WEC more cost efficient would be enough to entice the French Manufacturer back into the sport for the 2020/21 season. However, the ACO has now released a statement in reaction to Peugeot's news.
Peugeot have been a big factor in the decision process of the new regluations. The ACO have been trying to get more manufacturers into the top class of the WEC, with cost being the apparent most important factor of why manufacturers are staying away. However, when Porsche announced their withdrawal from the WEC at the end of this year, following fellow Volkswagen-owned Audi Sport who departed the WEC at the end of last season, the regulation overhaul for the 2020 season was scrapped. The regulation change was something that Peugeot was a big part of.
In their statement, the ACO say: “The ACO has learned of Peugeot's decision to intensift its programme in a series other than endurance. We can only accept it and fix an appointment with them in the years to come to prove to them the interest of our branch of motorsport, and the validity of the direction taken in endurance in the areas of cost-capping and technology, which other manufacturers and other teams working alongside us will prove to them.”
Peugeot have displayed a great deal of interest in returning to the pinnicle of endurance racing, with their main focus being a reduction of cost. It is understood thta Peugeot believes the scrapping of the 2020 regulations overhaul, which was predominantely focused on cost-reduction and zero-emmisions, would not have brought the cost-reduction they were looking for if they were going to rejoin the WEC.
In argument to this assumption, the ACO stressed that they were still striving to make reduction costs when they bring in new regulatiosn for the 2020/21 season: “We're pursuing our strategy built around an accessible blue-riband category with budgets that are much smaller than those required in recent years: these grew exponentially as was very often the case in the past because of the involvement of several manufacturers. We'll adapt ourselves to this natural cycle in endurance and take appropriate action.”
It is not clear which direction the ACO will go for their 2020/21 regulation change, but they have stressed intent to keep hybrid technology in the sport as well as trying to bring on as many manufacturers as they can to help make appropriate rule changes and fill the grid.
Peugeot raced in the LMP1 class from 2007-2011, just before the rebirth and rebranding of the endurance championship to the World Endurance Championship due to significant finanical loses.
ED Sheeran forked out a cool $6000 on food and drinks at a much-loved Brisbane restaurant.
The British superstar and his entourage dined in a private room at Gambaro Seafood Restaurant last night ahead of his two sold-out shows at Suncorp Stadium.
According to a source, the party of 10 ate a meal of barramundi and prawns while sipping on Penfold Grange, which cost about $1000 per bottle, with the bill totalling about $6000.
Staff at the venue sang the musician's praises, saying he was “really nice”.
Sheeran, who is set to perform at Suncorp tonight and tomorrow night, also took time to snap a selfie with Gambaro Group managing director John ­Gambaro.
Gambaro shared the picture on his Instagram account, calling Sheeran a “top bloke”.
“Great to have Ed Sheeran at Gambaros tonight,” Gambaro wrote alongside the shot.
“What a treat. Top Bloke.”
When contacted by The Courier-Mail, Gambaro did not want to reveal specific details about Sheeran's order but said they served him “fresh Queensland seafood”.
“He came in with a group of friends and was very polite,” Gambaro said.
“What was amazing was that he took the time to speak to all the waiters and people coming through and he was very engaged and very humbled.
“It's very easy to see why he's a superstar — he was excellent (to deal with).”
Gambaro Seafood restaurant has become a celebrity favourite over the years with the likes of Orlando Bloom and Manny Pacquiao dining there in the past.
It comes after Sheeran rewarded diehard Brisbane fans camped outside Suncorp Stadium with a meal that even catered for their dietary requirements.
A handful of fans with freestanding tickets began camping out at the venue on Saturday in the hope of nabbing positions as close to the stage as possible and, on Sunday night, Sheeran and Frontier Touring had pizza delivered to the growing camp ground.
There were a few sore heads in Edinburgh on Thursday morning. Mine was ok, possibly due to the fact that my friend dragged me away at sensible o'clock and made me walk the half hour back to the station.
The occasion was gathering of everyone who was anybody in the Scottish Lib Dems to say farewell to our incredible Head of Campaigns, Adam Stachura, who is off to pastures new after getting the Scottish party back to winning form.
He took over the role just after the 2011 election. It had been a disaster and the party was in shock from the loss of two thirds of our MSPs. Weeks after that, our then much loved Head of Campaigns, Andrew Reeves, died suddenly at the age of just 43.
So Adam came in during the lean years and got us back to winning form. Hardworking, irrepressible, cheeky as hell, determined and cheerful, he kept us going. His ability to develop a winning campaign on not much more than fresh air was legendary.
His are big shoes to fill. If you think you can, you have until this Friday to apply.
Key to this role is the ability to build relationships, inspire and develop volunteer teams – building self-sufficient campaigning organisations at every level. Experience in training or mentoring is an advantage. When it comes to campaigning, you'll be equally at ease whether you're using social media, verbal or printed communications to get your message to the voters. You'll be someone who is inherently curious about what works best, be willing to try new things and will be able to make the most of the data to make the right strategic decisions. This role involves working across several levels of government and the ability to communicate well with stakeholders is another key ability. Finally, you will be well organised, possess a good temperament that allows you to cope with the unexpected and be able to work without supervision in a challenging environment.
Could it be you?
* Caron Lindsay is Editor of Liberal Democrat Voice and blogs at Caron's Musings
A young American man trying an under-arm serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open.
Seen that before?
Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 4-6 6-4 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted four hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
Camera Icon Jared Donaldson proved the under-arm serve isn't dead. Picture: AP
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an under-arm serve - not his first of the match, either - and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an under-arm service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
After raking in $100 million over the weekend in the United States, The Fate of the Furious shows no sign of being a flop for the high-octane franchise. However, if the producers decide they want to take a different direction for the last films in the series, then Funny or Die shows why Jerry Seinfeld would be a perfect addition to the family. Actually, that's probably an awful idea, but the result is still hilarious in a new mash-up of the blockbuster's trailer with clips from Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.
The fake trailer pitches Seinfeld as the new partner for Dwayne Johnson's Agent Hobbs for a mission to find Dominic Toretto. By carefully combining some of the movie's action shots and the comedian's quips, the clip lets us imagine what Seinfeld would be like in the car-focused franchise.
A Seinfeld-starring entry in The Fast and the Furious series is highly unlikely and probably wouldn't be very good. A twist on this idea has some merit, though. We would definitely listen to car-loving comedians doing a commentary track for The Fate of the Furious. Seinfeld, Jay Leno and perhaps Adam Carolla could be a good trio for suitably mixing automotive knowledge and laughs. Think of it as Mystery Science Theater 3000 for auto enthusiasts.
Unlike peanut butter and chocolate, Jerry Seinfeld and The Fast and the Furious probably aren't two great things that are even better together. However, there will be plenty of them separately in the future. Seinfeld will move Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee to Netflix for the upcoming seasons. Meanwhile, Vin Diesel will produce at least two more installments in the F&F franchise, and there will possibly be spinoff films after the main series is over.
Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, the creative minds behind The Lego Movie and 21 Jump Street, bring their unique talents to a fresh vision of a different Spider-Man Universe, with a groundbreaking visual style that's the first of its kind. “Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse” introduces Brooklyn teen Miles Morales, and the limitless possibilities of the Spider-Verse, where more than one can wear the mask.
Sam Kerr talks about being named Young Australian of the Year
Sam Kerr talks about being named Young Australian of the Year
Who is WA's Sports Star of the Year? Sam Kerr leads accomplished list of finalists The West Australian
Two of the finalists vying for the prestigious The West Australian -RAC Sports Star of the Year go back a long way.
Diving star Maddison Keeney and gun cyclist Sam Welsford attended Churchlands Senior High School together before crossing paths again at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
“We were in the same year group at Churchlands so I love seeing Sam's name up there,” Keeney said. “After high school I moved to Brisbane and then for the first time since then I saw him in Rio. It was kind of unreal seeing him, but it was awesome.”
Keeney, 21, and Welsford, 22, were also finalists for WA's top individual sporting award last year after both won medals in Rio.
Keeney has been acknowledged again after claiming a breakthrough world title in the 1m springboard, while Welsford powered the Australian team pursuit squad to gold at the track world championships.
The pair is among an illustrious list of the State's best, which also includes soccer stars Sam Kerr and Trent Sainsbury, para world champion Madison de Rozario, golfers Minjee Lee and Hannah Green, doubles star John Peers, gymnast Emily Little, Formula One ace Daniel Ricciardo, top sailor Matt Wearn and Welsford's pursuit teammate Cameron Meyer.
Sam Kerr has had a monumental 12 months. Picture: Getty Images
“It's definitely really strong and it's a good list to be part of,” Keeney said. “It just feels nice knowing that I can still get recognition over in Perth, even though I'm doing all my training and stuff over here in Brisbane.
“I always love to represent WA.”
Keeney, who is unable to make it back to Perth for the awards, said she was happy with her 2017 but saw room for improvement in 2018.
The Weekend West understands Keeney will be named in the Australian diving team for the Commonwealth Games on the Gold Coast as soon as tomorrow.
One of the 12 finalists will be revealed as the winner at Optus Stadium's Riverview Rooms on Thursday night. It will be the first black-tie event inside the new Burswood venue.
The Perth Wildcats, Perth Scorchers and Perth Glory women face off for Channel 7 Perth team of the year.
Wildcats coach Trevor Gleeson, WA and Scorchers coach Justin Langer and water polo mentor Paul Oberman will vie for KPMG coach of the year.
Sailor Zac Littlewood, diver Nikita Hains, golfer Fred Lee, athlete Sasha Zhoya, swimmer Jemima Horwood and water polo gun Tim Putt are the finalists for the Railtrain junior sports star of the year.
THE FINALISTS
Madison de Rozario (wheelchair racing)
The Sydney-based racer took gold in the T54 5000m at the para world championships as well as silver in the T53 800m and bronze in the T54 1500m.
Hannah Green (golf)
Claimed three victories and 12 top-10 finishes in her rookie year as a professional on the secondary Symetra Tour to secure a 2018 LPGA Tour card.
Maddison Keeney (diving)
The Rio de Janeiro Olympian conquered her nerves for a breakthrough world title in the 1m springboard in Budapest.
Sam Kerr (soccer)
The star Matildas and Perth Glory striker earned wide acclaim as the world's best female soccer player after her heroics at international level and record-breaking goal scoring efforts in the American national league where she was named the most valuable player before being crowned Asian Football Confederation women's player of the year. Led Perth Glory women to grand final and claimed the W-League golden boot.
Minjee Lee (golf)
Maintained her position as Australia's top ranked woman after a career record 10 top-10 finishes on the LPGA Tour, including posting her best finish at a major – tied for 3rd at ANA Inspiration.
Emily Little (gymnastics)
Shook off the disappointment of missing Rio selection to win a maiden all-around title at the national championships, while also winning gold in vault. That followed a successful World Cup campaign which saw her top ranked internationally across three apparatus.
Cameron Meyer (cycling)
Made a spectacular return to the track, winning three medals at the world championships. Part of the gold medal winning Australian team pursuit as well clinching a fourth career victory in the points race. Also partnered Callum Scotson for silver in the madison.
John Peers (tennis)
The WA-based doubles star was crowned 2017 Australian Open champion alongside Henri Kontinen and took out the year-ending ATP Finals amid five titles.
Daniel Ricciardo (motor racing)
The Red Bull star achieved nine podium finishes and one victory – at Azerbaijan – to finish fifth in the 2017 Formula One standings.
Trent Sainsbury (soccer)
The Thornlie-born Socceroo helped secure Australia's place in this year's World Cup in Russia with key roles in defence.
Matt Wearn (sailing)
After just missing out on selection for the Rio Olympics, Wearn won a career best bronze in the men's laser at the world championships. He was also a winner at the Aarhus Test event and enjoyed three podium finishes at World Cup level.
Sam Welsford (cycling)
Followed up a breakout 2016 with a star performance in the gold medal winning Australian team pursuit at the world championships.
Specialty Paper and Paperboards Market: Overview
Though there is no set distinction between paper and paperboard, the latter (single- or multi-ply) is normally thicker in comparison. Specialty paper and paperboards require distinct and elite raw materials and have similar applications.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/specialty-paper-paperboards-market.html
Specialty papers are usually employed in applications with representative values (such as cheques, money, vouchers, and security papers, as well as in packaging (wrapping paper and wallpaper), construction (construction paper, paper engineering, and composite materials) and others (such as litmus paper, blotting paper, and electrical insulation paper).
Specialty paperboards are usually utilized as cardboard boxes for packaging and drawing boards for students in faculties such as the arts, architecture, and engineering and also as sign boards in advertising and hard board covers for books, magazines, and notebooks. They are used to manufacturing containers, cartons, and trays employed to serve food as well as store medicines, food, and dairy products.
Specialty Paper and Paperboards Market Trends
Packaging applications hold a major share in the specialty paper and paperboards market, followed by printing and graphics. Consumption has been observed to be related to economic trends (GDP). The industry requires extensive investments, which is why a few prominent players usually dominate the market in a region.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22499
The usage of digital media has increased for marketing and advertising purposes since it offers exposure to a large population and is economical and environment friendly. A major cause of deforestation is the requirement of paper, which can be lessened by using digital media. This can be considered as a constraint for the market for specialty paper and paperboards.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
BOSTON (AP) — A Massachusetts governor's race candidate is shutting down a nonprofit organization that he founded that ended up on a list of U.S.-based hate groups.
Republican Scott Lively has described his Abiding Truth Ministries as pro-family, but his opposition to gay rights has landed him and his Springfield-based ministry on the Southern Poverty Law Center's list of designated hate groups.
Lively said Wednesday he still believes society should follow the Bible as the guide to sexual morality in public policy. But he says he hopes to enlist “authentically conservative homosexuals” and political liberals in his effort to shift his emphasis “to a conservationist perspective in which the natural family is recognized as the essential eco-system of humanity.”
Lively hopes to unseat Gov. Charlie Baker in the GOP primary.
Baker calls Lively's views “outrageous.”
Comments
comments
ATLANTA (AP) — Former Attorney General Eric Holder will participate in a panel discussion on race.
Holder, the first black U.S. attorney general, served under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2015. The panel discussion will be held at the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library in Atlanta.
The panel includes authors Michael Eric Dyson and Elizabeth Hinton, Black Lives Matter co-founder DeRay McKesson and Pulitzer Prize winner Douglas Blackmon.
The event co-sponsored by The Miller Center at the University of Virginia and is part of that institution's First Year Project, which is described as a three-year initiative to develop bipartisan insight and recommendations for the first year of the new administration.
"Children are set to benefit from a 25% increase in the Back to School Allowance”. That's according to Fergus O'Dowd, Fine Gael TD for Louth and East Meath
"My colleague the Fine Gael Leader, Leo Varadkar, has increased the clothing & footwear allowance for eligible school children, in what was one of his final acts as Minister for Social Protection.
“We all know the financial pressures on families during the summer and into September as children head back to school.
From July, this 25% increase in the Back to School Allowance will help to ease the financial pressure on hard pressed families across the country.
“As Mr Varadkar has said himself, this is a signal of the Government's renewed commitment to reducing child poverty, something I know he is very determined to progress.
“The Back to School Clothing and Footwear Allowance is increasing from €100 to €125 for children aged 4-11 and from €200 to €250 for children aged 12 years and over.
“It means that some 194,000 children across the country will benefit from this increase of up to €50.
“Another change introduced by Mr Varadkar was to adjust income limits in order to ensure that increases in social welfare announced in Budget 2017 won't affect people's entitlement to the Allowance.
“The increase to the Allowance brings the total allocation for the Allowance this year to €47.4 million, €10 million more than what was originally proposed for 2017.
“The additional costs will be met from within the Department of Social Protection's allocation for 2017, in which there is an underspent due to rapidly falling unemployment levels.
“This shows that the benefits of job creation spread far beyond the people taking up the jobs. It means more money to improve social services and social supports. Fine Gael is determined to use the benefits of our recovering economy to support those who need it most.
“I encourage parents to check out www.welfare.ie for more information on the Back to School Allowance. The majority of payments will be made automatically with no application form required and the Department will notify these customers of their entitlements shortly. Customers who do not receive notification of an automated payment will need to make a written application.
“The Allowance will be paid in mid-July to give parents plenty of time to prepare financially for the new school year.”
In August, Olsen was charged in 8th District Court with second-degree felony arson for allegedly starting another fire, this one on June 9 near the town of Maeser, which is east of Vernal. He also was charged with a misdemeanor for violating wildland fire prevention restrictions.
Oregon's Satou Sabally, left, Minnesota's Kenisha Bell, center left, Oregon's Ruthy Hebard and Minnesota's Destiny Pitts, right, scramble for a loose ball during the first half of their second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Eugene, Ore., Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Chris Pietsch)
Oregon's Satou Sabally, left, Minnesota's Kenisha Bell, center left, Oregon's Ruthy Hebard and Minnesota's Destiny Pitts, right, scramble for a loose ball during the first half of their second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Eugene, Ore., Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Chris Pietsch)
EUGENE, Ore. (AP) - Sabrina Ionescu had 29 points, nine assists and seven rebounds and the second-seeded Oregon Ducks advanced to the Sweet 16 with a 101-73 victory over No. 10 Minnesota in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Sunday night.
It was the 11th straight victory for the Ducks, who are headed to the round of 16 for the second straight season. Last year they went to the Elite Eight for the first time in program history.
Ionescu was just short of her second straight and 11th career triple-double. A sophomore, Ionescu holds the all-time NCAA record for triple doubles.
Fellow sophomore Ruthy Hebard finished with 22 points and 10 rebounds for the Ducks, who led by as many as 34 points. Ionescu went to the bench with 8:31 left in the game and Oregon up by 30.
With her fourth assist of the game, Ionescu broke the Pac-12 single season record of 278, set by Arizona's Brenda Pantoja in the 1995-96 season.
Carlie Wagner led the Golden Gophers with 20 points. Oregon's 101 points were the most Minnesota had given up all year.
The Ducks, who won both the Pac-12 regular season and tournament titles, were coming off an 88-45 first-round victory over No. 15 seed Seattle. Ionescu finished with 19 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds in that game.
Minnesota beat No. 7 Green Bay 89-77 on Friday. Kenisha Bell had 24 of her 26 points in the second half as the Gophers rallied from 10 points down at halftime.
Minnesota came into the tournament with an average of 85.2 points per game to lead the Big Ten and rank third nationally - behind only UConn and Baylor. The Golden Gophers were making their first tournament appearance since 2015.
Oregon jumped out to a 21-13 lead after Ionescu's corner 3-pointer. She got a layup as the shot clock expired and a free throw to put the Ducks up 30-22 at the end of the first quarter. Ionescu led all scorers in the period with 13 points.
Hebard's layup gave the Ducks a 41-31 lead. Ionescu feel to the floor but somehow nailed a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give the Ducks a 51-36 lead at the break. She went into the half with 22 points.
Lexi Bando's 3-pointer pushed the Ducks' lead to 39-62 in the third quarter.
BIG PICTURE
Minnesota: The Golden Gophers have faced the Ducks just once before, in the 1979 WNIT. Oregon won, 85-74. ... Minnesota's best finish in the tournament was a run to the Final Four in 2004. ... Minnesota's 24 wins this season were its most in 13 seasons.
Oregon: The Ducks pushed their total wins this season to 32, a record for coach Kelly Graves. ... Oregon was making its second straight tournament appearance and 14th overall. ... Bando played her last game at Matthew Knight Arena. ... Oregon governor Kate Brown was at the game.
UP NEXT
The Ducks will travel north to Spokane to face the winner of Monday's game between third-seeded Ohio State and No. 11 Central Michigan in Columbus, Ohio. The Buckeyes beat George Washington 87-45 on Saturday, after Central Michigan upset No. 6 LSU 78-69.
× Bridge Work to Close Expressway for Next Three Days
SCRANTON — Thousands of cars and trucks use the Central Scranton Expressway to get from downtown Scranton to Interstate 81.
Starting Tuesday, April 18, at 7 a.m., drivers will have to find another route.
PennDOT has given a contractor permission to close the outbound lane only. Outbound was already down to one lane.
It's all so the contractor can do more work on the new Harrison Avenue Bridge which passes over the expressway.
There will be some pothole patching as well.
The same thing is scheduled to happen Wednesday, April 19 and Thursday, April 20 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m.
A detour is in place. To get from downtown Scranton, drivers can take Moosic Street to Meadow Avenue to get on Interstate 81.
The new Harrison Avenue Bridge is expected to be finished this summer.
This section of the Central Scranton Expressway was closed last week for work on the new Harrison Avenue Bridge.
McLaren Racing has announced that Eric Boullier would be stepping down as Racing Director after the Frenchman handed in his resignation to the team.
Chief Executive Zak Brown accepted the resignation yesterday and announced a simplified technical leadership team as part of the process.
Simon Roberts, COO of McLaren Racing, will oversee production, engineering and logistics. Andrea Stella is appointed Performance Director, responsible for trackside operations. Gil de Ferran takes up the new role of Sporting Director.
“The performance of the MCL33 in 2018 has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren, especially our loyal fans.” said Brown. “This is not the fault of the hundreds of committed and hard-working men and women at McLaren.”
“The causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery.
“I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of the entire team to thank Eric for his service and contribution to McLaren and wish him well in his future endeavours.”
Failed potential for Boullier at McLaren
Boullier added, “I am very proud to have worked with such a brilliant team over the past four years, but I recognise now is the right time for me to step down. I want to wish everyone at McLaren the best for the remainder of the season and for the future.”
The Frenchman joined the team in 2014 after five years at Renault F1 team / Lotus F1 team as McLaren looked to bring back their glory years.
A switch to Honda engines in 2015 and Fernando Alonso rejoining the team gave fans hope of the team pushing back in to upper echelons of the sport once again but actually led to one of the most uncompetitive periods for the team since the late 1970s/early 80's.
Renewed hope at the start of the year with a switch to Renault power has fizzled out, and the resignation signals the start of a new era for McLaren as the look for their first podium since Australia 2014, and their first win since Brazil 2012.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Caves prove that Neanderthals were cannibals
Share
An artist's impressions of a Neanderthal. Credit: pixabay.com
Deep in the caves of Goyet in Belgium researchers have found the grisly evidence that the Neanderthals did not just feast on horses or reindeer, but also on each other.
Human bones from a newborn, a child and four adults or teenagers who lived around 40 000 years ago show clear signs of cutting and of fractures to extract the marrow within, they say.
"It is irrefutable, cannibalism was practised here," says Belgian archaeologist Christian Casseyas as he looks inside a cave halfway up a valley in this site in the Ardennes forest.
The bones in Goyet date from when Neanderthals were nearing the end of their time on earth before being replaced by Homo sapiens, with whom they also interbred.
Once regarded as primitive cavemen driven to extinction by smarter modern humans, studies have found that Neanderthals were actually sophisticated beings who took care of the bodies of the deceased and held burial rituals.
But there is a growing body of proof that they also ate their dead.
- Neanderthal bone fragments -
Cases of Neanderthal cannibalism have been found until now only in Neanderthal populations in southern Europe in Spain, at El Sidron and Zafarraya, and in France, at Moula-Guercy and Les Pradelles.
The caves at Goyet have been occupied since the Paleolithic era. The 250-metre- (820-feet-) long galleries were dug into the limestone by the Samson, a small stream that still flows a few metres below.
They began to reveal their secrets in the middle of the 19th century thanks to one of the fathers of palaeontology, Edouard Dupont (1841-1911).
A geologist and director of the Royal Museum of Natural History of Belgium, he searched several caves, including that of Goyet in 1867, and collected an enormous quantity of bones and tools.
Just a few years after Charles Darwin first expounded his theory of evolution, Dupont published the results of his own research in his book "Man During the Stone Age".
But his discoveries remained in the archives of the museum (now called the Brussels Institute of Natural Sciences) for more than a century.
That was until 2004, when the institute's head of anthropology Patrick Semal discovered, hidden in amongst the drawers of what Dupont thought were human bones, a jaw tip that clearly belonged to a Neanderthal.
Scientists have since been painstakingly sorting through fragments that Dupont thought were animal bones to see if there are other traces of ancient man.
- 'Extract the marrow' -
Now an international team led by Helene Rougier, an anthropologist at California State University Northridge in the United States, has proved from the bones found at Goyet that the Neanderthals there were cannibals.
The bones show traces of cutting, "to disarticulate and remove the flesh," said Christian Casseyas, who also leads tours for the public at the caves.
The Neanderthals "broke these bones in the same way that they broke those of the reindeer and horses found at the entrance of the cave, certainly to extract the marrow", he adds.
Rougier, whose work on the Belgian cave was published last July by Scientific Reports, a journal of the Nature group, told AFP that "indeed, we can conclude that some Neanderthals died and were eaten here", which is a first in Northern Europe.
"Some of these bones have also been used to make tools to touch up the edges of flints to re-sharpen them," says Rougier.
But the reasons for the cannibalism remain a mystery, as to the extent to which the Neanderthals ate their dead.
"Was it systematic? Was it only at certain particular moments?" she asks. "I don't know how to interpret the reason behind this cannibalism. It can be purely food, but it can also be symbolic ... The reason remains open," she says.
AFP
Pakistan Army's media wing on Monday criticised a media outlet for allegedly reporting news about a “meeting of the army chief with the Punjab chief minister”, calling such form of reporting “highly irresponsible”.
In a tweet, Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) Major General Asif Ghafoor said: “News about the meeting of the army chief [General Qamar Bajwa] with CM Punjab [Shehbaz Sharif] twice during last 72 hours being reported by a media house is baseless and highly irresponsible. No such meeting has taken place.”
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–LSU-Tulane Box
LSU 73, TULANE 50
LSU (5-3)
Louis 5-13 1-1 11, Mitchell 5-9 0-2 10, Jackson 8-14 2-2 20, Norton 3-4 1-1 7, Richard-Harris 3-3 0-0 8, Farley 1-4 1-2 3, Neubert 0-0 0-0 0, Aifuwa 2-5 1-2 5, Bidikuindila 2-2 0-0 4, Cherry 1-2 0-0 2, Pointer 1-6 1-2 3, Totals 31-62 7-12 73.
TULANE (5-5)
Schulte 3-7 2-3 8, Thompson 0-4 0-0 0, Wyatt 6-10 0-2 12, Manuirirangi 2-6 0-0 6, Morgan 3-11 3-4 11, Freeman 1-4 1-2 3, Wells 1-2 0-0 2, Madzarevic 1-1 0-0 2, Anderson 2-4 0-0 4, Cheatham 0-0 0-0 0, Cruickshank 1-2 0-0 2, Lofton 0-3 0-0 0, Totals 20-54 6-11 50.
LSU 12 17 25 19 —73 Tulane 6 15 15 14 —50
3-Point Goals_LSU 4-13 (Louis 0-1, Jackson 2-6, Norton 0-1, Richard-Harris 2-2, Farley 0-1, Cherry 0-1, Pointer 0-1), Tulane 4-17 (Manuirirangi 2-5, Morgan 2-7, Anderson 0-2, Cruickshank 0-1, Lofton 0-2). Assists_LSU 16 (Pointer 5), Tulane 15 (Manuirirangi 4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_LSU 41 (Aifuwa 7), Tulane 26 (Wyatt 5). Total Fouls_LSU 17, Tulane 19. A_1,242.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, she was hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," she said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women's Open. She got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave her a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
April 4 Wilcon Depot Inc
* Refers to news article entitled “Wilcon'S P7-B IPO May Open Doors For Larger Domestic-Share Sale” posted in Business Mirror on April 2
* Confirms statement of William T. Belo based on Co's historical growth of 9%-10% per year and attainment of targeted opening of new branches in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- Consumer prices may be more volatile than are represented in current inflation indexes, which are used to guide a range of economic decisions, including guidance on interest rates and Social Security cost-of-living adjustments, according to a team of economists.
In a series of studies, researchers examined how housing rents are assessed in official price indexes, such as the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' consumer price index, or CPI, and the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis's index for personal consumption expenditure, or PCE, which are both designed to show price moves based on the prices of a collection of consumer goods. The rent information the bureaus collect may lead to errors in the inflation rates, said Jiro Yoshida, associate professor, the Penn State Smeal College of Business.
Both the CPI and PCE use results from questionnaires that are sent out to existing tenants to gather information about the housing rents, according to the researchers. Because the Bureau of Labor Statistics sends these questionnaires to the same people over time, they usually collect information on renewal rents, which tend to be less volatile than new rents, according to the researchers. Landlords do not always raise rents on existing tenants, but are more willing to change rents for new tenants, they added.
"Landlords tend to increase rents when tenants change. The official rent surveys, then, tend to miss that big change," said Yoshida, who worked with Brent W. Ambrose, Smeal Professor of Risk Management and director of the Institute for Real Estate Studies, Penn State and N. Edward Coulson, professor emeritus of economics, Penn State and professor of economics and director of Research, Center for Real Estate, University of California, Irvine.
Rents make up an important part of the inflation indexes. In 2016, the housing component -- or shelter price -- accounted for a third of the CPI and 42 percent of the core CPI, which excludes food and energy. In the PCE, rents account for 15.8 percent of all items and 17.7 percent of the core items.
The researchers, who released their findings online in the Journal of Macroeconomics and in a working paper on the Social Science Research Network, created a new method for estimating inflation in housing rents using data such as Moody's/RCA Commercial Property Price Index, or CPPI. This data set includes new and existing leases.
Based on their revised estimates, the researchers suggest that the official inflation rate was overestimated by 1.7 percent to 4.2 percent annually during the Great Recession and is underestimated by 0.3 percent to 0.9 percent annually during the current expansionary period.
These estimation errors could cause significant problems with contracts, public policy programs, asset prices, as well as corporate and consumer decisions, according to the researchers.
"What we find is that by looking closely at one of the most important items in the consumption basket, which is housing, we have a much better idea about how price levels are changing in the economy," said Yoshida. "The CPI is used in labor contracts, Social Security payments, and almost every economic statistics, so the implication is large."
For example, because cost-of-living adjustments are based on CPI, the cost-of-living adjustment under the researcher's method would be about 6.3 percent higher. For a 70-year-old senior who retired in 2016, the new calculation would have added about $167 to his or her monthly benefit.
Yoshida said that the lack of volatility in those indexes gave the researchers their first clue to the source of the problem with inflation indexes.
"What we found was that housing rents are a little bit weird from our perspective in the official Bureau of Labor Statistics data," said Yoshida. "The housing rents in those indexes are really smooth and they are growing all the time, even during the financial crisis. And we were not completely comfortable with that."
The researchers plan to offer a version of their inflation rate index that will be updated regularly to offer an alternative look at the current economy.
###
Transparency Market Research (TMR) has announced the release of a report, titled “Industrial Protective Footwear Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020”. According to the report, the global industrial protective footwear market will expand at a 6.0% CAGR during the forecast period from 2014 to 2020. In 2013, the global industrial protective footwear market was worth US$6.3 bn and by 2020, the market is projected to be worth US$9.4 bn.
The global industrial protective footwear market is driven by the rising concerns about the safety of workers and occupational safety regulation mandates in various regions. In addition to this, the heavy usage in application segments such as oil and gas, construction, chemical, and manufacturing will also drive the global industrial protective footwear market.
Industrial protective footwear safeguards workers from injuries of the foot and ankles by providing protection and support to the same. The global industrial protective footwear market will also benefit from the growing trend of using environment-friendly products. Nonetheless, the global industrial protective footwear market will be constrained by the automation of production process and proliferation of inexpensive products.
PDF Brochure https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1472
By product type, the global industrial protective footwear market is segmented into plastic footwear, rubber footwear, leather footwear, and waterproof footwear. The leather footwear segment held the largest revenue share, worth US$1.8 bn in 2013. Nevertheless, it is the plastic footwear segment that is projected to gain appreciable traction in the coming few years. The plastic footwear segment will expand at a 7.80% CAGR during the forecast period.
According to application, the global industrial protective footwear market is classified into food, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, oil and gas, mining, manufacturing, transportation, and construction. The construction segment dominated the global industrial protective footwear market in 2013 and was worth US$668.6 mn. The oil and gas segment is expected to expand at a strong CAGR in the coming few years due to the shale gas boom in North America. In 2013, the oil and gas segment of the global industrial protective footwear market was worth US$158.4 mn.
Request A Sample Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1472
Region-wise, the global industrial protective footwear market is divided into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, and Rest of the World. In 2013, Europe held the largest share in the global industrial protective footwear market. The Europe industrial footwear market benefits from the presence of several shoe manufacturing firms in countries such as Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and the U.K.
Players in the global industrial protective footwear market will benefit from the significant opportunities provided by the emerging markets of Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. Some of the key players operating in the global industrial protective footwear market are COFRA, JAL Group, ELTEN, Honeywell Safety Products, Rock Fall, Rahman Group, and Saina Group.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
SAN DIEGO (AP) — The San Diego Chargers fired Mike McCoy following a second straight last-place finish in the AFC West and a third straight season out of the playoffs.
The team announced McCoy's firing about an hour after the Chargers lost 37-27 to the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
McCoy had said in a postgame news conference he hoped to be back next year. He won't get that chance.
McCoy was 27-37 in four seasons. The Chargers earned a wild-card berth in his first season, 2013, and beat Cincinnati in a road game before losing to Denver in the divisional round. The Chargers were 8-4 going into December 2014 before going 1-3 to miss the playoffs.
They followed that by going 4-12 last year and 5-11 this year.
“Our team's disappointing performance has not matched this team's potential and has fallen short of the demanding standards that we seek to impose throughout our organization,” John Spanos, the Chargers' president of football operations, said in a statement.” Spanos is the son of team chairman Dean Spanos and the grandson of owner Alex Spanos.
John Spanos had a hand in hiring McCoy and general manager Tom Telesco in January 2013, after Norv Turner and A.J. Smith were fired.
McCoy had a year left on his contract.
The Chargers finished the season with five straight losses. They've lost 23 of their last 32 games overall and 13 of their last 14 AFC West games dating to late in the 2014 season.
Firing McCoy took care of one uncertainty hanging over the franchise.
Dean Spanos has until Jan. 15 to decide whether to move the team to the Los Angeles area and join the Rams in a stadium scheduled to open in Inglewood in 2019. A Chargers-written ballot measure seeking $1 billion in hotel occupancy taxes to help fund a new downtown stadium was soundly defeated on Nov. 8.
Last year, Spanos was in the process of trying to move the team to Carson to share a stadium with the rival Raiders. That plan was defeated by fellow NFL owners in January, but Spanos was given the option to move to L.A. if he couldn't come up with a way to replace aging Qualcomm Stadium.
The Rolling Stones' “The Last Time” played on the PA during a break in the action after a Chiefs field goal made it 37-20 late in the game.
The game didn't have the same emotional feel as the 2015 season finale, when players went back out on the field to greet the thousands of fans who stuck around after what many thought would be the team's final game in San Diego.
“It didn't have any similar feeling to last year,” Philip Rivers said. “It was hard to recreate that. It's hard to recreate a goodbye. It's like saying goodbye to someone at the airport and then their flight gets delayed, You can't say goodbye all over again.”
Posted 1 hour ago
Six people were killed and dozens injured after a car ploughed into a crowd at Bulemia Market, Busia County, last evening.
BERLIN Germany's cabinet approved a plan on Wednesday to fine social networks up to 50 million euros ($53 million) if they fail to remove hateful postings quickly, prompting concerns the law could limit free expression.
Germany has some of the world's toughest laws covering defamation, public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence, with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities. But few online cases are prosecuted.
"There should be just as little tolerance for criminal rabble rousing on social networks as on the street," Justice Minister Heiko Maas said in a statement, adding that he would seek to push for similar rules at a European level.
The issue has taken on more urgency as German politicians worry that a proliferation of fake news and racist content, particularly about 1 million migrants who have arrived in the last two years, could sway public opinion in the run-up to national elections in September.
However, organisations representing digital companies, consumers and journalists, accused the government of rushing a law to parliament that could damage free speech.
"It is the wrong approach to make social networks into a content police," said Volker Tripp, head of the Digital Society Association consumer group.
'COMPANIES AS JUDGES'
A spokesman for Facebook, which has 29 million active users in Germany - more than a third of the total population - said the company was working hard to remove illegal content, but expressed concern at the draft law.
"This legislation would force private companies rather than the courts to become the judges of what is illegal in Germany," he said, adding that Facebook's partner Arvato would employ up to 700 staff in Berlin for "content moderation" by year's end.
A spokesman for Twitter declined to comment on the legislation, but said the company had made a number of changes in recent weeks, including adding new filtering options, putting limits on accounts it had identified as engaging in abusive behaviour and stopping those users from creating new accounts.
The draft law would give social networks 24 hours to delete or block obviously criminal content and seven days to deal with less clear-cut cases, with an obligation to report back to the person who filed the complaint about how they handled the case.
Failure to comply could see a company fined up to 50 million euros, and the company's chief representative in Germany fined up to 5 million euros.
Bitkom, an association which represents digital companies, said the government should build up specialist teams to monitor online content for potential infringements, rather than expect social networks to do it themselves.
"Given the short deadlines and the severe penalties, providers will be forced to delete doubtful statements as a precaution. That would have a serious impact on free speech on the internet," said Bitkom manager Bernhard Rohleder.
Since it was unveiled last month, the draft law has been amended to include new categories of content, such as child pornography. It also now allows courts to order social networks to reveal the identity of the user behind criminal posts.
To address free speech concerns, the legislation was tweaked to make clear that a fine would not necessarily be imposed after just one breach of the law. "It is clear that freedom of expression is of huge importance in our vibrant democracy ... however, freedom of expression ends where criminal law begins," Maas said. Maas said a government survey showed Facebook deleted just 39 percent of content deemed criminal and Twitter only 1 percent, even though they signed a code of conduct in late 2015 including a pledge to delete hate speech within 24 hours.
(Additional reporting by Thorsten Severin; Editing by Jon Boyle)
BERLIN (AP) — German police say the pilot of a passenger jet destined for Zurich made an unscheduled stop at Stuttgart airport because a Swiss passenger become aggressive after being denied champagne.
Reutlingen police say crew members were unable to calm the 44-year-old business class passenger, who was angered by their refusal to serve her more sparkling wine on the flight from Moscow late Saturday.
Police said in a statement Sunday that the woman, who wasn't named, was escorted off the Airbus A320 and ordered to pay a security of 5,000 euros ($5,871).
They said the 43 passengers on board were never in danger, but the total cost involved in the unplanned stopover likely amounted to several tens of thousands of euros.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BOISE, ID - The year 2016 started out with a special delivery for the Bates family. Cole J (CJ) Bates was the first baby in the Treasure Valley born in 2016 and this year is starting out on a high note for CJ as he celebrates his first birthday.
CJ Bates was born at St. Luke's Hospital in Meridian on January 1, 2016 and he just happens to be a member of the 6 On Your Side family. CJ is the son of KIVI Digital Director, J Bates, and his wife, Stephanie.
CJ has become quite well known around the station. He was the 2016 Community Baby Shower Baby.
The 6 On Your Side team wishes CJ a very happy birthday.
So today we continue with a theme, which is in essence a UNIVERSALIST theme. By definition, something that is UNIVERSAL is:
(1) : including or covering all or a whole collectively or distributively without limit or exception; especially : available equitably to all members of a society – universal health coverage
(2) a : present or occurring everywhere
b : existent or operative everywhere or under all conditions – universal cultural patterns
(3) a : embracing a major part or the greatest portion (as of humankind) – a universal state – universal practices
b : comprehensively broad and versatile – a universal genius
(4) a : affirming or denying something of all members of a class or of all values of a variable
b : denoting every member of a class – a universal term
(5) : adapted or adjustable to meet varied requirements (as of use, shape, or size) – a universal gear cutter – a universal remote control
And the operative definitions for our purposes are (2) and (4).
When looking at Catholic doctrine, especially that codified in the UNIVERSAL MAGISTERIUM, is by definition UNIVERSAL, i.e. TRUE everywhere, always and for everyone.
In the last post, your humble blogger pointed out the issue of POVERTY and the manner in which the Church of Francis has completely lost the plot on this issue. Specifically, the Catholic Church, and especially the next Roman Pontiff, will need to reassess the post-conciliar church's “public policy” to this temporal issue.
The reason why the post-conciliar church will need to re-think its approach to POVERTY, is that it contains ERROR. In other words, the post-conciliar church's approach lack UNIVERSALITY.
Therefore, it is not sustainable.
Our present body of knowledge, already has disproved the PRESUPPOSITIONS (Marxist in nature) upon which FrancisChurch functions with respect to this issue. And FrancisChurch will need to change its “teaching” on capitalism in the process, as demonstrated in the Dr. Jordan Peterson video.
Below is another “hot button” issue on which FrancisChurch has lost the plot. This issue is what used to be known as “OVER-POPULATION”.
The FrancisChurch position on the “OVER-POPULATION” has a more onerous and self-contradictory element to it, than it has with the POVERTY issue. With respect to the POVERTY issue, the teaching of Our Lord tells us that the POOR will always be with us. So the Universal Church's historical teaching, in its infinite wisdom, has had ERROR free teaching on this subject since its founding.
With respect to OVER-POPULATION, the FrancisChurch position is in essence an antithetical position to Catholic Church teaching, as codified in HUMANAE VITAE.
Last year, FrancisChurch even invited Paul Ehrlich, the author of The Population Bomb and titular head proponent of global depopulation, to its Pontifical Academy of Science (PAS) and the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences (PASS) hosted international conference on the environment. (see here)
And more recently, we find out that the Catholic teaching on the sanctity of human life is about to be “revised” as well. (see here)
And just as it did with adopting a functional Marxist approach to the problem of POVERTY, FrancisChurch is also struck out with its policy on GLOBAL DEPOPULATION.
Below is what everybody in the “public policy” world that deals with the problem of DEPOPULATION is talking about, but none dare speak its name. The 800 lb gorilla in the roome is that global population has reached its peak and will be starting its decline in the foreseeable future.
And this is raising a whole host of problems, which the post below goes into with greater detail.
Concluding, what this humble blogger would like to NOTE is that if the post-conciliar church wants to maintain its relevance, it must return to explaining the place of man in His creation with a sense of REALITY.
The REALITY is that DEPOPULATION will create a global crisis in the not too distant future. Hosting international conferences on the environment at the Vatican, with guests who are in essence debunked pseudo-scientific hucksters like Paul Ehrlich is… well… counter-productive.
So figuratively speaking, Francis whiffs again…
Credible it's not.
So as Francis, the DEPOPULATION HUCKSTER of Rome “progresses” his FrancisFlock back to a 1960's VIRTUAL REALITY, it might be a good idea for the upper and middle management of the VATICAN to begin taking on board the OBJECTIVE REALITY of the “magisterium” that Francis is peddling and start planning for the post-Francis post-conciliar church.
One final though. If the middle and upper management would want to become RELEVANT, not to mention SUSTAINABLE in the shortest possible time frame, it would be wise to abrogate the post-conciliar “religion of the new spring time of VII” and return to Catholicism.
Just a thought!
The Global Economy Is Running Out Of Its Most Valuable Resource
Via GEFIRA,
The current state of the financial markets and the global economy depends on one single resource that nobody, even such renowned economists as Paul Krugman or Robert J. Shiller and dissenters like Max Keiser and Jim Rickards, dares to talk about. In private discussions central bank managers told us that they were aware that none of the existing economic theories and models fit this new situation.
Yet, they do not broach it in their public speeches and lectures, preferring to deal with such topics as balance sheets and business cycles. All of which reminds one of a family visiting a terminally sick relative: everybody knows that he will never recover, and nobody whispers as much as a word about it.
All productive nations whether in East Asia or the West, have reached the peak of their 250-year-long development. Even the most devastating wars could not prevent their populations from growing in the long run. It is only now, during the many decades of peace and affluence, that the numbers of the inhabitants of the developed countries have been decreasing and the trend continues. The phenomenon has not been brought about by any famine or natural disaster but by the sheer fact that people do not want to have children.
Japan is an economic bellwether. The country refrained from mass migration and during the 2006-2016 period its population shrank by 0.5%, oil consumption dropped by 22%, car sales by 7% and GDP by 4%.
Japan is the first country to cope with the new reality and investors need to change their mindset to understand what this new reality stands for. In the past, every business cycle, recession or recovery, ended with a higher GDP and larger economy than before. In the future we will see the opposite: every business cycle will conclude with a lower GDP and a smaller economy than the previous one.
A shrinking population entails economic consequences. Oil consumption will decline, car sales will go down, and national GDP will be lowed and lower. The paradox of it all is that the total economy may be shrinking, and yet people in the US, Europe and Japan will be doing better than before. Why? Because a less crowded country means less dependence on (foreign) oil, lower pollution and CO2 emissions, fewer traffic jams, more space and food abundance.
It is the financial sector that will be afflicted by the new reality, not the people. Without the support of central banks the Western financial industry will not survive a continued depopulation, a situation in which people save and spend less and less money. A buoyant economy invests in win-win deals, a stable economy is a zero-sum game, and in a depressed economy all investors lose. That is why central bankers are considering the imposition of negative interest rates. These are flashing warning signals.
Confronted with this reality, the American and European leaderships have opted for re-population. If the pace of this process remains the same, before this century is over, 50% of the Western states will be replaced with people from the Third World.
The Washington establishment began with the acceptance of unprecedented numbers of migrants from Latin America while the enlargement of the European Union made up for the lack of people, at least for the time being. As under the banner of the free movement of labour, Germany, the UK and the Netherlands got a fair share of migrants from Central Europe, this part of the continent has been deprived of its youth. For example the Polish generation in the age bracket 15-20 is 30% smaller. Now it is Ukraine's turn to hand over its youth to Western Europe. After the 2014 revolt in Kiev the European Union was in a desperate hurry to grant Ukrainian “patriots” the right of visa-free travel, so that they could leave their allegedly beloved home country.
Demographics is quite precise, and those in power saw the coming “disaster” in advance. Peter Sutherland, a former Goldman Sachs banker, became an advocate of mass migration. In 2008 he said: “Rich countries should not try to restrict migration from poor countries, even during the economic slowdown.” Alas, migration is not about helping the poor – there are just too many of them – migration is about re-populating Europe. Migration is also about economics and finance.
All theories, all models that we know about the economy, finance and markets were developed when the European populations grew. The global economy is dependent on the industrialized world. Without Europe, the Sheikhs of Dubai would relapse into the life in tents, Africa's population would be about 90 million instead of 1.2 billion, and today's US would be a sparsely populated country with very few nomad tribes.
Prestigious consultancy firms have told their corporate clients that all societies are in essence the same and well on the way to becoming like Western economies. The Africans only need to change the law, and they will be as productive, diligent and efficient as people in Europe. Those pundits believe that if car sales stall in Europe, China will be the next market; if the Chinese market is flooded, we have still India, and then – probably around 2040 – the Africans will be the new customers.
We believe that the world's economy is concentrated in East Asia and in the West, with all other economies being but satellites, and it is not going to change, at least in the foreseeable future. If the West together with Eastern Asia collapse, the rest of the world will follow suit. If the West and Eastern Asia stop being interested in African resources, the Black Continent will crumble. We remind the reader that all African countries are dependent on food imports which they finance with the exports of commodities. Africa cannot sustain its current population let alone the doubling of it within 25 years. 50% of the African youth is younger than 25.
The consultancies of Ernst and Young call these youngsters “demographic dividend”, a treasure trove for the global companies to reap. If they cannot capitalize on them in Africa, they have to bring them to Europe, as we see happening now. The current migration process which goes by the name of crisis is engineered and promoted by an influential lobby.
Advertisements
Titanium, a compound element, is a radiant transition metal with high strength and low density. It is silver in color and exhibits high resistance properties. The aviation and aerospace industries are the key end-users of this product. Owing to the metal's light weight, it is mostly used in spacecrafts, ships, aircraft, and electrodes. Its rising application in anodic spark depositions and large-scale exhausts is predicted to drive the titanium market over the forecast period. The titanium ore mining market is projected to expand rapidly due to the growing demand for pure titanium and its commercial usage in the marine, industrial, biomechanical, and automotive sectors.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23804
Owing to its high resistance and corrosion property, titanium has been increasingly preferred in the construction sector for bleaching equipment in paper & pulp plants, chloride production, and heat exchangers. Due to the rising environmental concerns across the globe, titanium oxide has been increasingly employed as an auxiliary of lead, primarily in the paints industry. The growing use of titanium oxide nanoparticles in high expertise photovoltaic fittings has been a motivating factor for the titanium ore mining market. The introduction of geothermal energy technologies for titanium which displays a higher melting point than steel and its low maintenance cost are likely to play a crucial role too. Titanium ore mining process involves the extraction of titanium and preparation of titanium alloys and compounds for use in various products.
Data related to different types of ore that is available in the market including ilmenite and rutile has been lime lighted in this report. The former accounted for a major market share in 2016 and is expected to retain its dominant position over the forecast period. Ilmenite is a vital ore of titanium, widely used in its natural form and other related rutile synthetic products. It contains almost half of titanium oxide, so it can beneficiate titanium concentrates. On the other hand, rutile is predicted to witness the most promising growth during the forecast period from 3On the basis 2017 to 2025 owing to extensive use of the product across various end-users segment. Of end-user, the titanium ore mining market is segmented into the aviation, automobile, marine, and others sectors. Aviation held the leading share in the market in 2016 and is anticipated to retain its position over the forecast period.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/titanium-ore-mining-market.html
In addition information related to current market conditions along with in-depth analysis regarding future growth prospective of all the above mentioned segments including ore type and end-users across different regions including Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa (MEA) and Latin America is also highlighted in this report. Asia Pacific constituted the dominant market share in 2016 and is projected to retain its position over the forecast period due to rising demand for pigments across the construction & automotive industries and the presence of emerging economies such as China and India in this region. North America accounted for a considerable market share on account of the developed aviation and automotive sectors. The rising use of titanium in coatings, additives, and the medical industry propelled the titanium ore mining market in Europe, led by Germany and the U.K. Middle East & Africa is estimated to be an emerging region for the titanium ore mining market over the forecast period.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Outstanding reviews by leading experts in osteoimmunology provide new insights and point to future directions in one of the most rapidly evolving areas of research within the bone field
Osteoimmunology, which deals with the crosstalk and shared mechanisms of the skeletal and immune systems, provides important insights into both systems. A special issue of invited reviews in Calcified Tissue International & Musculoskeletal Research provides readers with succinct state-of-the-art reviews of the most important areas of research within the field of osteoimmunology.
The contributions, many featuring superb illustrations, have been authored by the world's leading experts in their respective areas of research. The issue editors, Professors Stuart H. Ralston and Georg Schett, stated: "As guest editors we are delighted to have been able to bring this special issue together which provides our readers with a state-of-the art update on this rapidly developing field."
###
About Calcified Tissue International & Musculoskeletal Research:
Calcified Tissue International & Musculoskeletal Research is a peer-reviewed journal which publishes original preclinical, translational and clinical research, and reviews concerning the structure and function of bone, and other musculoskeletal tissues in living organisms, as well as clinical studies of musculoskeletal disease. It includes studies of cell biology, molecular biology, intracellular signalling, and physiology, as well as research into the hormones, cytokines and other mediators that influence the musculoskeletal system. The journal also publishes clinical studies of relevance to bone disease, mineral metabolism, muscle function, and musculoskeletal interactions. 2016 Impact Factor: 3.125 https:/ / link. springer. com/ journal/ 223
Editors-in-Chief: Stuart Ralston and René Rizzoli; Musculoskeletal Research Section Editor: Roger Fielding
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - London is not providing Moscow with a sample of the substance that poisoned former GRU Colonel Sergei Skripal, because the Russian experts are able to quickly determine that it was not manufactured in Russia, Leonid Rink, one of the developers of the Novichok chemical weapons system said in an interview with Sputnik.
"Why do you think the British refuse to give a [nerve agent] sample to Moscow? Because no matter how hard the specialists try, the manufacturing technology always differs a little. It's a kind of 'handwriting sample.' It will immediately become clear that this is not a Russian technology," Rink said.
Rink added that the sample from Salisbury is like a "fingerprint" for a forensic expert.
"It could be easily determined that it [the poison] was not 'cooked' in Russia," he stressed.
According to the scientist, British chemical weapons experts had access to Novichok technology and could have used it to poison Skripal and his daughter.
READ MORE: 'Trying to Make Herself Look Good': Expert Explains May's Stance on Skripal Case
"It [the Novichok-type technology] is commonly available for professionals…Any pharmaceutical corporation, any chemical corporation is capable of manufacturing it in their laboratories," Rink said.
"It is absolutely certain that there are such specialists in the UK. I believe they could have applied the substance on Skripal or his daughter's belongings. Or on some objects in the cemetery. Naturally, there should have known that Skripal would visit the cemetery. It could have easily been done by the British themselves," he concluded.
Former Russian intelligence officer Skripal and his daughter were found unconscious on a bench near a shopping center in the UK city of Salisbury on March 4. Subsequent investigation of the case revealed that the two were poisoned with a military-grade nerve agent believed to be developed in secrecy by the former Soviet Union.
© AP Photo/ Rick Findler/PA UK Police See No Connection Between Skripal and Glushkov Cases
As the victims remain at the hospital in critical conditions, the highly publicized poisoning incident has triggered a massive diplomatic fallout between London and Moscow; UK authorities have accused Russia of being behind the attack and expelled 23 Russian diplomats, vowing additional punitive measures. Russian officials called such allegations groundless and responded by declaring 23 employees of the UK Embassy in Moscow personae non gratae.
Russia has demanded access to the case'a materials, including the nerve gas, allegedly used to poison Skripal, however, London has refused to do so according to Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has claimed that there is evidence that Russia has been stockpiling the nerve gas, while Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has said that the deadly substance may have originated from the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Sweden, the United Kingdom, or the United States.
Keone Kela: Teammates "want to help me become better man"
Rangers relievever Keone Kela said his demotion to Triple A after an incident with teammates at the end of spring training taught him to be more accountable for his actions (Video by Stefan Stevenson).
Palisades Cub Pack 223 held its 2017 Pinewood Derby on March 19 in the St. Matthew's gym.
Thirty-five seasoned racers from first, second and third grade put their cars at the top of the three-lane track and let them speed down to the bottom of the ramp.
Winning cars made it into additional rounds, with Florino Spadavecchia of Kenter Canyon Elementary taking first, with no losses.
Second went to Village School's Devan Gunsager, while Zac Biniak of Seven Arrows took third.
In designing a car, each entrant receives a pine block racing car kit. The boys work to make their car unique, and the final weight cannot exceed five ounces.
There is also judging for best design and other non-racing categories. In the best design class, Luke DePastino from Kenter Canyon took first, while his brother Jude won for most colorful entry. The car judged most unique belonged to Maximus Morritt from Corpus Christi School.
“The annual Pinewood Derby is a fun Palisades tradition that Cub families have been enjoying for decades,” said resident Nancy Niles, who watched her grandson Joey Curtis, a second grader at Corpus Christi, race his car.
CORAL GABLES, Fla. (AP) — Erykah Davenport and Shaneese Bailey made key plays back-to-back late in the game and four players scored in double figures as a balanced Miami upset the No. 20 Kentucky women 65-54 on Sunday, handing the Wildcats a second loss in as many games.
With the Hurricanes (6-3) holding a 56-52 lead with 97 seconds left, Davenport was frenetic on defense, poking the ball away on one side of the hoop and rushing crosscourt to block an Amanda Pascal jumper from just inside the 3-point line. Maci Morris missed after the Kentucky inbound, Bailey grabbed the rebound and hit a dagger of a 3-pointer from the top of the circle on the other end for a 59-52 lead with 1:01 remaining.
Kentucky (8-3) was coming off a 70-64 loss at Florida Gulf Coast on Friday.
Davenport finished with 12 points and 12 rebounds, her third double-double this season, and blocked three shots. Bailey's critical 3-pointer was her only trey of the game as she scored 11 points. Endia Banks led with 13 points and eight assists, Mykea Gray added 12 points.
Trailing 30-23 at halftime, Miami exploded with a 28-point third quarter and outscored the Wildcats 42-24 after halftime for its first win against a ranked opponent this season and just its second against Kentucky in the last eight meetings.
Morris scored a game-high 18 points and Alyssa Rice added 11 but the Wildcats were 20-for-63 from the floor, 7-for-29 after halftime.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Benedict Cumberbatch is cooking up another Masterpiece for BBC One.
RELATEDOrphan Black Final Season Premiere Date Set at BBC America
The Sherlock star will lead and executive-produce a 90-minute retelling of Ian McEwan's 1987 novel The Child In Time, our sister site Deadline reports.
Cumberbatch will play a children's author named Stephen Lewis, whose young daughter “goes missing in the lyrical and heartbreaking exploration of love, loss and the power of things unseen.” As the drama unfolds, we see the devastating effects loss can have on a marriage “until hope surfaces and triumphs unexpectedly.”
RELATEDSherlock Season 4 Finale Recap: You're Invited to Family Game Night
“I read the novel years ago and it stayed with me — profound, beautiful and very moving,” Cumberbatch said in a statement. “Only Ian McEwan could write about loss with such telling honesty. We're very excited to have [writer] Stephen Butchard's subtle and brilliant adaptation, and in Julian Farino we have an extraordinary director who delivers emotional truth. I'm so proud The Child In Time will be the first drama produced by [Cumberbatch's company] SunnyMarch TV.”
Will you give Cumberbatch 90 minutes of your time? Drop a comment with your thoughts on his new project below.
Last Word: Are you cooking with gas?
Photo: Pierre Andrieu / AFP / Getty Images 2012 The California Energy Commission will vote May 9 on new building...
Are you cooking with gas?
The many avid cooks in my circle of friends swears by their gas stoves, but in the state's march toward a clean energy economy, they must go. The California Energy Commission will vote May 9 on new building energy efficiency standards that, if approved, point to electric cooktops as the future.
I already hear the whining, as gas stoves are a point of pride for many homeowners. This wasn't always the case. Gas stoves became popular when natural gas became abundant — and cheap. Buildings are our second-largest source of greenhouse gas because they use gas to heat water, space and food.
Builders are already up in arms against such a switch. And, much of the state's electricity is generated at gas-fired power plants. But industry analysts note companies and investors are embracing clean energy because utilities can buy and store solar-generated electricity more cheaply than natural gas.
Will you stay on the pipe — or plug in to a clean energy future?
Lois Kazakoff, deputy editorial page editor
Cars drive through high water on the exit ramp to southbound 610 from eastbound Interstate-10 on Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Houston. Heavy rains that flooded some Houston streets on July Fourth are expected to subside. (Michael Ciaglo/Houston Chronicle via AP) ORG XMIT: TXHOU203
Michael Ciaglo, AP
Houston was under siege and underwater Wednesday as storms drenched the region with up to eight inches of rain.
More storms were forecast Wednesday night, and authorities canceled the Freedom Over Texas concerts because of the weather. Mayor Sylvester Turner warned residents that flooding was rampant throughout the city.
"Do not put yourself in a position that will put yourself and others in danger," he said on Twitter.
Authorities are wary about storms after the damage wrought by Hurricane Harvey, which blasted Texas, Louisiana, Florida and other states in the region in August. That storm, one of the worst on record, caused more than $100 billion in damages.
"Today's event gave us a trial run to be prepared," Turner said. "Our operations have been a lot smoother, and we still have some fine tuning to do."
Dave Samuhel, senior meteorologistat AccuWeather, said some areas near downtown Houston were hit with 4-6 inches of rain, with one or two spots registering 8 inches.
"It was very intense earlier, with some areas seeing three or four inches of rain in an hour," he said.
The city's main fireworks show will go on as planned. But no one is allowed on site, meaning fans must watch the fireworks from home or nearby neighborhoods.
Turner said he was a "kid at heart" and rarely will sign off on canceling fireworks.
"The show allows us to pay homage to those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice so we can enjoy the freedoms we cherish everyday," he said.
Harvey also brought infamy to little Nederland, Texas, near the Louisiana border when one location near the town of about 20,000 was walloped with 60.58 inches of rain. That broke the record for the greatest rainfall amount ever recorded in the Lower 48 from a single storm, WeatherBug reported.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Indian stars Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone didn't emerge as winners at the Teen Choice 2017 award ceremony, where TV show Riverdale and film Wonder Woman dominated the winners' list.
Deepika was nominated for her Hollywood debut xXx: Return of Xander Cage in the Choice Action Movie Actress category and lost the title to Gal Gadot, who won for her act in hit film Wonder Woman.
Priyanka was also nominated for her Hollywood debut film Baywatch in the Choice Movie Villain category. She was competing with stars like Charlize Theron, Elizabeth Banks, James McAvoy, Javier Bardem and Luke Evans. Evans emerged the winner. The fan-decided awards were announced here on Sunday.
The annual ceremony, which recognizes teen icons in film, television, music, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, honoured film and TV titles including Wonder Woman, Riverdale, and Beauty and the Beast, reports ew.com.
Trending :
Stars from Riverdale, Teen Wolf, and Pretty Little Liars dominated the TV categories, while Wonder Woman and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 won big in the movie categories.
Pop band Maroon 5 also walked away with the second ever Decade Award, singer Bruno Mars was honoured with the Visionary Award, and actress Vanessa Hudgens was presented with the first-ever #SeeHer Award.
Here's a list of some of the winners:
Choice Action Movie: “Wonder Woman”
Choice Action Movie Actor: Chris Pine for “Wonder Woman”
Choice Action Movie Actress: Gal Gadot for “Wonder Woman”
Choice Sci-Fi Movie: “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2”
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor: Chris Pratt for “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2”
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actress: Zoe Saldana for “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2”
Choice Fantasy Movie: “Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Fantasy Movie Actor: Dwayne Johnson for “Moana”
Choice Fantasy Movie Actress: Emma Watson for “Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Drama Movie: “Everything, Everything”
Choice Drama Movie Actor: Kian Lawley for “Before I Fall”
Choice Drama Movie Actress: Emma Watson for “The Circle”
Choice Comedy Movie: “Finding Dory”
Choice Comedy Movie Actor: Zac Efron for “Baywatch”
Choice Comedy Movie Actress: Ellen DeGeneres for “Finding Dory”
Choice Summer Movie: “Spider-Man: Homecoming”
Choice Summer Movie Actor: Tom Holland for “Spider-Man: Homecoming”
Choice Summer Movie Actress: Zendaya for “Spider-Man: Homecoming”
Choice Movie Villain: Luke Evans for “Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Breakout Movie Star: Auli'i Cravalho for “Moana”
Choice MovieShip: Emma Watson and Dan Stevens for “Beauty and the Beast”
Television
Choice Drama TV Show: “Riverdale”
Choice Drama TV Actor: Cole Sprouse for “Riverdale”
Choice Drama TV Actress: Lucy Hale for “Pretty Little Liars”
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Show: “The Vampire Diaries”
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actor: Dylan O'Brien for “Teen Wolf”
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actress: Kat Graham for “The Vampire Diaries”
Choice Action TV Show: “The Flash”
Choice Action TV Actor: Grant Gustin for “The Flash”
Choice Action TV Actress: Melissa Benoist for “Supergirl”
Choice Comedy TV Show: “Fuller House”
Choice Comedy TV Actor: Jean-Luc Bilodeau for “Baby Daddy”
Choice Comedy TV Actress: Candace Cameron Bure for “Fuller House”
Choice Animated TV Show: “Family Guy”
Music
Choice Male Artist: Harry Styles
Choice Female Artist: Ariana Grande
Choice Music Group: Fifth Harmony
Choice Country Artist: Carrie Underwood
Choice Electronic/Dance Artist: Calvin Harris
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Artist: Beyoncé
Choice Rock Artist: Harry Styles
Choice Song: Female Artist: Camila Cabello – “Crying in the Club”
Choice Song: Male Artist: Niall Horan – “Slow Hands”
Choice Song: Group: Fifth Harmony (Gucci Mane) – “Down”
Choice Collaboration: Steve Aoki and Louis Tomlinson – “Just Hold On”
Choice Summer Song: “Despacito” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee (Justin Bieber)
Choice Summer Female Artist: Camila Cabello
Recent news:
Mango leaves Guy Carpenter
David Bull 14 June 2017
Guy Carpenter's head of innovation and product development Don Mango is leaving the reinsurance broker, The Insurance Insider can reveal.
Although the circumstances of his departure are unknown, it is not thought that the executive is exiting the Marsh & McLennan subsidiary with another role lined up.
Sources have suggested he is likely to re-emerge at another reinsurance broker or consulting firm, however.
Mango joined Guy Carpenter's quantitative analysis and modelling unit Instrat in 2006 from GE Insurance Solutions, where...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- A low sperm count may do more than affect a man's ability to have children. It also may be linked to a number of health problems, new research suggests.
A study of nearly 5,200 Italian men found that those with low sperm counts were 1.2 times more likely to have more body fat, higher blood pressure, higher bad cholesterol and triglycerides, and lower levels of good cholesterol.
Men with low sperm counts also had higher rates of metabolic syndrome, a cluster of these and other risk factors that boost the odds of diabetes, heart disease and stroke. They also had higher rates of insulin resistance, which can lead to diabetes.
"Infertile men are likely to have important coexisting health problems or risk factors that can impair quality of life and shorten their lives," said lead investigator Dr. Alberto Ferlin.
He is an associate professor of endocrinology at the University of Brescia in Italy.
"Fertility evaluation gives men the unique opportunity for health assessment and disease prevention," Ferlin added.
The study was presented March 18 at the Endocrine Society's annual meeting, in Chicago.
Ferlin said the study associates low sperm count with metabolic changes, heart disease risk and low bone mass.
He added, however, that it does not prove that low sperm counts cause these problems. Instead, it shows sperm quality can reveal general health.
"Men of couples having difficulties achieving pregnancy should be correctly diagnosed and followed up by their fertility specialists and primary care doctor because they could have an increased chance of morbidity and mortality," Ferlin said in a society news release.
Research presented at medical meetings is considered preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal.
More information
The U.S. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development has more on male infertility.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE: Endocrine Society, news release, March 18, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
MIDDLEBURY, Vt. (AP) — For the first time in more than half a century, a series of Christmas cards and booklets that feature poems by Robert Frost, the poet known for his gritty images of rural New England life, are on display at Vermont's Middlebury College.
Some of the poems were published for the first time in the cards, some were early drafts of works in progress that went on to become Frost staples, while still others had been previously published.
The first card, sent in 1929 by a New York printer without Frost's permission, included Frost's poem “Christmas Trees,” a work about a city man visiting the country to buy a Christmas tree: “He asked if I would sell my Christmas trees / My woods — the young fir balsams like a place / Where houses all are churches and have spires.”
But not all the poems are about Christmas. In 1934, after Frost teamed up with New York printer Joe Blumenthal, the card included the poem “Two Tramps in Mud Time:” ”Out of the mud two strangers came / And caught me splitting wood in my yard / And one of them put me off my aim / By hailing cheerily ‘Hit them hard!'”
“This is a unique thing for a major poet, to decide to give out Christmas cards every year with a unique poem in it and to send it out to his closest friends,” said Jay Parini, a Middlebury College English professor and a Frost biographer.
Frost was also interested in the visual impact of the images, frequently woodcuts of New England scenes created by a series of artists over the years. The printing done by Blumenthal, known for turning print jobs into works of art in their own right.
“This meant a lot to Frost, that's why I love seeing it here,” Parini said of the display of the entire run of the Christmas cards now on public display at the college library through the holidays.
Frost had a decades-long affiliation with Middlebury, helping to found the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference, one of the most prestigious writers' conferences in the country. The chair Frost sat in while writing is also on display at the library, while a modern replica sits in the entrance where people can sit in it.
The cards were part of a cache of “Frostiana” donated to the college in 1961, two years before Frost's death, said Middlebury College Archivist Danielle Rougeau.
“This form, the combination of poem and form, with beautiful materials and craftsmanship and design, do something to a poem and Frost was aware of that and he thought it was important,” Rougeau said.
Dartmouth College, where Frost studied for a short time, also has a set of Frost's Christmas cards in its college library.
“Frost's cards offer an interesting insight into his personal and professional relations,” said Jay Satterfield, the Dartmouth special collections librarian. “This is the side of himself that he wished to share with a select group of people.”
The earliest of the cards were done in 1929 by Blumenthal, who was printing some of Frost's poems and decided they would work well in his Christmas cards.
Five years later, Blumenthal teamed up with Frost and afterward distributed Christmas booklets almost every year until 1962, shortly before Frost's death.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause
0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
Disabled taxi passengers across Scotland won't be able to take advantage of a new law because their councils haven't made the right preparations, according to disability activist research.
Just eight of 32 councils in Scotland are expecting to meet the government-recommended October deadline to ensure equal treatment for disabled taxi passengers.
A change in the Equality Act enacted in April this year means that taxi drivers face a fine of up to £1,000 if they refuse to transport wheelchair users or attempt to charge them extra.
However, the law only applies to drivers registered on council lists of wheelchair accessible taxis, known as Section 167 lists. Perth and Kinross Council is the only council in Scotland to have completed a list, with a further seven expecting to meet the deadline before October.
Eighteen councils have no plans to create a list or do not know if they will do so, leaving disabled passengers in areas including Aberdeen and Stirling facing overpriced rides and difficulty booking trips.
Disability activist Doug Paulley conducted Freedom of Information research with all councils in England, Scotland and Wales. Of them, only 11 per cent of councils has created a list, with a further 30 per cent intending to do so this year. That means 59 per cent have no firm plans to hit the deadline, including 26 per cent who have no plans to create a list at all.
Paulley and charity Muscular Dystrophy UK, which campaigns for disability rights, are calling on the government to make councils take their responsibilities seriously, and for all councils to set a deadline for creating a list.
Nic Bungay, Director of Campaigns, Care and Information at Muscular Dystrophy UK, which lobbied for years for the law change, said:
“Taxis are not a luxury for disabled people – they often represent the only way to get from A to B when public transport isn't accessible. Doug's research comprehensively demonstrates how many councils are failing to ensure that disabled passengers are not penalised. We need them all to implement lists now as per the government's recommendations, and for the Department for Transport to promote the lists as a matter of urgency.”
Doug Paulley carried out the research following a Select Committee report into the Equality Act 2010 on disability. He says:
“It is disappointing that the Government's intent in bringing in this legislation is being undermined by the failure of many councils to undertake the required office work, meaning that taxi drivers can continue to discriminate against wheelchair users with impunity. While conducting this research, it became clear that many councils simply didn't think to create them until prompted. I recommend disabled people and their allies raise the issue with their local council.”
Paulley's research also found that:-
· Two fifths of councils have under 10 per cent of their vehicles registered as wheelchair accessible, with 15 having no wheelchair-accessible taxis registered at all;
· Only 30 per cent of councils requires taxi drivers to take part in disability awareness training.
Research by Muscular Dystrophy UK in 2016 has indicated that a quarter of disabled people have been refused service by a taxi driver, purely because they are disabled.
The results of the 32 responding councils in Scotland:
· Councils that have already created a Section 167 list: Perth and Kinross (1);
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 lists this year, meeting government guidance: East Renfrewshire, Shetland Islands, South Ayrshire, City of Edinburgh, West Dunbartonshire, Dundee City, Glasgow City (7);
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 list but with no specified deadline: Dumfries and Galloway, East Ayrshire, Na h-Eileanan Siar, Inverclyde, West Lothian, North Lanarkshire (6);
· Councils that are undecided on whether to produce a list: Falkirk, Highland, Midlothian, Moray, North Ayrshire, Orkney Islands, South Lanarkshire, Aberdeen City, Renfrewshire, East Dunbartonshire (10);
· Councils that have no current plans to produce a list: Clackmannanshire, East Lothian, Fife, Scottish Borders, Stirling, Aberdeenshire, Argyll and Bute, Angus (8).
NAIROBI,Kenya (AP) — A Kenyan court has released seven doctors who are officials in the medics' union and who were jailed earlier this week for not calling off a strike by doctors working in public institutions.
The decision to free the seven was made Wednesday by three judges of the appellate court.
About 1,000 doctors outside the court celebrated the officials' release and held a peaceful march to Parliament and Nairobi's Freedom Park. More than 5,000 doctors from public hospitals are on strike over pay and to protest Kenya's dilapidated health care system.
Health minister Dr. Cleopa Mailu told the Senate committee for health that he had agreed to the release of the officials. The union had said that no negotiations would be held until the seven were freed.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all employees.
If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians in the region and Washington that workers here want the same protections and benefits as those in other areas. And, to leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages.
Advertisement
“It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on coming to the state. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.”
At least that part of the tactic has worked. Only about 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Another facet of union opposition in this heavily Republican state is political, given the longstanding relationship between organized labor and Democratic politics. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold here.
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater regional impact than Volkswagen workers' efforts to unionize in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Anti-union advocates cited VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said.
“Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.”
A “yes” vote could inspire others in the region to consider unions, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University.
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences if its workers unionize.
“The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.”
Boeing may have abstained from those threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts the company does not want to risk.
Cornfield said Trump's pressure on business to keep jobs in the U.S. could be “defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization … giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.”
The union vote also comes after Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of building a new Air Force One.
“Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!”
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later.
Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing.
“They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it,” Templeton said.
On Monday, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes.”
“Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers. “It's not going to be this way anymore.”
___
This story has been corrected to show that 52,000 South Carolina workers have union representation, rather than 1,900.
___
Dalesio reported from Raleigh, North Carolina.
___
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (AP) — The second day of minicamp was over for some Atlanta Falcons players.
For Wes Schweitzer and Ben Garland, it was time for Plan D.
Schweitzer and Garland, competing for the starting job at right guard, took turns holding a blocking pad while deflecting blocks from the other following Wednesday's practice. Back and forth they exchanged blows.
“We do it every day, pre- and post-practice,” Schweitzer said. “It really takes your level of play to the next level.”
Advertisement
The “D” stands for development in the program installed by coach Dan Quinn. Schweitzer said there is “no way” he'd be in position to compete for a starting job without the extra work.
Quinn is especially happy to see two players competing for one starting job still trying to help each other improve.
“They are two of the guys I most admire on the team for their work ethic and toughness, kind of the go-for-it mentality, always trying to find an edge to get better,” Quinn said.
“What makes it more meaningful to me is these guys play the same spot and are battling, but honestly are looking after one another and supporting and showing different examples to each other. That's the kind of team you'd like to be a part of.”
The right guard position was left open following 2016 starter Chris Chester's retirement.
The Falcons made a statement in the NFL draft about their confidence in Garland and Schweitzer to handle the position. The team waited until the third day of the draft to select an offensive lineman, Sean Harlow of Oregon State.
Harlow will have a chance to enter the competition. Quinn stressed Schweitzer and Garland are “the two front-runners.”
“You can't see two guys go for it any harder than they are,” he said.
Schweitzer, a sixth-round pick from San Jose State in 2016, was on the inactive list for every game last season. Garland, entering his fourth NFL season, played in all 16 games last year but has never started.
The two will be in the spotlight in July's training camp because right guard may be the only true starting battle on offense or defense following Atlanta's Super Bowl season.
There's much on the line for the two. That won't stand in the way of the two exchanging tips.
“It's a great competition,” Schweitzer said. “We really try to embrace being humble and working with each other. It has made us both better and it's going to make the team better in the fall.”
Garland said that relationship is part of what players call the Falcons' brotherhood.
“That's what we love about this whole culture we've developed here,” Garland said. “Every single guy is competing as hard as he can and at the same time helping everyone along. It's that brotherhood. Even though we're vying for that same spot, I'm pushing him to be the best he can be and he's pushing me to be the best I can be.”
NOTES: The minicamp ends on Thursday. … WR Andre Roberts was held out with a sore back. … DT Courtney Upshaw was excused due to a family matter. … OG Trevor Robinson also was excused for Wednesday and Thursday due to a family matter.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's ruling coalition pushed a contentious bill through parliament Thursday that makes it a crime to plan a crime.
The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the new law, which criminalizes the planning of 277 serious crimes, is needed to prevent terrorism, especially with the Olympics coming to Tokyo in 2020.
Opponents warned that authorities could use the legislation to limit free speech and public protests and expand surveillance of private citizens.
Abe told reporters after the vote that the government wants to use the law in a proper and effective way to protect lives and property.
The law applies to organized criminal groups of two or more people that have engaged in specific preparations for a crime, such as scouting a location, according to Japan's Kyodo News service.
About 5,000 people protested against the bill outside parliament Wednesday, Kyodo said, as upper house lawmakers hotly debated the bill. Opposition parties used delaying tactics, with the jockeying continuing into the early morning hours.
In the end, the upper house approved the bill after the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its coalition partner Komeito took the unusual step of bypassing committee approval, which normally precedes a vote by the full house.
The more powerful lower house passed the bill last month. At the time, opposition lawmakers in a lower house committee tried to rip documents from the hands of the chairman to prevent a committee vote.
The U.N. special rapporteur on the right to privacy, Joseph Cannataci, sent an open letter to Abe in May raising concerns over the bill. The letter expressed “serious concern” that the bill could affect the right to privacy and other freedoms if broadly applied.
Though the number of crimes covered has been reduced from more than 600 in earlier versions of the legislation, the letter noted that the bill includes crimes that have nothing to do with organized crime or terrorism, such as copyright violation and stealing lumber from forest reserves.
Yoshihide Suga, the chief cabinet secretary of Abe's government, called Cannataci's concerns “utterly incorrect.”
AMMAN — A Royal Decree was issued on Wednesday accepting the resignation three ministers as of June 14, 2017. The resigning ministers are social development minister, Wajih Azaizeh, energy and mineral resources minister Ibrahim Saif and transport minister Hussein Al Souob, according to a Royal Court statement.
His Majesty has recently held a series of meetings with concerned officials to follow up on the progress of government plans in the fields of renewable energy, transportation and human resources development, among others.
His Majesty has also paid an unannounced visit to a training centre for people with disabilities recently, where he issued directives to improve the quality of services offered to this segment of citizens.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet on Wednesday accepted the resignation of Thabet Al Wir, president of the Jordan Investment Commission, the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.
On January 15, Prime Minister Hani Mulki carried out a major reshuffle of his second government that saw five ministers joining the team, and seven out.
Mulki was first designated a prime minister in May 2016 and following the September election in September of the same year, he was asked to form a new government, which won the confidence of the newly elected House.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's live call-in show (all times local):
1:25 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has been secretive about his family life in the past, says he has two grandchildren whose privacy he wants to respect.
Putin, who in 2013 announced on state television that he was divorcing his wife, has two daughters in their early 30s who have not been seen in public for years and became a subject of rumors. One of Putin's daughters was reported to be in charge of a lucrative project to build a Silicon Valley-like community under the auspices of Moscow State University.
Advertisement
Speaking during a live call-in show on Thursday, Putin said both of his daughters live in Moscow and “work in science and education.” He said one of his grandchildren goes to pre-school and the other, a boy, has just been born. He said he would not want to give details about his family for fear of hurting their privacy.
___
12:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that the U.S. Senate move to tighten sanctions against Moscow is part of efforts to contain Russia.
The Republican-led Senate voted Wednesday to punish Moscow for interfering in the 2016 election by approving a wide-ranging sanctions package that targets key sectors of Russia's economy and individuals who carried out cyberattacks.
Putin, speaking Thursday during a live call-in show televised nationwide, deplored the Senate's move but added that the Western sanctions against Moscow also have hurt the West itself.
He said that the sanctions have given Russia an incentive to shed its dependence on oil and gas exports and “switch on our brains and talents” to develop other industries.
Putin noted that electronics, aerospace industries and agriculture have all received a boost.
___
12:25 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia's economy has overcome a recession.
Putin said during Thursday's live call-in show televised nationwide that the “crisis is over,” pointing at an economic growth over the past nine months. He also pointed at low inflation and rising hard currency reserves.
The Russian economy had plunged into recession under the impact of a drop in global oil prices and Western sanctions imposed on Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula and support for pro-Russia insurgents in eastern Ukraine.
Putin acknowledged that the Russian economy hasn't yet shed its dependence on exports of raw materials, but noted that non-energy exports have been growing.
Transport Ticketing Market, By Product (Ticket Machine, E-Ticket, E-Kiosk, E-Toll), By System (Smart Card, Smart Phone), By Application (Railways & Metros, Buses, Personal Vehicles) – Forecast 2023
Market Scenario:
Infineon technologies is one of the leading player in transport ticketing market and has designed 5 billion ICs that offers comprehensive portfolio of chip solutions based on open standards. Dedicated transport ticketing products such as low-end limited-use tickets (LUTs), security-certified multi-application ICs, dual-interface solutions providing upgradability to EMV contactless deployments and embedded secure elements for NFC-enabled mobile phones. Rambus Incorporated a prominent player in transport ticketing market has come up with a host card emulation transport ticketing solution that offers smart ticketing solution, HCE also allows passengers to top-up value, purchase and load tickets and view the contents of their HCE wallet, which can be accessed even if a smartphone is offline. Accenture Plc a key player in transport ticketing market offers tickets solutions that offer adaptable solution and pay per use model. It provides operators with the ability to quickly change fares, create new products, deploy new customer channels or enable new types of fare media without incurring significant costs. It can integrate with any fare device vendor and accept all forms of contactless media
North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The major growth in transport ticketing market in North America is attributed to the technical advancements and increasing use of mobiles devices in that region.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4198
Major factors driving the growth of transport ticketing market is the affordable access to smart transit systems. Rapid adoption of smart technologies and increasing implementations of smart ticketing are other factors driving the growth of transport ticketing market. The transport ticketing market has been segmented on the basis of product, system and application. The product segment is further bifurcated into e-toll, e-ticket, parking system, request tracker, e-kiosk and others. Out of these, the e-kiosk segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. It helps in reducing the manual operations and hence proves to be very efficient during peak hours. Ticket machine is the oldest form of smart ticketing and helps in maintaining and managing flow of passengers during peak hours. Hence it is expected to hold the largest market share in the product segment, during the forecast period.
The transport ticketing market is expected to grow at approximately USD 11 Billion by 2023, at 10% of CAGR between 2018 and 2023.
Key Players:
The prominent players in the Transport Ticketing Market are- HID (U.S.), Gemalto NV (Netherlands), NXP Semiconductors (U.S.), Accenture Plc (Ireland), CPI Card Group Inc. (U.S.), Cubic Corp. (U.S.), Xerox Corp. (U.S.), AEP Ticketing Solutions (Signa), Rambus Incorporated (U.S.), Infineon Technologies AG (Germany) among others.
Segments:
Transport ticketing market for segment on the basis of product, system, and application
Transport Ticketing Market by Product:
• Ticket Machine
• E-Ticket
• E-Kiosk
• E-Toll
Transport Ticketing Market by System:
• Smart Card
• Smart Phone
Transport Ticketing Market by Application:
• Railways & Metros
• Buses
• Personal Vehicles
• Airlines
• Ships
Get Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/transport-ticketing-market-4198
Intended Audience
• Investors and consultants
• System Integrators
• Government Organizations
• Research/Consultancy firms
• Technology solution providers
• Original Equipment Manufacturers
• Original Design Manufacturers
• Installers and Maintenance Service Providers
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
From a fire that claimed four lives last December emerges some hope that a similar tragedy won't be repeated in Port Colborne.
At Monday night's city council meeting, fire Chief Tom Cartwright accepted $1,700 in donations that will be applied toward a campaign to provide smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors to people who can't afford them.
Cartwright plans to bring a report outlining the plan to a future council meeting, but has said he anticipates that firefighters, both volunteer and career, will be out six days a week, day and night, spreading the message of the importance of these alarms.
“I'm hoping it will have a significant positive impact on the community,” he said.
The donations to Port Colborne Fire and Emergency Services all started with an idea from the president of the Friends Over 55 Recreation Centre.
Jack O'Neil said he wanted to do something in wake of the tragedy that claimed a mom and her two children and their grandmother, so he made a call to fire officials.
“I asked them if there was anything I could do to help,” he told city councillors. “We've got to save lives. Our seniors, any life, are valuable.”
A campaign ensued that included distributing informational posters across the city. O'Neil's plan was to raise money to purchase smoke alarms for residents who can't afford them. It generated $700.
Regional Chairman Alan Caslin was also brought into the effort.
Caslin, who spoke at Monday's council meeting, said he took some money raised by the Regional Chair's Charity Golf Tournament to assist. He said he was happy to do this for the residents of Port Colborne.
Caslin handed Cartwright an envelope with a $1,000 cheque in it, calling the cause “worthwhile.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
PHOENIX (AP) — Southern Baptists on Wednesday formally condemned the political movement known as the “alt-right,” in a national meeting that was thrown into turmoil after leaders initially refused to take up the issue.
The denomination's annual convention in Phoenix voted to “decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ” and “denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as a scheme of the devil.”
Tuesday night, Southern Baptist officials who oversaw the resolutions had refused to introduce a different repudiation of the “alt-right,” which emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.
Barrett Duke, who leads the resolutions committee, had said the original document contained inflammatory and broad language “potentially implicating” conservatives who do not support the “alt-right” movement.
Advertisement
Introducing the new statement Wednesday, Duke apologized “for the pain and confusion that we created,” but said the committee had been concerned about potentially giving the appearance of hating their enemies. Duke said the committee members “share your abhorrence of racism” and were grateful for the chance to “speak on ‘alt-right' racism in particular and all racism in general.”
The resolution was adopted after a short but emotional discussion.
“We are saying that white supremacy and racist ideologies are dangerous because they oppress our brothers and sisters in Christ,” said the Rev. Russell Moore, who leads the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, the Southern Baptist public policy arm. “If we're a Jesus people, let's stand where Jesus stands.”
Charles Hedman of Capitol Hill Baptist Church in Washington, said far-right groups had been distributing racist material outside the convention hall Tuesday night. He said some pastors had told him they would have to leave the denomination if the convention failed to denounce white supremacy Wednesday.
“We must stand strong,” Hedman said. “We must all issue an apology that we didn't act on this yesterday.”
The initial proposal that Southern Baptists had rejected came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. William McKissic of Arlington, Texas. His resolution repudiated “retrograde ideologies, xenophobic biases and racial bigotries of the ‘alt-right' that seek to subvert our government.”
After McKissic made an unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting late Tuesday, pressure began building online and at the convention for the Southern Baptists to say something.
Several Southern Baptists were panicked, contending that silence would be misinterpreted as support for white supremacy. The denomination was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders and has been trying to overcome its racist history.
A late-night call went out for convention participants to return to the assembly hall, where Steve Gaines, the president of the Southern Baptist Convention, won approval to consider a new resolution on the topic Wednesday.
“It shows we're willing to bring issues to the floor, real issues,” said Mark Croston, national director of black church partnerships for the Southern Baptist-affiliated Lifeway Christian Resources. “We're not intimidated or afraid to speak out, even though it brings up dirty laundry from the past.”
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, is the largest Protestant denomination in the country, although its membership has been shrinking, most recently dropping to 15.2 million members.
Leaders have been trying to diversify, repeatedly condemning racism in formal resolutions from past meetings, rejecting display of the Confederate flag and electing more black officers. As of 2014, the denomination was about 85 percent white, according to the Pew Research Center.
Duke later apologized personally to McKissic for how his original proposal was handled. McKissic was not consulted when leaders were drafting the new statement, but said he was encouraged by the outcry from white and black Christians that brought the issue to a vote. “We're turning the corner,” McKissic told reporters. “I see the heart of the majority.”
Debate also underscored ongoing tensions among Southern Baptists whether Donald Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit to be president.
Moore vehemently condemned candidate Trump. At the same time, several prominent Southern Baptists, including former presidents of the denomination, signed on as evangelical advisers to the Republican's campaign. They remain among the president's most steadfast supporters.
When Trump won with 80 percent of the white evangelical vote, Moore faced a backlash within the denomination. That landslide support for Trump left black evangelicals feeling alienated and disappointed given their concerns about Trump's past treatment of blacks, his rhetoric about Mexicans and his promised policies.
____
Zoll reported from New York.
Bob the Drag Queen takes the stage in ‘Angels in America'
Photo: PEG Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Bob the Drag Queen was told to audition by Tony Kushner. Bob the Drag Queen was told to audition by Tony Kushner. Photo: PEG Image 2 of 3 Caldwell Tidique aka Bob the Drag Queen who plays Belize in the Berkeley Rep revival of Angels in America in Berkeley, Calif., on Thursday, March 22, 2018. Caldwell Tidique aka Bob the Drag Queen who plays Belize in the Berkeley Rep revival of Angels in America in Berkeley, Calif., on Thursday, March 22, 2018. Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Image 3 of 3 Caldwell Tidique aka Bob the Drag Queen who plays Belize in the Berkeley Rep revival of Angels in America in Berkeley, Calif., on Thursday, March 22, 2018. Caldwell Tidique aka Bob the Drag Queen who plays Belize in the Berkeley Rep revival of Angels in America in Berkeley, Calif., on Thursday, March 22, 2018. Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Bob the Drag Queen takes the stage in ‘Angels in America' 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Caldwell Tidicue scratches his beard. It still felt, he says, a little “new” having one. For the past 10 years or so, he'd kept his face smooth. Makeup goes on easier that way, and Tidicue has to layer it on when he takes the stage as Bob the Drag Queen, best known as one of the winners (and fan favorites) from “RuPaul's Drag Race.”
But — and this was in late March — it had been three weeks since he'd done drag, the longest he'd been out of drag since he started, so there wasn't much of a reason to worry about shaving. Instead, he'd been focused on rehearsals for Berkeley Repertory Theatre's three-month run of Tony Kushner's Pulitzer Prize- and Tony Award-winning play “Angels in America.” Tidicue is playing the role of Belize, a straight-talking nurse and former drag queen.
The rehearsal schedule for the production, which includes both parts of the sprawling epic about AIDS, gay identity, politics and personal relationships, was intense. Eight hours a day, six days a week for two months.
“This is the longest rehearsal process I've ever done for anything,” Tidicue said before the play opened in previews last week. “It is a lot. It is a lot. I just want to get on the stage. I'm ready to get on the stage.” (The theater had promised to buy him lunch if he'd give up his hour-long break for a day to do an interview. So, he ordered Thai.)
Tidicue isn't new to acting. He studied it in college. And he's done some film and television projects recently. But it's been a decade since he's been in a production like this, with large, moving set pieces. And his drag, though performance, isn't really a put-on character. It's just Tidicue in, as he put it, a “fabulous outfit.”
But playwright Tony Kushner had seen his work as Bob, and thought he'd make a good Belize, so he recommended he audition. And when Tony Kushner recommends you audition, Tidicue says, you audition. Even if it means putting drag on hold. “I'm really grateful actually that he did see that in me,” Tidicue says.
“He's a great performer, but that doesn't tell you if somebody is going to be able to act in ‘Angels in America,'” says the play's director, Tony Taccone. “It obviously helped that Caldwell — he really, really wanted to do it. He wanted to prove he's legit, and this is going to do it.”
Part of his grasp of the character, Taccone and Caldwell agree, has to do with some of the biographical similarities. Both drag queens. Both black queer men. Both the sort of people who don't worry so much — in Tidicue's words — about being “nice” as they do about being “good.”
“He is a hard-ass, and he will not give you an inch, which I relate, to,” Tidicue says. “The stone face of Belize.”
“Everybody is cast in some ways that are pretty close to the bone,” Taccone says. “The places we're able to go, the nuances we're able to reveal … the way we're able to explore in an imaginative way the lives of the characters, it just feels natural.”
Tidicue gets one of the best runs of dialogue — if not the best — in the whole piece, something colloquially known as the “I Hate America” speech. “The thing is, it's not really ... everybody remembers it as, like, this showstopper, and he's talking for 10 minutes.” Tidicue says, before trailing off and suddenly reciting the lines from memory, getting faster as he goes.
“I hate America, Louis. I hate this country. It's just big ideas, and stories, and people dying, and people like you. The white cracker who wrote the national anthem knew what he was doing. He set the word 'free' to a note so high nobody can reach it. That was deliberate. Nothing on Earth sounds less like freedom to me.”
He takes a short breath. “That's the line. But everybody remembers it as (a long monologue) and that's because that little line is so well written.”
Given the decade away from this sort of production, Tidicue seems to have settled in without much trouble, aside from initial culture shock.
“I was really intimidated because these are all really good actors, talking about references I don't get,” he says. “They've been making jokes about ‘Waiting for Godot.' And I don't f—ing know what that show is about.” Now when the conversation turns to “Mean Girls” or “Mommie Dearest,” “then I can relate to that.”
It also helped that he had a standing date to watch the latest episode of “Drag Race” with two of his fellow cast members, Randy Harrison and Benjamin Ismail, at the Port Bar in Oakland.
“It's my favorite show,” he says, even still. “It's the most important show to queer culture ever.” Where else, he asks, is there so much representation of queer people of color, trans women and trans people of color?
He already has plans to bring back Bob the Drag Queen for a string of Monday-night cabaret-style shows starting May 7 at Oasis in San Francisco.
“I have always loved drag. I will always love drag,” he says. “And I'll probably always do it.”
This new role, this time on a more formal stage is not “me running from ‘Drag Race,'” Tidicue says. “It's just another lane I'm in now.”
Ryan Kost is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: rkost@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @RyanKost
Angels in America: Millennium Approaches and Perestroika: Two linked plays by Tony Kushner. Directed by Tony Taccone. Through July 22. Berkeley Repertory Theatre, 2015 Addison St., Berkeley. $40-$100. (510) 647-2949, www.berkeleyrep.org
A reclusive heir to the Winchester rifle fortune, who is haunted by the angry spirits of those killed by her family's famed firearms, is at the centre of the ghost story "Winchester."
Helen Mirren plays the widowed Sarah Winchester, thought to be insane as she orders constant expansion and renovation of her bizarre Victorian mansion.
"There are many things about the movie that are absolutely real," says Peter Spierig, who directed "Winchester" with his brother Michael Spierig. "But were ghosts haunting Sarah Winchester as people said at the time? There's nothing to confirm that — or deny it, either."
Here's what we know to be true:
There was a real Sarah Winchester. The socialite heiress made a splash when she moved to San Jose from Connecticut in 1884 following the death of her husband, William (and their baby 15 years prior).
Winchester was a highly discussed celebrity even before she began drastically overhauling the home that became known as the Winchester Mystery House.
"She was Bill Gates-rich from this famous family, so people watched her, talked about her, and speculated," says Janan Boehme, official historian at Winchester Mystery House, now a preserved tourist attraction.
Her Winchester House is a marvel in opulent oddness. The home started with eight rooms. By 1906, it was seven stories high with an estimated 90 rooms.
The movie riffs on the oft-repeated legend that Winchester had been instructed by a spiritual medium to keep building to ward off the spirits haunting the house. But there's no indication of that in Winchester's letters or those of her confidantes, Boehme says.
An alternative theory: Winchester was occupying her mind as a way of dealing with her personal grief.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCHUYLKILL HAVEN — A group of volunteers is putting together a plan to honor veterans with a new memorial on Parkway.
The goal is to plant a tree and surround it with bricks featuring the names of local veterans, Ellen Smith, one of the people spearheading the effort, said Tuesday.
“We have a community that is very involved with its veterans and honoring its veterans. We can get bricks engraved. People in the community will be able to purchase bricks that would go into a tree ring or a square around the tree. Or, if the borough wanted, we could go as far as creating a walkway,” Smith said.
Recently, Smith and Jerry D. Bowman, a member of the borough council, drove a wooden stake in the earth to mark its proposed location. It's in the middle of the section of the park between West Main Street and West Union Street.
It's near the stone monument “In Memory of Veterans of All Wars.”
“It's going to be approximately 12 feet behind the memorial, to the back of the memorial. And it is in line with the flag pole on one end and the tree on the other end, so it is symmetrical,” Bowman said Tuesday.
Tonight at 6:30 p.m., the borough council may approve the concept sketch that was drawn by Terry L. Bensinger II, the owner and president at TB Landscaping, Schuylkill Haven.
If the council gives it thumbs-up at its meeting at 250 Parkway, Smith said she'll start taking orders for bricks.
“I think it's a great idea. We always should honor veterans. And Parkway is one of our showcases in the borough,” Scott J. Graver, the borough manager, said Tuesday.
In January, a youth organization called Frontier Girls Troop & Quest Club 351 pitched the project to the borough council. It was formed two years ago. Smith is the troop's leader.
“We have 12 members, 10 girls and two boys. They range in age from 3 to 14,” Smith said.
The club meets the second and fourth Sundays of the month at 4 p.m. at First United Methodist Church, 420 Saylor St., Schuylkill Haven.
Bowman has taken an interest in the proposed memorial for Parkway. He and his wife, Fafar, are members of the Schuylkill Haven Shade Tree and Beautification Committee.
The borough owns the grass and tree-lined areas on Parkway. So, the council must approve the project, he said.
“On January 18, we approved the planting of a tree. We also donated $110 toward the project,” Graver said.
That donation will be used to clean up the proposed site, including the stone monument “In Memory of Veterans of All Wars,” Smith said.
Silver Maple Landscaping & Nursery, Orwigsburg, is donating a tree for the project, according to Smith.
“They're donating a stellar pink dogwood,” Smith said.
“It's not a large tree. It would get up to 10, 12 or 15 feet at the most,” Bowman said.
Bensinger will help to bring it into the borough.
“He is going to pick up the tree, dig the hole, plant the tree and mulch it at no charge. The tree tag is on order. We should have it in six weeks, to give the GPS ID and the QR code so that you can find it remotely on the internet,” Smith said at the council's meeting Feb. 1.
Bensinger also designed the proposed memorial.
Surrounding the tree will be a 9-foot-by-9-foot square made up of about 125 to 150 bricks.
“A square was recommended because it will be easier to cut around and maintain,” Smith said.
If enough bricks are sold, she said a walkway could extend from there.
“It would be a nice addition to what they're proposing. And if it's extended from a ring or a square to a walkway, you can keep on adding and it would really look nice,” Graver said at the Feb. 1 meeting.
People with questions about the project can contact Smith at 570-573-8920.
In the 19th Century, a Schuylkill Navigation System canal ran through Parkway. In the early 20th Century, it was known as Canal Street, and the canal bed was reclaimed and the grass-covered medians were put in place. There are six in all. They are located between West Main Street to West Liberty Street. They are all approximately 35 feet wide. The area is part of the Schuylkill Haven Historical Trail.
It's home to trees, park benches and monuments. Those monuments include:
• The Community Christmas Tree dedicated in honor of the Rev. Rose Hoffman.
• The stone monument “In Memory of Veterans of All Wars.”
• A memorial “In Honor of All Scouts of Schuylkill Haven Who Served God and Country.”
• A monument honoring law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice.
• A plaque recognizing the area as the site of Schuylkill Navigation Canal.
• A plaque “Dedicated to the memory of Martin B. Dreibelbis, founder of Schuylkill Haven, 1751-1799.”
• A “Monarch Waystation” registered with monarchwatch.org.
• A garden maintained by the South Schuylkill Garden Club.
Other local monuments to veterans include one at Bubeck Park, and the Schuylkill County Vietnam Veterans Memorial just off Route 61, according to Bowman.
Modern design shop Zinc Details is closing after 28 years
Photo: Basil Vargas Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 After 28 years and more than five Bay Area addresses, Vas Kiniris is closing his modernist design mecca Zinc Details on April 30. After 28 years and more than five Bay Area addresses, Vas Kiniris is closing his modernist design mecca Zinc Details on April 30. Photo: Basil Vargas Image 2 of 2 After 28 years and more than five Bay Area addresses, Vas Kiniris is closing his modernist design mecca Zinc Details on April 30. After 28 years and more than five Bay Area addresses, Vas Kiniris is closing his modernist design mecca Zinc Details on April 30. Photo: Basil Vargas Modern design shop Zinc Details is closing after 28 years 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
After 28 years and more than five Bay Area addresses, modernist design mecca Zinc Details is closing April 30.
The store has been a labor of love for UC Berkeley grad Vasilios “Vas” Kiniris and his wife (and fellow architect) Wendy Nishimura Kiniris. During its decades-long run, Zinc opened and closed several locations, including one on Fourth Street in Berkeley, dabbled in wholesale and hosted countless pop-ups, workshops and events. It called various spots on Fillmore Street home, and Pacific Heights is where the store truly flourished and fostered a tight-knit community.
The shuttering is sure to send shockwaves through the local design community and among customers who have purchased everything from starter furniture for tiny S.F. studios to treasured pieces for Marin houses. San Franciscans — and their homes — have grown up with Zinc Details. The first incarnation, in 1990, was a jewel-box space in the Tenderloin (906 Post St.).
“I'll miss my awesome customers and the design community of S.F.,” Kiniris says.
Why is Kiniris waving goodbye to the brick-and-mortar life now? “It's time,” he said. “Retail is morphing into a new reality, and I'm parlaying my knowledge of small business and what makes a vibrant street.”
To that end, Kiniris and his signature chapeau (and electric bike) will continue to frequent the neighborhood; he's staying on as executive director of the Fillmore Merchants Association. Along with working for a couple of other merchant organizations, design will remain part of his life.
“I'm a guest speaker in the industrial design department of the Academy of Art University, and I'm on the board of S.F. Design Week,” he says.
There is some solace for ZD fans — the website will live on, with more vintage and curated artisan items. But design hunters looking for a “monster blowout sale” on furniture, lighting and home accessories from the likes of Kartell, Knoll, Pablo Lighting, Gus Modern and Blu Dot should head over to the 4,000-square-foot San Francisco store. As they say, everything must go.
That's because, Kiniris hints: a cool new tenant, who can't yet be named, will be moving into the old digs.
Shop: 1633 Fillmore St., S.F., www.zincdetails.net.
A tourist jumps for a photo on the popular on Maya Bay on Phi Phi island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Sakchai Lalit AP Photo
DETROIT (AP) - Syracuse barely got into the NCAA Tournament, getting the 68th and final spot.
The Orange have earned the right to keep playing in college basketball's showcase. And, no one will be excited about facing that zone defense.
Tyus Battle had 17 points, Oshae Brissett scored 15, and 11th-seeded Syracuse zoned Michigan State out of the tournament, 55-53 on Sunday to advance to the Sweet 16.
"No one plays zone like we do," Brissett said. "We're always moving - and we challenge every shot - so teams never get easy looks against us. That's why nothing surprises me with our defense."
Syracuse (23-13) will face second-seeded Duke (28-7) on Friday in the Midwest Region semifinals.
Playing in his hometown with a chance to add another highlight-reel shot to this year's NCAA Tournament, Cassius Winston missed an opportunity to win the game for the third-seeded Spartans with a shot from about 45 feet just before the buzzer.
"It's one of those shots you shoot as a kid," he said softly. "I just came up short."
The Spartans came up short, long and wide all afternoon and didn't make a basket in the last 5:41.
The Orange forced the Spartans (30-5) to settle for 3-pointers all afternoon and it worked brilliantly in a duel between Hall of Fame coaches. Michigan State took a school record 37 shots beyond the arc, making just eight.
"The last couple of jump shots they threw up, they weren't in the ballpark," Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim.
Syracuse has won three straight since being sent to Dayton for the First Four as what the selection committee chairman acknowledged was the final team to receive an at-large bid. In low-scoring games, the Orange beat Arizona State in Dayton and TCU in the first round. They overcame playing three games in five days and essentially playing a road game, matching up with Michigan State about 75 miles from its campus with green-and-white clad fans packing the stands.
As poorly as Michigan State shot, it had chances to escape with a victory.
Miles Bridges missed a 3 with a chance to tie with 11 seconds left and teammate Joshua Langford missed a putback, but Syracuse turned the ball over with 7.9 seconds left.
The Orange fouled intentionally to avoid giving up a game-tying 3 twice in the closing seconds and the Spartans made two pairs of free throws to pull within a point both times.
"We're always going to foul in those situations and it's always worked for us," Boeheim said. "I've seen too many guys when the guy makes a 3 and it goes into overtime."
Paschal Chukwu connected on one free throw with 2.4 seconds left and the miss gave Michigan State a chance to win in dramatic fashion, but Winston couldn't pull it off.
Syracuse took the lead for the first time in the second half with 4:22 left. And then the Orange held on as the Spartans to miss their last 13 shots - plus Winston's heave, which wasn't recorded as a shot attempt .
Bridges' college career likely is ending with a performance he would like to forget.
"It's probably the saddest I've ever been in my life," Bridges said.
Michigan State coach Tom Izzo acknowledged he expects Bridges to go pro.
The sophomore star, who turned a chance to make millions in the NBA this season, was held scoreless for much of the first half and finished with 11 points on 4 of 18 shooting, making just 3 of 12 shots.
"Bridges is a great player, but we wanted to make him shoot from the outside," Boeheim said.
Winston scored 15 points and Nick Ward added 10 for the Spartans, who shot just 26 percent.
Frank Howard fouled out with 13 points for the Orange, who made 36 percent of their shots.
BIG PICTURE
Syracuse can be a problem for any team because that zone is often unfamiliar to opponents and the Orange suddenly have confidence, though still not much offense with just three scorers.
Michigan State may have a rough offseason because it will likely lose Bridges and freshman Jaren Jackson to the NBA draft and the school's crisis on campus isn't going away anytime soon.
Izzo insisted he will be back next season to help the school and his program bounce back from a scandal stemming from sexual assault allegations were handled against Larry Nassar , a former Michigan State doctor, who was sentenced to decades in jail.
"I didn't break this year and I'm not going to break," he said, surrounded by a slew of reporters after his news conference.
PIVOTAL POINTS
Syracuse attacked Michigan State's defense and it made 24 of 31 free throws. The Spartans were kept on the outside, unless they were trying to score off an offensive rebound. They were 11 of 16 at the line and missed the front end of one and ones to take even more potential points away.
"That's the difference in the game," Izzo said.
BANK IS OPEN
Michigan State led 25-22 at halftime after Matt McQuaid made a 3-pointer off the glass after having his shot blocked back to him, catching the ball and throwing it back up with his feet off the ground.
"The (shot) was the hardest and luckiest bank I've ever seen in my life," Boeheim said.
UP NEXT
In their 11th meeting, the Orange and Blue Devils will break a series tie and the winner will advance to the regional finals in in Omaha, Nebraska.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter at https://twitter.com/larrylage
The Fort Bend County Aggie Moms' Club, an organization of friendship, education, networking and support, recently announced the recipients of the 2018 scholarships and its graduating seniors.
The organization seeks to support students through scholarships and donations to campus organizations by participation in fundraising events throughout the year. The moms come together to learn the things their kids don't tell them, have fun and share the joys and tears of parenting through the college years.
The Federation of Texas A&M University Mothers' Clubs is a unique organization uniting students' mothers for the purpose of supporting their children and the university they attend. It is the members' goal to continue to support their students once they graduate high school and embark on their college careers.
The local club exists to give back to the community and its students. Monthly meetings and activities are held in order to raise money to provide scholarships for Texas A&M University students who apply and qualify. This year, during their May 14 meeting, the club awarded 19 scholarships totaling $25,000.
Scholarships were awarded to Brooke Michelle Aaron, Megan Bates, David Belleza, Aubrey Bilicek, Lauren Brown, Joseph Buckle, John Clayton, Dylan Crocker, Teresa Hresko, Robert Kellogg, Zachary Miller, Mary Frances Odukwe, Rebecca Parke, Charles Ransome, Madeline Rios, Jaclyn Rosenthal, Hunter Stewart, Michael Wang, and Margo Warncke.
The Fort Bend County Aggie Moms' Club also honored graduating seniors Jeremy Beaty, Ryan Brown, Brian Buckle, Katherine Cornell, Amy Dodson, Emma Gaas, Maisie Harries, Collin Haun, Jacqueline Hickl, Emily Hughes, Colin Kirchof, Grant Lincecum, Lauren Teresa Holladay, Macey Mulcahy, Zach Ransome, Michael Sallean, Joshua Samuel, Patrick Seiler, Mason Smith, Mallory Smith, Kaitlyn Trei, Allison Voehringer, Michael Wang, Megan Whitworth and Jennifer Wu.
Visit FortBendMoms.AggieNetwork.com for more information.
People walk past by the tower of French state-owned electricity company EDF is seen at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France on April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS, French business activity grew at the fastest pace in nearly six years in March, albeit not as fast as initially thought, as price cuts helped boost demand for services, a survey showed on Wednesday.
Data compiler IHS Markit said its composite purchasing managers index rose to 56.8 from 55.9 in February, lower than the 57.6 originally reported.
The improvement brought the index to its highest level since May 2011 and moved the indicator further above the 50-point threshold dividing expansion from contraction.
The result was weaker than initially reported because activity in services, one component, was not as strong as the
preliminary results indicated.
The index for services rose to 57.5 from 56.4 in February, but fell short of the 58.5 preliminary reading. IHS Markit economist Alex Gill said that despite the revision the service sector pointed to a strong first quarter, with companies stepping up hiring in March as the flow of new business also improved.
"The sector remains largely resilient to uncertainty generated by the upcoming presidential elections," he said.
"A punchy Q1 GDP figure therefore looks increasingly likely, while a further round of job creation signalled by March's survey data is likely to be reflected in official employment data," he said.
- Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from IHS Markit and customers need to apply to IHS Markit for a licence.
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas, editing by Larry King)
CALGARY — The Royal Canadian Mint is paying homage to Canada's fallen with a special toonie now in circulation for the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge.
The commemorative $2 coin, which depicts two soldiers standing on either side of an image of the Vimy memorial in France, was officially unveiled at the Military Museums in Calgary on Thursday.
Canadian troops secured a hard-fought victory at Vimy Ridge in April 1917.
Nearly 11,000 died in the battle.
However, it helped lead to Canada's recognition as an independent nation and helped create a newfound sense of pride and national unity.
Officials with the Royal Canadian Mint said they drew inspiration for the coin from the Vimy memorial.
“I was truly, genuinely moved by their beauty and the significance of the story they represent,” said Sandra Hanington with the Royal Canadian Mint. “We are deeply proud to use our state-of-the-art coins to share profound historic moments that have shaped our nation and compel us to reflect on what it means to be Canadian.”
Jeremy Diamond with the Vimy Foundation said the coin is a way for Canadians to carry a little piece of history.
“This is like having a little textbook in your pocket all the time or a little video clip in your pocket all the time. It's always an opportunity now to learn a little bit about our history,” said Diamond.
The coin is part of a continuing series over the next six years that will mark important events in both World Wars.
St. Mochta's have begun their search for Ciarán Marks' replacement as manager of the club's first team.
The club is said to be seeking a person to manage a squad "which contains a strong mix of senior and minor inter-county players."
Expressions of interest should be made to club chairman Eoin McDonnell, either by email - chairperson.stmochtas.louth@gaa.ie or by phone - 0863067151.
Potential applicants can also forward their interst to secretary Liam McGranaghan - secretary.stmochtas.louth@gaa.ie or on 0877179192.
The deadline for applications is Monday October 16th at 5pm.
St. Mochta's enjoyed a solid 2017 season, progressing to the quarter-finals of the Intermediate Championship and finishing mid-table in Division Two of the league.
By Kamrin Baker
ONLINE REPORTER
Towards the end of my freshman year of college, I applied to be a resident assistant on Scott Campus. I was simply thrilled. While my freshman year was full of remarkable milestones and friendships that changed me and gave me room to grow, I knew embarking on a new opportunity was exactly what I needed in year two of college. Plus, this job had it all: cute crafts and decorations, 38 friends and coworkers, the promise of creative events and programs, a growing sense of community, and the compensation of completely free room and board.
And those things weren't myths; this job had it all. What was not advertised to me, however, were the other things that the job had—the unspoken and unsatisfactory things. People who cat-call me, even when I'm wearing $3 baggy khakis purchased from Wal-Mart, residents who would follow me on campus at night, colleagues and superiors who lacked the awareness and underpinning knowledge to work with women effectively.
Just to be clear, I don't believe anyone in my RA vicinity—especially my colleagues—has ever had bad intentions or seeks out a way to treat people poorly. Perhaps even the opposite; they cared to advance us as employees, but didn't know the right words to say. That being said, I do still feel that my workplace on Scott Campus Housing was unfortunately tainted by the gender disparity and general workplace hostility discussed in part one of this series.
As an RA, one is subjected to many difficult situations, like diffusing roommate disagreements, confronting intoxicated and troublesome individuals, and being the first one on deck if something major goes awry. In these instances, as well as others (like car break-ins, physical assaults, etc.) that occur on and near the UNO campus make me and many other women more afraid of our surroundings.
While I personally never dealt with anything life-altering, I felt unsafe many times I was on duty for my job, especially when diffusing an alcohol-related incident with only female colleagues. I would feel more immediately comfortable calling a Public Safety officer or a male coworker, but it doesn't make me feel more comfortable in the long run to live in an environment where I would fear for my safety as an individual—just because I identify as a woman.
Another component of my RA job that made me feel belittled and diminished were comments that were made to me within our office setting. While some residents made my position feel more like a babysitting job from the mid-2000's, my colleagues and superiors occasionally made my position feel like a secretary job from the 1950's. Comments were made to me that were pointedly and needlessly gendered. And, I wasn't the only woman on staff who heard sentiments such as these:
“You're too much of a feminist. Other guys on staff feel like they're being lectured by you.”
“Kami, you aren't that strong of a leader. I've never seen you take charge of a room.”
“Sometimes your facial expressions make you seem upset and show that you are too obviously bothered by something.”
I didn't speak up for myself in those moments. Instead of knowing, deeply and personally, that being a feminist and leader and emotionally intelligent person all coexist in my identity, I fell for the idea that none of it was enough—or even, all of it was too much. I was in a position of power where I could lead, exist and grow as I pleased, yet in so many circumstances, I felt incapable of doing those things, afraid of repercussions. I felt powerless.
In addition, that powerlessness was often only reconciled by the community of women in my workplace. Not only were these bright people there for me in my time of need and discomfort, but I was there for them.
When a male in our office moved my friend's hair off of her neck and touched her at work, we talked about what we'd do the next time something like that happened. When residents found my friends on social media and messaged them in a coy and advancing way, we worked together to write the most effective response; firm, but still nice, because we were their RAs. We empowered each other to stand up for ourselves.
Of course, I will be forever grateful for the influence of these bold and intelligent women in my life, and I know full well that they are my biggest takeaway from my year as an RA. However, it was not in their job description to go to combat against things and circumstances that should have never been. While I was suffering from having my confidence slashed, I was also suffering seeing how other women were treated, too.
After enough time and pain had come and gone, I confronted many of these issues and comments, and so did a few other women on staff. We spoke our minds and relayed our experiences, hoping that we would not face retaliation. Our jobs were secure and our feedback relatively embraced, but what I remember most prominently was the men who made uncomfortable comments were surprised that I took them offensively.
I had to spell out what it looks like to have a conversation in the workplace that doesn't center around personal values and characteristics. I had to give suggestions of topics that allow for fun and friendship in the workplace— but aren't contaminated with innuendos or indecency.
“It would be a much better working environment if it wasn't up to an RA to explain how they need to be supported to a superior,” another RA said. “I don't want to teach people basic empathy.”
In those moments of bravery, I realized: it was not, and never will be, in our job description to teach men the things they never learned. Yet, just as it is not any oppressed party's responsibility to teach their oppressor how they deserve to be treated, how else will they change?
The Assistant Resident Manager on Scott Campus, Chad Richmond said: “Everyone—if physically able to—is taught to walk, but the sad truth is that not everyone is taught the same morals. What some people take as a joke might not be a joke to another person.”
I certainly won't get paid my fair share to break down societal norms and gender roles in the workplace. But in a setting where the actions of a superior or coworker become so normalized, allowing these issues to continue pervading our lives teaches men and boys that they can act without consequence, and it teaches women and girls that there is no use in speaking up.
I know I am in a crop of women who are privileged because of my middle class, heterosexual, white-skin background. However, I know I can use those advantages to evoke change, discussion and growth for others and myself. This experience has taught me the unfortunate lesson that this is only the beginning of fighting for my worth in my career; but on the plus side, I have also learned what a leader should be.
A leader should be empathetic, confident and bold. They should channel these strengths and skills—or at least work to improve them—every waking day. A leader should give to everyone equally, with the tenacity of the first female president and the individuality of the unique and sensitive versions of themselves.
But good leaders are also allowed to take. They should be inspired by their followers, humbled by their praise, grateful for their feedback, and made tireless by their collaboration. Good leaders create alongside their team and organize based on what makes everyone comfortable. They make sacrifices, but what they refuse to sacrifice is the dignity, mission and love of their organization. They offer light, wisdom and security without forcing anything upon their team, and their relationships are authentic, lasting and useful; not simply transactional.
This change will not come overnight, and in the next part of this series, I will look into the things that perpetrate these needlessly destructive social constructs to prepare for more rigorous discussion and advancement.
When asked about the improvement of the Scott Campus workplace, Richmond said, “I will always consider myself foundational in social justice issues because there is so much to learn. As long as we have these conversations, I'd say we're doing the best we can—but we need to get better at it.”
While we continue that open-door dialogue on this issue, for now, I want to leave you with a quote to affirm the leader in all the women who fear they are only facilitators, organizers or team players—because that was never done for me.
“When I dare to be powerful—to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important if I am afraid.” –Audre Lorde
And my vision is a tomorrow where I can be considered a leader without a second thought—and the men who are leaders above me can use their strength and power to amplify mine.
We'd love to hear your stories, too. Comment below or message the Gateway Facebook page to share your thoughts and experiences about workplace harassment.
Part three of this series will be published on May 1, 2018.
Comments
comments
DRAPER, Utah (AP) — The Latest on an anonymous tip to police about a Utah man who wanted to kill his ex-girlfriend and himself just before he killed her and her son (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
Police in Utah say an anonymous tip hours before a man fatally shot his ex-girlfriend and her son did not give them enough information to stop the slayings before they happened.
Draper Police Deputy Chief John Eining said Wednesday the officer properly checked out the tip that Jeremy Patterson said he wanted to kill himself and his ex-girlfriend. But the tipster did not answer the officer's calls and searches of police databases did not pinpoint the right man.
If Patterson had been found, Eining says the only possible violation police could have given him would have been a citation. Police in the Salt Lake City suburb did not know that victim Memorez Rackley reported to a different department days before that Patterson had been stalking her relentlessly.
The tip came to Draper police on June 6 about three hours before Patterson opened fire on Rackley and a car full of children.
Patterson killed himself. Two more children were wounded.
___
1:06 p.m.
A police report shows Utah police were investigating an anonymous tip about a man who wanted to kill his ex-girlfriend and himself just before he killed her and her son.
The report provided Wednesday by police in the Salt Lake City suburb of Draper was in response to a public records request from The Associated Press.
It says the tipster called police about 32-year-old Jeremy Patterson after getting a message from Patterson saying he wanted to kill his girlfriend and himself.
An officer was investigating the call June 6 in the hours before Patterson killed Memorez Rackley and her 6-year-old son. Patterson then killed himself.
The report says the officer tried calling the tipster and searched police databases for Patterson's name without success.
Draper police did not immediately comment.
In what has turned out to be a preparatory visit for her ambassador's arrival in Atlanta this week, Aisha Farooqui, Pakistan's consul general based in Houston, met with local officials and members of the Pakistani community here on Nov. 20.
During her visit she underscored her country's interest in developing closer ties with Georgia and said that she considers the local Pakistani community as a “bridge” for strengthening those ties.
As if to further highlight her government's interest in the state, Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry, Pakistan's ambassador to the U.S., is to lecture on the “Future of Pakistan-U.S. Cooperation: Regional Peace and Prosperity,” tomorrow, Friday, Dec. 1, from 4-5 p.m. at the Georgia Institute of Technology's Klaus Advanced Computing Building, room 1116 West.
The ambassador, she said, will be making a return, longer visit in February.
A diplomat with Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs since 1994, Ms. Farooqui has served in posts around the world including Ankara, Turkey; London; Cairo, Egypt and Paris.
While in London she initiated a program to implement the British Pakistan Foundation, Pakistan's largest diaspora organization, with the purpose of harnessing the influence of the Pakistan community.
Her message at the Georgia State Capitol was in the same vein where she spoke to two dozen members of the local Pakistani community, and was greeted by State Rep. Pedro Marin of Georgia Gwinnett District 96, who is the Georgia House minority leader, and other officials including Stuart Wilkinson from the Secretary of State‘s office and State Rep. Bob Trammell of Luthersville.
Mr. Marin provided a tour of the House chamber and estimated that 60,000 Pakistanis live in the metro Atlanta area with many in Gwinnett County. He said that because of the diverse communities in his district, he often is called upon to help host ethnic cultural events at the capitol and encouraged that the Pakistanis prepare one for the coming year as well.
During her formal comments, Ms. Farooqui called Atlanta “a very exciting place” featuring innovative companies, a commitment to trade, respected educational institutions, and a location at the center of a strong agricultural sector.
“Those are the areas I would like to see a lot of attention given to with delegations going from here to Pakistan where they would have ‘match and make' meetings that would be trade related.”
She referred to earlier meetings with Georgia Sen. Johnny Isakson and U.S. Rep. Sanford Bishop from the state's 2nd District, who, she said, agreed that the U.S. should maintain “an important relationship with Pakistan.”
“I was heartened by what they want to see happen,” she added. “Both are very keen to engage and I reiterated the position of the government of Pakistan that we want to see this relationship that has spanned 70 years strengthened. It is one of our very important bilateral relationships.”
Acknowledging that U.S.-Pakistan relations have had “ebbs and flows,” we must keep those doors of dialogue open. “We don't stop talking,” she said. “We must continue talking so we understand where the other is coming from and bridge those divergences.”
“Even when friends have disagreements they keep talking,” she added, citing high points in the 1970s when Pakistan facilitated introductions to China, during the period that Soviet forces invaded Afghanistan and following the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center towers in New York.
She also alluded to “a structured dialogue” taking place between her government and the Trump administration and cited the recent visit of Pakistan's foreign minister, Khawaja Muhammad Asif, to Washington where he met with senior officials.
“I think we have shared common objectives even if we have divergent views, and we have no difference in our goals,” she added without referring directly to the administration's criticisms of Pakistan for not containing terrorist groups more effectively.
She did say that Pakistan's geography “dictates certain parameters for us. We have also been faced with border problems including the most rugged mountains. It's a global challenge and only global collective action is going to solve the problem.”
As consul general based in Houston, she has a wide territory in her jurisdiction besides Texas and Georgia including Oklahoma, New Mexico, Louisiana, Arkansas, Colorado, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida.
Despite the extent of her responsibilities, she promised to remain in touch with the Pakistani community in Georgia. “In my message wherever I go I say that this country is your country of choice: achieve, be successful and join the mainstream and be a force for the contribution of service.”
Members of the community replied that a beneficial means of strengthening the Georgia-Pakistan relationship would be to open a Consulate General in Atlanta. She replied that such a move would have to be approved by both governments, and generally are only completed if there is a reciprocal agreement.
As an alternative, members of the community suggested that at the least an honorary consul be named.
The consul general's visit to the capitol was organized by members of the Pakistani American Community of Atlanta including Irfan Habib, Farooq Soomro, Sanam Azeem and Farooq Mughal.
GPHC service delivery boosted with ECG Machine
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 06, 2017
Health service delivery at the Accident and Emergency Unit of the Georgetown Public Hospital (GPHC) has been boosted with the new addition of an Electrocardiography (ECG) machine. This was today handed over by the Minister within the Ministry of Public Health, Karen Cummings to the Accident and Emergency Unit of the Georgetown Public Hospital, (GPHC).
Minister Cummings noted that Non-Communicable diseases are high on the list of major diseases that cause death, specifically cardiovascular disease such as heart attacks. She added that ECG machine will aid in the diagnosis of cardiovascular disease that will allow for timely lifesaving intervention.
She underscored that the GPHC is the country's national referral hospital and offers high facility health care services, not only to residents in the capital but also to persons in all ten administrative regions.
“I do expect that the machine will be properly cared for to provide service to the people for long period of time,” Minister Cummings said.
Receiving the machine was Medical Director of the Accident and Emergency Unit of the GPHC, Dr. Zulfkar Bux. He expressed gratitude to the Ministry for the timely donation, noting that the machine will aid in the improved delivery of health services of the hospital.
Also in attendance was former Chief of Staff of the Guyana Defence Force (GDF), Brigadier George Lewis and nurses of the Accident and Emergency Unit.
By: Gabreila Patram
Carbon capture and storage involves the separation of carbon dioxide from other gases, after which it's pumped underground for storage. It's likely to be needed to reach our climate goals without simply shutting down many existing fossil fuel plants, and it will be essential if we overshoot our emissions goals by mid-century. But it also adds significant costs to building and operating fossil fuel plants, which explains why the process has never gotten past the point of sporadic demonstration projects.
Further Reading Putting CO₂ to use: 10 finalists named for Carbon XPrize An alternative to storage involves turning the carbon that's captured into a useful product—something the XPrize has made one of its challenges. Doing so requires two things: overcoming the chemical stability of CO 2 and making a product that sells at a profit. We recently stumbled across a bit of creative chemistry that turns carbon dioxide from the air into a product that should be profitable: high-quality carbon nanotubes.
Something in the air
Our current methods for making carbon nanotubes typically rely on hydrocarbons. The chemistry of this source helps drive the tube-forming reactions, since it can be energetically favorable to remove the hydrogens from these molecules. Unfortunately, this doesn't get rid of CO 2 , and it's only good for emissions in the sense that some of the carbon ends up in nanotubes instead of the air.
But the new paper relies on some dramatically different chemistry to supply the carbon. It uses an electrochemical process to deposit carbon at one electrode and liberate oxygen at a second. And it relies on a molten salt that decomposes during the process and regenerates itself by sucking CO 2 out of the air.
The salt in question is lithium carbonate, or Li 2 CO 3 , which is molten at a reaction temperature of 723°C. Decomposition produces dilithium oxide (Li 2 O, but not as dilithium crystals), and liberates both carbon and oxygen. The oxygen gets released in molecular form (O 2 ) at the anode thanks to an aluminum oxide catalyst. And the carbon gets deposited on an iron catalyst on the cathode—under these conditions, it forms carbon nanotubes. The Li 2 O, meanwhile, reacts with carbon dioxide in the air and re-forms the lithium carbonate salt.
The research largely focused on controlling the growth of the nanotubes. All nanotubes are variations on a theme, with a hexagonal mesh of carbon atoms rolled into a cylinder. But the spacing between atoms allows nanotubes with different diameters. It's also possible to have a series of concentric tubes, with each wrapped around a smaller one—these are called "multiwalled." Smaller diameters and single-walled tubes are generally worth more, so the researchers focused on adopting the molten salt synthesis to produce the most valuable nanotubes.
Not in control
The gist of the research is that it's a challenge. Although the iron-based catalyst was initially layered evenly on top of the cathode, the high temperatures allowed it to move around. As a result, it formed little bubbles on the surface of the electrode, with the size of the bubbles being dependent upon the thickness of the layer that formed them. The size of those bubbles, in turn, helped determine the size of the nanotubes that formed on them. So, the best way to get a small-diameter nanotube is to use a very thin layer of catalyst to start with.
The problem was that this relationship didn't hold for long. If the reaction was stopped quickly—after three minutes—more of the nanotubes were narrow in diameter. But if the reaction was continued for a half-hour, the diameters gradually crept up. An examination of the electrode showed that, over time, diffusion of the catalyst drew it into larger and larger bubbles, and the diameter of the nanotubes grew accordingly. So, there's still some work to do with structuring the catalyst.
But the authors did some calculations that suggest doing so could be worth the effort. If you figure out the cost of the electricity needed to heat the salt up and drive the reactions, it costs half of what you can sell the nanotubes for.
That's not to suggest that this means we've figured out how to sequester carbon. The market for nanotubes is pretty small, so even making all of our carbon nanotubes this way wouldn't put a dent in our massive emissions. But it's a nice demonstration that some interesting things are possible when we step beyond the typical chemistry, and it hints that it might be possible to do similar things on much larger scales.
Applied Materials and Interfaces, 2017. DOI: 10.1021/acsami.8b02834 (About DOIs).
Press release from KU Athletics
LAWRENCE, Kan. – A 12-4 Jayhawk run in the final three minutes wasn't enough as the Oklahoma State Cowboys stopped the KU comeback short and claimed an 84-79 win over No. 7/7 Kansas, 84-79, Saturday afternoon inside Allen Fieldhouse. Sophomore center Udoka Azuibuke led KU with 20 points, but the Jayhawks could not silence the Oklahoma State shooters, who converted on 12 3-pointers in the game as well as 64 percent of their shots in the second half.
The loss dropped Kansas to 18-5 on the year and 7-3 in league play. It also marked the first time in 19 seasons the Jayhawks have lost three games in Allen Fieldhouse in a season.
On a day that the Jayhawks were celebrating 120 Years of Kansas Basketball hosting more than 200 former coaches, players and staffs watching from the stands, it was Oklahoma State that found itself celebrating by day's end. Kansas didn't have an answer for the Cowboys in the first 20 minutes of action.
Despite hitting just six of its first 18 tries from the field, OSU found itself with a five-point lead less than eight minutes into the game, 17-12. Four-straight 3-pointers from the Cowboys helped that lead grow to 12 points over the next four minutes, as Kansas didn't have an answer for the Oklahoma State rebounders. The visitors pulled down 13 offensive rebounds in the opening half and converted those into 22 of their 46 points.
Azubuike helped KU trim the deficit back to single-digits when he scored eight-straight points to get the score to 31-24 in favor of the Cowboys with just under seven minutes to play in the opening stanza.
But the Cowboys responded, exploding on a 15-4 run to hand Kansas its largest deficit of the season at 18 points. Lindy Waters connected on OSU's eighth 3-pointer of the half to put his team up 46-28 with 3:43 to go before the break.
KU ended the half strong though, and pulled within 13 points with five-straight points in the final 2:25 to head to the locker room down 46-33.
While OSU scorched the nets in first half with eight treys, KU was on the other end of the spectrum. The Jayhawks were 1-of-8 in the opening 20 minutes from long range, marking just the seventh time this season Kansas has converted on fewer than three treys in a half.
Not long after the restart, it appeared as though the Jayhawks had found their stride. An Azubuike dunk was sandwiched by a pair of Malik Newman threes and got KU back within seven points, 52-45, less than four minutes in to the half. But the OSU shots continued to fall.
Cameron McGriff's put-back dunk kicked off a stretch that saw OSU score on six of its next seven possessions to halt any momentum KU had grabbed early in the half. McGriff capped the Cowboy run five minutes later with a jumper and OSU found itself up 13 once again, 68-55, midway through the second frame.
Devonte' Graham made sure his team wouldn't go down without a fight. The senior guard scored six points in a 10-4 KU run that brought the Jayhawks back within seven points at 70-63. But the home team couldn't find stops when it mattered most. Two minutes later, McGriff netted back-to-back buckets and the OSU lead was once again at double digits as KU's time was quickly running out.
KU responded with a sprint to the finish but couldn't get over the hump. A trio of 3-pointers from Newman, Sviatoslav Mykhailiuk and Graham got the Jayhawks to within five points, 82-77, with 42 seconds left in regulation. OSU's Kendall Smith missed the front end of a 1-and-1 opportunity to leave the door open for the Jayhawks. Graham was fouled on the other end and hit both of his charities and KU had cut the 18-point second-half deficit to three points with 14 seconds remaining.
But that is as close as the Jayhawks would get. Given another chance at the line, Smith hit both free throws with 10 seconds on the clock and sealed Oklahoma State's 84-79 win, just its second inside Allen Fieldhouse in the Big 12 era.
Azubuike was the top Jayhawk scorer, hitting 8-of-11 from the field and pulling down five rebounds. Graham and Mykhailiuk followed closely with 17 points apiece, with Mykhailiuk becoming the 60th Jayhawk to surpass the 1,000-point milestone. Newman rounded out the Jayhawks to score in double-figures, logging 16 points, which included a team-high three 3-pointers.
UP NEXT
Kansas concludes its two-game homestand when it plays host to TCU on Tuesday, Feb. 6, at 8 p.m. The game will be televised on ESPN2. Kansas holds a 15-2 all-time series advantage against TCU, including an 88-84 win in Fort Worth on Jan. 6. KU is 6-0 versus TCU in games played in Lawrence, all of which have been played in Allen Fieldhouse.
Listen here to hear from Bill Self, the Jayhawks and OSU coach Mike Boynton after the game:
Devonte' Graham, Malik Newman & Udoka Azubuike
Bill Self
Mike Boynton
Axiom Market Research & Consulting™ added an Anti-Aging Products and Services Market Report by Product Type, Application and Geography-Global Market Share, Trend Analysis & Forecast Up To 2024
The past decade has witnessed the incredible progression of the field of cosmetics. The impact of advanced technologies, as well as pharmaceutical methods and drug delivery systems, has resulted in the field of cosmetic dermatology. The objective of anti-aging is to give people the possibility of enjoying an optimal quality of life in old age through technology and increasing further life expectancy. It is not the concept of normal aging that is the focus of anti-aging medicine, but rather the idea of aging successfully while maximizing performance. Anti-aging refers to the treatment, prevention, and reversal of age-related conditions such as scars, spots, and wrinkles. Numerous anti-aging products available in the market in different forms such as serums, cleansers, creams, gels, moisturizers and facial oils, which are used to treat aging-related problems such as acne, scars, wrinkles, stretch marks etc.
The global anti-aging products and services market has gained significant growth owing to surging aging population, increasing anti-aging awareness campaigns and technological advancements. Growing number of individuals yearning for greater appearance is also expected to drive the market size further. Botulinum toxin injection therapies, plastic surgeries, and breast implants have gained a substantial amount of popularity over the past years, as more number of customers are opting for such anti-aging solutions.
Download a Free Sample PDF of the report at Click Here
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
The global market is studied for key regions such as, North America which includes U.S., Canada and Mexico, Europe which includes Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Rest of Europe, Asia Pacific which includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia Pacific and Rest of the world which includes Latin America and Middle East and Africa.
Global Anti-Aging Products and Services Market Is Led By Key Companies:
The key companies that lead the Anti-Aging Products and Services market are included,
Allergan plc, Alma Laser, Avon Products Inc, Beiersdorf AG, Coty Inc., Cynosure Inc, Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Kao Corporation, L'Oréal S.A., Lumenis, Lumenis Ltd, PhotoMedex, Inc., Procter & Gamble Co, Shiseido Company and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. among others. Strategies such as expansions, as well as partnerships were also implemented by numerous market players to expand their R&D competencies and geographic presence in the global market.
For instance, in January 2017, L'Oréal S.A partnered with Valeant Pharmaceuticals to acquire its skin care brands CeraVe, AcneFree and Ambi. The acquisition was aimed at expanding L'Oréal's active cosmetics division. Also, in December 2016, Allergan Plc. acquired LifeCell, an
Acelity L.P. Inc. company. This acquisition was aimed at combining LifeCell's regenerative medicines business with Allergan's medical aesthetics, breast implants, and tissue expanders business.
Have Any Query? About Anti-Aging Products and Services Market Report at speak-to-analyst?
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Anti-Aging Products and Services market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Anti-Aging Products and Services market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global Anti-Aging Products and Services market?
• What are the key Companies in the global Anti-Aging Products and Services market?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Anti-Aging Products and Services market?
Bust by IMPD yanks $750,000 in illegal drugs off Indy streets An evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, and four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000. 01 / 08 An evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, and four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000. 01 / 08
Lt. Scott Hessong talks with media at an evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, in which four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000.
Robert Scheer/IndyStar
INDIANAPOLIS –The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department announced Tuesday night that a months-long investigation has led to the seizure of nearly 50 pounds of drugs.
As the result of search warrants served at two locations Tuesday, officers confiscated $44,000 in cash, eight guns and 45 pounds of suspected heroin, methamphetamine and black tar heroin with an estimated street value of $750,000.
"These are once-in-a-career-type cases," said Deputy Chief Chad Knecht of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
Southwest District Lt. Scott Hessong said officers with the southwest and southeast districts began their investigation in early March. That investigation led to two search warrants — one on each of the districts — served Tuesday.
Officers arrested four in connection with the investigation, believed to be involved in trafficking on the southwest and southeast districts, Hessong said. The department has not yet identified those people.
Jan. 8: $22M of cocaine hidden in furniture seized by customs officers
Dec. 22: Drug bust seizes $1 billion in meth in Australia
Surveying a table where officers displayed 11 bags of suspected drugs, guns and stacks of $20 bills, Knecht reflected on the items' significance.
"On that table you see exactly what drives the crime," Knecht said. "The profit from the money, the firearms to protect it and the drugs that are tearing our communities apart and causing addiction. That table exemplifies what's going on in our society."
A substance believed to be crystal meth, on an evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, in which four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000.
Robert Scheer/IndyStar
Hessong said it's rare for a district-level bust to be this extensive. Knecht credited the uniformed beat officers who used their knowledge of the community to investigate tips and get results.
A return to beat policing has been one of the focuses for police Chief Bryan Roach. In April, he and Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett announced the creation of 78 beats across the city which would replace 33 zones, saying the beats would allow officers to be active in more focused areas rather than covering a zone.
"This is what beat policing does," Knecht said. "It makes a difference in the neighborhoods and the communities, and the officers actually care about their beats and work it and find these things."
August 2017: Deputy treated for accidental overdose after drug bust
May 2017: Drug-laced 'SweeTARTs' seized, parents warned
Hessong said Tuesday's bust will hopefully reduce overdoses in the weeks to come, potentially saving lives.
"There's absolutely no way to tell what we did to prevent drug overdoses," Hessong said. "To give you an idea, each use of heroin is like a few grains of sand, and we have 45 pounds that's packed solid. So, there's no way to tell how many individual drug uses you have just with this product here."
Follow Holly Hays on Twitter: @hollyvhays
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The Star-Telegram continues its “Spring Forward” series with a look at the top teams in Dallas-Fort Worth that will benefit from realignment.
FW Dunbar
The Wildcats have gone 12-20 the past three seasons and have won just one playoff game in the past 15 seasons. This coming from a program that has been a playoff regular for many years; the Wildcats made the postseason every year but one from 2007-16.
Now they are in District 4-6A. Yes, state power Kennedale resides in the same district but Dunbar will also compete with Benbrook, FW Western Hills, FW Diamond Hill-Jarvis, Lake Worth and Castleberry. We like the Wildcats' odds of playoff contention and winning at least five district games next season.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK Last year the Birdville versus Dunbar game decided the fourth and final playoff spot in 8-5A, and it will likely do the same in 2017. Darren Lauberdlauber@star-telegram.com
Red Oak
The past season seasons have seen the Hawks compete in the "District of Doom" with Mansfield ISD, Waxahachie and Lancaster. They started off hot going 9-4 overall and 6-1 in that district in 2012. But the past five seasons saw Red Oak go 9-41 overall and 3-32 in district play.
Enter Chris Ross, Red Oak's new head coach who had plenty of success at Prosper and Cedar Park. He'll be tasked with leading the Hawks through District 6-5A, which features seven Dallas ISD schools. Red Oak will be in contention for a district title this season.
FW South Hills and FW Arlington Heights
Yes, the Scorpions and Yellow Jackets are no longer in a Fort Worth School district, but the big picture still looks clear. If both schools can find a way to make the playoffs, the level of competition throughout the regular season will help them much more than in years past.
In District 3-5A Division I, South Hills and Heights are joined by Azle, Crowley, Boswell, Saginaw, Chisholm Trail, Brewer and Granbury. However, we're not sure how much help it'll become playoff time when you're looking at Colleyville Heritage, Denton Ryan and Grapevine in bi-district.
SHARE COPY LINK About $53 million would pay for improvements at Arlington Heights High School for programs like jewelry making classes and the agricultural program. Max Faulknermfaulkner@star-telegram.com
OTHERS: Duncanville, Justin Northwest, Wylie
April 2- Top 4A teams
April 3- Top 5A teams
April 4- Top 6A teams
April 5- Top QBs
April 6 - Top RBs
April 9- Top WRs
April 10- Top OLs
April 11- Top DLs
April 12- Top LBs
April 13- Top DBs
April 16- Top Hires
April 17- Top 4A games
Wednesday- Top 5A games
Thursday- Top 6A games
Monday- Top private schools
Check back on Wednesday for the top teams that will benefit from realignment the least!
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's president has issued a direct threat, claiming his country is capable of restarting its nuclear program within hours.
Hassan Rouhani says it could be done “in an hour and a day” if Washington continues with “threats and sanctions” against Iran.
He says that once restarted, the program could quickly be brought to a much more advanced level than it was back in 2015, when Iran signed the nuclear deal with world powers. That agreement capped Iran's uranium enrichment levels in return for the lifting of international sanctions.
Rouhani's remarks to lawmakers on Tuesday offered no evidence of Iran's capabilities but are likely to ratchet up pressure further with the Trump administration.
Rouhani also tempered his threat, adding that Iran seeks to remain loyal to its commitments under the deal.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
An injury accident was reported in Marshall County late Friday night, shortly before 11 p.m. northeast of Marysville.
Eric J. Cook, age 28, of Oketo, lost control on 16th Road, north of Jayhawk Road. His pickup went into the ditch and overturned. Cook was transported to Community Memorial Healthcare in Marysville with injuries. He was the lone occupant in the vehicle.
Clashes continued at the station after the detonation, Al Arabiya reported, but Iraqi state media now says the city is under government control. Attack helicopters were used to end the attack, local media report, and the three attackers have been killed.
A curfew has been imposed across the city in the wake of the attack.
Early reports suggested Daesh was making an effort to capture the city and had taken over one district.
Samarra is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
What Will Muschamp said about Gamecocks offense, gambling ruling
South Carolina Gamecocks football coach Will Muschamp talks South Carolina's offense, the expectations for the 2018 class' enrollment and the Supreme Court gambling ruling.
Will Patterson
A&E EDITOR
University of Nebraska at Omaha art students studying ceramics put on a public gallery show as part of Benson First Friday. The show, “Private Idaho,” was hosted in the Pet Shop Gallery.
For those who don't know, Benson First Friday is a monthly event in the Benson area. On the first Friday of each month the Benson area puts on a variety event celebrating local arts and culture. UNO students were able to take part in this celebration due to the collaboration and planning between the Pet Shop Gallery opera-tors and the ceramics instructor, Luke Severson.
Severson is a full-time instructor teaching ceramics at UNO. The university does not currently have a ceramics major, but the art department is trying to bring it back. As a result, many students in Severson's courses aren't working towards their major by participating.
The students who contributed to “Private Idaho” were Ian Bless, Jackson Cunningham, Lauren Doeschot, Cat Grange, Kayleigh Hegarty, Jess Latch, Justin Neal, Cierra Ostentowski and Laura Simpson.
“They're taking ceramics as an elective. So, they're putting in a lot time for something that doesn't necessarily go into their major,” Severson said. “A lot of this is a labor of love for them.”
The main project that produced most of the gallery's art pieces was highly collaborative.“We made molds from a bunch of different things, and then collectively used the molds as a library,” Severson said. “Everyone was casting clay into those molds and cutting up those castings to produce individualized work.”
Viewers may notice seemingly recognizable shapes—and they would be right. Many of the molds created for the “mold library” were made from everyday items and random objects.
One bright orange art piece features a repeating bottle-like shape. The mold used to produce the piece was from a Listerine bottle, said Justin Neal.
Neal's contribution to the gallery was a series of bright orange ceramic objects and a single blue one.
“As an artist, I more or less play with my material,” Neal said. “The orange is just horrendous. I was drawn to it. So I had to do my favorite piece in dark blue to be the show piece.”
The lower section of the gallery featured work by Ian Bless, who is just about to graduate. His art focused primarily on tile work.
“I'm usually mostly focused on the process of art,” Bless said. “For these the glaze I used was able to break well over the textures.”
Bless is graduating and currently also has work on display in the UNO Art Gallery in the Weber Fine Arts Building.
“This is my last show as a student. It's pretty exciting,” Bless said.
Another art piece that instantly grabbed viewers attention was a tall, ceramic pole in the gallery. Painted yellow and black, the crooked shape stood alongside gallery attendees. The artist was Cat Grange.
“I was looking for a kind of mystical quality in my work, and this free standing [pole], this tall and that thin, does that,” Grange said.
She believes that her experiences in Severson's ceramics class have been valuable to her career as an artist.
“I'm a sculptor, and I think it's important for me to explore every single medium that I can,” Grange said.
Comments
comments
(UPDATED) Gesmundo replaces retired Justice Jose Mendoza
Published 1:03 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – President Rodrigo Duterte has appointed to the Supreme Court (SC) Associate Justice Alexander Gesmundo formerly of the Sandiganbayan, Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea confirmed to Rappler on Monday, August 14.
Gesmundo is Duterte's 4th appointee to the High Court. He replaces Retired Justice Jose Mendoza, who is reportedly being considered for a spot at the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC).
The SC received Gesmundo's appointment letter from Malacañang also on Monday.
Gesmundo was the chairperson of the anti-graft court's 7th Division. Gesmundo will retire on November 6, 2026 which means he gets to serve at the SC for 9 years.
He was part of the special committee that worked on amendments on the rules of court to expedite processes, one of which is the prohibition of the filing of a motion for determination of probable cause.
Justice Gesmundo previously aspired to be elevated to the SC following the successive retirements of Justice Leonardo Quisumbing and Minita Chico-Nazario in 2009. Along with former justice secretary Agnes Devanadera, Gesmundo actually topped the informal survey conducted among SC justices. He was however bypassed by former president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo for SC posts.
He was the author of the ruling that cleared former military comptroller and retired major general Carlos Garcia of perjury in connection with his 1997 SALN where he supposedly failed to declare ownership of 3 vehicles.
“Any false declaration in the SALN is not in itself unlawful…the prosecution must also prove that the accused did not believe his statement to be true,” Gesmundo wrote back then.
He also wrote the ponencia convicting two retired and 7 active police officials for graft in connection with the P38-million worth of ghost purchases in 1992.
Gesmundo obtained his law degree from the Ateneo de Manila School of Law in 1984 and passed the bar the same year. Before his stint at the Sandiganbayan, he took on a few odd jobs: as research analyst for Business Day and as marketing officer at the Australian embassy.
Before being appointed to the anti-graft court, Gesmundo served as Assistant Solicitor General and Commissioner of the Presidential Commission on Good Government.
Gesmundo is listed on the Ateneo Law School website as member of its faculty, teaching remedial law. –Rappler.com
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A Tennessee woman's video of her tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday she had just picked up her son, Keaton, from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call him ugly, make fun of his nose and tell him he has no friends. He said milk was poured on him and ham was put down his clothes.
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in her post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said he and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time she comes home to her native Knoxville, she wants to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter he wants Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians passed on through generations, says that “When you discover that you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.”
Ministers are under pressure to spell out the type of relationship we should have with the European Union. The crunch summit at Chequers is for the Tories to settle their differences although they are strong views on both sides, this Tory summit is supposed to provide an agreed way forward. Michael Gove has alleged ripped up a document that explained the customs partnership proposed by Number 10. The Defence Secretary has told his department that if he doesn't get the £20 billion he is asking for he will remove the Prime Minister (PM) as he made her, he can break her. The MoD budget for 2016/17 was £35.3bn, and because of the weak position of the PM we now have the US Defence Secretary, James Mattis, warning us that France would replace the UK as America's closest ally in Europe if we don't increase our defence spending. Moreover, then there is Boris with his bog roll comment and even worse his inflammatory private and a rather coarse dismissal of business concerns about Brexit.
The PM is getting bullied. How can we have a deal when groups within Cabinet are pulling in a different direction and believe they will achieve their objectives without any fear of consequence. Power is perceived and not something that's tangible, a loss of that perception leaves the PM in a very vulnerable position and makes it very difficult for her to pursue an agenda and therefore lead. Talk about being pushed from pillar to post.
Take for example the border and trade situations. Number 10 produced two proposals the maximum facilitation option (relies on complex and uncertain technological solution that is very expensive to implement and provides limited benefit) and the customs partnership (where UK would collect EU import tariffs. This has been dismissed as unworkable by Brussels). Now a third model is being proposed that retain key features of maximum facilitation, that will be introduced further down the line. Ministers in the cabinet have dismissed these alternatives.
News filtering out suggests that ministers are being asked to choose between a Norway–style partnership (which many don't want) or much loser Canada-style deal. David Davies and Boris don't want Norway style deal as it leaves UK subject to EU rules (and that is why at the moment Labour are also against it as it will hinder their nationalisation ambitions). Even backbench's like Jacob Rees-Mogg are pushing the PM around and warning her not to choose a softer option.
Will we get a Whitepaper that everyone will agree to, will the ministers who disagree with the proposals in the White paper follow the government's line? We don't have a united government; we don't have a strong leader, we don't have a plan; this is a recipe for disaster, and this is why we need a people's vote on the slapdash deal this government is putting together.
In deference to the wisdom of the Dakota Indians, in the case of the current PM, it's the rider who is dead rather than the horse.
* Tahir Maher is a member of the LDV editorial team
By
Panco Community Church has already begun their efforts to take back the kids by adding a new play ground. They will hold their First Annual Ride for Kids will take place August 19 beginning at Rawlings and Stinson Park with registration from 10 AM and the ride leaving at 11 AM. This will be a Free guided ride across different parts of Clay County and then returning to the park where the riders will be served a free lunch provided by Panco Riders, M.C. The theme of the ride is “United we ride countywide, taking the kids back.”
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won his first two Cup Series races this year, but isn't ready for his breakout season to end just yet. John Raoux AP
THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON -- CannabisNB will be the name of the New Brunswick government's cannabis retail stores when they open next year.
The government announced earlier this fall that a subsidiary of NB Liquor will operate 20 stores in 15 locations across the province when recreational cannabis is legalized in July 2018.
The products will be displayed under glass and will only be sold to people 19 years of age and older.
Finance Minister Cathy Rogers says the provincial government has introduced legislation focused on ensuring public health and safety is respected by having strong regulations for production, distribution, and sale of cannabis.
Nova Scotia and P.E.I. both set their legal age for marijuana at 19 last week, but are taking different paths on how weed will be sold.
P.E.I. will sell marijuana at standalone outlets run separately by its liquor commission, while Nova Scotia said pot will be sold alongside alcohol in its provincial liquor stores.
On Monday, Joplin's City Council will vote on a proposed contract with a new independent, professional baseball team. This comes after another independent professional team, the Joplin Blasters, couldn't meet its contract with the City during its 2015 and 2016 seasons.
City officials met with us to talk about what's new with this proposal, besides a different team with different owners.
City officials say the third time looks like the charm for professional baseball.
"It's a great opportunity for us to partner with a group that is going to take a different approach to the facility, to Joe Becker Stadium," says Joplin Mayor Mike Seibert.
After two failed contracts with the Joplin Blasters, a proposed new contract has been drawn with the Southwest League of Professional Baseball.
"I think the lower base rent is going to be beneficial for the team," says Joplin City Manager Sam Anselm.
The base rents for the Blasters during contacts one and two were $150,000 then $75,000. The base rent for Joplin's proposed new baseball team yet to be named is $35,000.
"It's not a high hurdle for them to overcome," says Anselm. "They don't have to worry about selling tickets or doing other things to make that base rent amount."
The Blasters were only allowed to use Joe Becker's field from May through October, but the Southwest League would have access year-round.
"We'll get a 75 percent user fee for each of the tickets they sell into the stadium for ballgames, and if they would do things like concerts," says Seibert. "The opportunities are really as much as they would like to receive the revenue from those opportunities."
The City of Joplin is paying off more than $1.7 million in debt for renovating Joe Becker Stadium, and City officials know the Southwest League is looking out for its best interest.
"I think we've done a good job as staff to be able to present a lease that I believe is fair and provides an opportunity for both sides to be successful in the future," says Anselm.
More private revenue to pay off Joe Becker renovations means less taxpayer money towards the same purpose.
The proposed contract will be a "done deal" if City Council approves it Monday night. The proposed lease is for five years, starting January of 2019. Click here for more details.
Even though the cat is pretty much out of Woking's bag, McLaren has yet another teaser to show of its highly anticipated 650S replacement. The latest image provides a first glimpse at the 720S' heart and soul: a newly developed biturbo 4.0-liter V8. Codenamed “M840T,” the engine will reside in an illuminated bay that will automatically glow in red after unlocking the car.
While the engine's output has not been disclosed, the 720S badge on that stunning Volcano Orange shown recently during a private event suggested it will have 720 PS (710 horsepower / 530 kilowatts). The amount of torque the new engine will deliver is not known at this point, but don't be too surprised if the V8 will generate more than the 500 pound-feet (678 Newton-meters) produced by the 650S' 3.8-liter unit.
We do know straight from McLaren the new arrival in the Super Series will need just 7.8 seconds to hit 124 mph (200 kph), thus making it 0.6 seconds quicker than the model is about to replace. Consequently, it's also going to be quicker in the quarter mile by slashing 0.2s to complete the task in 10.3 seconds. McLaren says pressing the accelerator pedal will allow the meaty V8 to deliver a “soulful, clean and crisp exhaust note that is among the most emotive of any McLaren.”
Previous teasers have revealed the car will weigh just 2,828 pounds (1,283 kilograms) thanks to its carbon fiber Monocage II body structure shaving off 40 lbs (18 kg). Codenamed “P14”, the new McLaren will have twice the aerodynamic efficiency and will generate 50 percent extra downforce than the outgoing 650S. At the same time, it's going to boast a lower center of gravity and will use new dihedral doors providing an easier access inside the cabin thanks to the wider entrance.
All will be revealed on March 7th when McLaren will take the wraps off the 720S Coupe at the Geneva Motor Show.
Source: McLaren
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Strong fields and solid conditions are set to greet competitors at the Albany Boardriders Club's 2018 Wavefest event this long weekend.
The open men's and open women's fields are stacked with quality and the predicted 2m-3m swell has organisers excited about the prospect of the 21st edition of the region's biggest surf contest.
More than 20 entrants will do battle in the hotly contested open men's division, with defending champion Reiss Hunt away in Indonesia and not returning to chase another crown.
Last year's runner-up Matt Stadler will be one to watch, along with a host of youngsters taking on the more experienced surfers.
In a major boost to the event, reigning six-time open women's champion Emi Campbell will hit the water this weekend as she chases more history.
Campbell did not have it all her own way last year but won a staggering sixth-straight title.
She will again face stiff competition from a group of rapidly rising juniors that includes Holly Minter, Sascha Roberts, Evie Dupuy and Pemba Spargo, while former winner Shannon Armstrong will also take part.
Camera Icon Young gun Sascha Roberts will be one to watch.
The likely venue this year will either be Parry Beach in Denmark or Mutton Bird Beach and again, $1000 prize money is up for grabs for the open women's and open men's winners.
Albany Boardriders president Peter Bolt said the event was shaping up well. “The conditions look for offshore surfing all weekend,” Bolt said. “It's looking most likely Mutton Bird or Parry Beach and we may do one day at each.
“We'll make a decision on Friday on location and Sunday night should be great with the presentations at the Boatshed on Sunday night will be great with a band and a custom Aido board as a door prize.”
In a rare move, the Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement. This is first time the Fed has placed a cap on the overall growth of a firm.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is her last day as head of the Fed when she steps down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
Goosen qualifies for British Open
Two-time U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen was among 12 players who made it into the British Open on Tuesday through local final qualifying.
Goosen had rounds of 71-72 at Princes to make it by one shot.
Local final qualifying offered three spots at each of four links across Britain. Tom Lewis, who held the 18-hole lead at nearby Royal St. George's in the 2011 Open when he was a 20-year-old amateur, led the three qualifiers from Princes.
Ashton Turner of England led the qualifiers at Notts; James Robinson of England led the qualifiers at St. Annes Old Links; and amateur Sam Locke of Scotland led the qualifiers at The Renaissance Club.
The British Open returns to Carnoustie on July 19-22.
The background of WA Labor's latest candidate for Darling Range has been extensively scrutinised, the premier says, after the party's last MP and a parliamentary hopeful for the state seat proved to be embarrassments.
Woodside manager Tania Lawrence is the party's second candidate in as many weeks for the June 23 by-election, which was triggered by the resignation of disgraced Labor-turned-independent MP Barry Urban, who lied about his education and police service record.
Premier Mark McGowan said vetting for Ms Lawrence had been "extensive" given her predecessor Colleen Yates quit the race last week - just days after being endorsed - over exaggerations in her online resume.
"Obviously in elections going forward in Western Australia, clearly there will be a lot more scrutiny of individual candidates," Mr McGowan told reporters on Thursday.
"There's been extensive examination and I'm totally confident in Tania."
Ms Lawrence, who has also worked in the public sector including in counter-terrorism, said she produced physical evidence of her study history and was asked if the Urban and Yates dramas had put her off nominating.
"Obviously there are significant and concerning issues in relation to Barry Urban and more recently Colleen Yates, and I understand that, I recognise that but I'm putting that past behind me," she said.
"I'm here now and do believe I can be that strong working voice for the electorate.
"I have been as heavily scrutinised as I have in the past when I filled out national security clearances for government."
Asked if she was a "captain's pick", the premier said he'd been a strong advocate for her.
Opposition spokesman Tony Krsticevic said he had no faith Labor had got things right the third time around.
Mr Krsticevic also criticised the ALP's policy of having candidates delete their social media accounts once endorsed.
"If they have nothing to hide, why would they be doing that as a matter of course?" he said.
The global market of Managed Pressure drilling is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period. The global Managed Pressure drilling market is forecasted to demonstrate an exponential growth by 2023, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a whooping, CAGR during the estimated period (2018 – 2023).
Moreover, new oil reserve discoveries increase the drilling and exploration activities in coming years which upsurge the demand for the market. Additionally, increasing deepwater drilling activities in Africa and Latin America is also expected to boost the demand for managed pressure drilling services during the forecast period. However, environmental risks and strict government regulations for drilling as well as increasing focus on renewable energy may hinder the market growth of the market.
Global Managed Pressure Drilling Market – Competitive Analysis
Well established players incorporate acquisition, collaboration, partnership, expansion, and product launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position. These key players compete based upon pricing, and services. Vendors operating in the market strive to deliver the best quality services based on innovative technologies, and best practices. These Key Players make a substantial investment for R&D and to secure a guaranteed resource for the customers. Managed pressure drilling market demonstrates a high growth potential which is likely to attract many entrants to the market resulting in to intensified competition further.
Get Sample Report for more Information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1586
A British art critic, Marxist intellectual and prodigious author whose pioneering 1972 book and the BBC series it spawned, “Ways of Seeing,” ushered in a political perspective to art criticism has died. John Berger was 90.
Simon McBurney, the British actor and a friend of Berger's, told The Associated Press that Berger died Monday at his home in the Paris suburb of Antony. McBurney said Berger had been ill for about a year.
Berger was the author of art criticism, novels, poetry, screenplays and many less classifiable books. He consistently challenged traditional interpretations of art and society and connections between the two. When he won the prestigious Booker Prize in 1972 for his novel “G,” he pledged to give half his reward to the Black Panthers.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Share. A second beta will follow on September 1 on both Xbox One and PS4. A second beta will follow on September 1 on both Xbox One and PS4.
Call of Duty: WW2's private beta, which runs from August 25 to August 28 on PlayStation 4, will include at least three maps, fan-favorite modes, and more.
A new post from Sledgehammer Games details what is — and isn't — in the beta coming later this month, including that players will have the chance to enlist in the Infantry, Expeditionary, Airborne, Armored, or Mountain fighting group, and familiarize themselves with how solider progression works in Divisions. Division replaces the Pick 10 Create-a-Class system
In addition to testing out this new class system, the beta will include Operation Breakout, which is WW2's new War Mode experience where players will get to participate in a Allied vs. Axis fight in the village of St. Lo, France. War Mode is built in partnership with Raven Software.
Along with Operation Breakout and Divisions, the beta will also include at least three new maps — Pointe Du Hoc, Ardennes, and Gibraltar — modes like Team Deathmatch, Domination, and Hardpoint, and limited progression with the chance to unlock certain weapons, scorestreaks, equipment, and basic training skills.
However, Sledgehammer made sure to point that the beta won't feature the game's new social experience Headquarters, supply drops and loot, full progression, and the remaining maps, modes, weapons, scorestreaks, and equipment. eSports competitive modes like Ranked Play and Game Battle, as well as WW2's competitive features, will also not be available until the full game is released in November
A second beta will follow from September 1 to September 4 on both Xbox One and PS4.
Call of Duty: WW2 will be released November 3 on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC. For more on the game, check out IGN's preview of the Nazi Zombies mode.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow him on Twitter.
Breastfeeding increased in areas where shopping vouchers were offered to mother
46 per cent of all eligible mothers signed up to the scheme and over 40 per cent claimed at least one voucher for breastfeeding
Women reported that the vouchers were an incentive to continue breastfeeding
Offering new mothers financial incentives may significantly increase low breastfeeding rates, new research from the University of Sheffield and the University of Dundee has found.
More than 10,000 new mothers across South Yorkshire, Derbyshire and North Nottinghamshire were involved in the groundbreaking study which offered shopping vouchers worth up to £120 if their babies received breastmilk (breastfeeding or expressed milk) at two days, 10 days and six weeks old. A further £80 of vouchers was available if their babies continued to receive breastmilk up to six months.
Breastfeeding levels in the UK are some of the lowest in the world - in some areas just 12 per cent of six to eight week-old babies are breastfed. The trial, funded by the National Prevention Research Initiative and Public Health England, saw an increase of six percentage points in the areas where the scheme was offered, compared with those areas where the scheme was not available.
Principal investigator Dr Clare Relton, from the University of Sheffield's School of Health and Related Research (ScHARR), said: "Our scheme offered vouchers to mothers as a way of acknowledging the value of breastfeeding to babies and mothers and the work involved in breastfeeding.
"As the scheme was tested in areas with low breastfeeding rates (just 28 per cent of babies is receiving any breastmilk at six-eight weeks), we were delighted that 46 per cent of all eligible mothers signed up to the scheme and over 40 per cent claimed at least one voucher. The trial found a significant increase in breastfeeding rates in areas where the scheme was offered.
"Eight out of 10 mothers in the UK who start to breastfeed stop before they really want to. It seems that the voucher scheme helped mothers to breastfeed for longer. Mothers reported they felt rewarded for breastfeeding."
The study used the routine method of collecting information on breastfeeding; an assessment by healthcare professionals who already discuss feeding, along with the baby's general health, during routine visits.
Mother Fiona Sutcliffe, 29, from Sheffield who took part in the scheme with her baby girl said: "Breastfeeding is quite difficult in the beginning. The scheme is a really good way of keeping going - keeping motivated to stay on track rather than giving up and going for the bottle. It provides little milestones, little stepping stones and helps you get breastfeeding established."
Breastfeeding has a wide range of benefits for both mothers and babies. It helps to prevent short and long-term illnesses in children and in mothers2 and also reduces health costs to the National Health Service2 (NHS). It is estimated that the NHS would save a minimum of £17 million every year in hospital admissions and GP visits2 if more women could be supported in order to breastfeed for longer.
Anahi Wheeldon, a community midwife from Eckington in Sheffield, said: "The vouchers really lifted mums and gave them recognition and acceptance.
"The scheme has really helped changed the culture and attitude towards breastfeeding. Particularly with young mums you used to be the odd one out if you breastfed, but now they know people who've breastfed, there is a network between mums, so it's become more normal."
Co-author of the study Mary Renfrew, Professor of Mother and Infant Health at the University of Dundee, said: "This is the first large-scale study to show an increase in breastfeeding in communities where rates have been low for generations, and where it can be particularly difficult for women to breastfeed without strong family and community support, because of strong societal barriers.
"In the UK these barriers include the difficulty some women encounter when breastfeeding in public, widespread misleading marketing that formula is equivalent to breastfeeding, a lack of high quality services to prevent and treat any problems if they arise, a lack of community support, a lack of education about breastfeeding for young children, and lack of support for women to breastfeed in the workplace.
"The incentive scheme was designed together with local women and staff to make sure it was feasible and appropriate, and breastfeeding support services were widely available in all the areas where the trial took place. Thanks to all the mothers and staff who supported this study, we now know much more about what might work to help new mothers to breastfeed."
The five year NOurishing Start for Health (NOSH) study was funded by the National Prevention Research Initiative (NPRI). The NPRI was a national initiative made up of government departments, research councils and major medical charities that worked together to encourage and support research into chronic disease prevention.
Its core aim was to develop and implement successful, cost-effective interventions that reduce people's risk of developing major diseases by influencing their health behaviours. A review of the NPRI fed into the recently-launched UK Prevention Research Partnership.
Dr Gavin Malloch, programme manager for public health partnerships at the Medical Research Council which led the NPRI collaboration, said: "There is a wealth of evidence about the importance of breastfeeding for a child's health and also the health of mothers. We also know that being breastfed as a baby has benefits for health later in life, reducing the risk of conditions such as diabetes which place an enormous pressure on the NHS.
"Breastfeeding rates in the UK are some of the lowest in the world. This study shows that vouchers might significantly improve rates in areas where they are below the national average. It will also help inform discussions around this issue at a global level."
The trial findings are published in JAMA Pediatrics.
###
To view the full paper please visit: http://jamanetwork. com/ journals/ jamapediatrics/ fullarticle/ 10. 1001/ jamape diatrics.2017.4523
(Please note the link will only be live after the embargo lifts at 16:00 (GMT) 11 December 2017)
For further information please contact: Amy Huxtable, Media Relations Officer, University of Sheffield, 0114 222 9859
Notes to editors
1 Research has shown that breastfeeding has a wide range of short and long-term health benefits for both mothers and babies.
Breastfed babies have:
Less chance of diarrhoea and vomiting
Fewer chest and ear infections and having to go to hospital as a result
Less chance of becoming obese
Less chance of diabetes in later life
Less chance of leukaemia
Less chance of developing eczema.
Less chance of being constipated
Health benefits for mother include:
Reduces risk of breast cancer and ovarian cancer
Reduced risk of metabolic syndrome
Helps mother and baby bond
Naturally uses up to 500 calories a day
For more information please visit NHS Choices Breastfeeding: the first few days.
2 Potential savings to the NHS
If mothers breastfed more and for longer, then the NHS could save a minimum of £17 million every year just for avoiding the costs of treating four acute diseases in infants (GI infections, URTI infections, Otitis Media and NEC). For more information please visit: NHS Choices More breastfeeding 'would save the NHS millions', UNICEF Breastfeeding in the UK and UNICEF Commissioning Guidance for Infant Feeding Financial incentives have been shown to be effective in promoting positive health behaviours. For example, financial incentives for breastfeeding have been routinely provided in the Quebec region of Canada since the mid-1990s.
NOSH
The NOurishing Start for Health project (NOSH) research costs were funded by the National Prevention Research Initiative (NPRI). The vouchers were supported by Public Health England (PHE). The components of the scheme were determined through work with local midwives, health visitors and mothers. Participants did not get the full payments straight away and payments did not affect welfare payments.
National Prevention Research Initiative
The National Prevention Research Initiative (NPRI) was a national initiative made up of government departments, research councils and major medical charities working together to encourage and support research into chronic disease prevention. The initiative was co-ordinated by the Medical Research Council and the award for this study was supported by the following organisations: Alzheimer's Research Trust; Alzheimer's Society; Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council; British Heart Foundation; Cancer Research UK; Chief Scientist Office, Scottish Government Health Directorate; Department of Health; Diabetes UK; Economic and Social Research Council; Health and Social Care Research and Development Division of the Public Health Agency (HSC R&D Division); Medical Research Council; The Stroke Association; Wellcome Trust; Welsh Assembly Government; and World Cancer Research Fund.
Public Health England
Public Health England exists to protect and improve the nation's health and wellbeing, and reduce health inequalities.
It does this through world-class science, knowledge and intelligence, advocacy, partnerships and the delivery of specialist public health services. PHE is an operationally autonomous executive agency of the Department of Health.
The University of Sheffield
With almost 27,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities.
A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines.
Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in.
Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2017 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014. In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life.
Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields.
Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
For further information, please visit http://www. sheffield. ac. uk
To read other news releases about the University of Sheffield, visit http://www. sheffield. ac. uk/ news
The University of Dundee has a core mission to transform lives, locally and globally.
Dundee holds a Gold award for Teaching Excellence and is internationally renowned for its research strengths, particularly across the biomedical and healthcare disciplines. We were the only UK university ranked in the top 50 of Nature's Innovation Index in 2017 and Reuters ranked Dundee 5th in the UK among their `Most Innovative Universities in Europe'.
Dundee performs consistently well in the major student surveys, with Times Higher Education's analysis of the 2017 National Student Survey placing us in their `Top tier' universities.
The University has been central to the city's development in recent years, including attracting the V&A Museum of Design, which opens in 2018 on Dundee's waterfront. Dundee is also the UK's only UNESCO City of Design.
The University is home to over 16,000 students, with more than a quarter of them coming from outside the UK. All of this has helped make Dundee one of the world's top 200 universities (Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2018).
See http://www. dundee. ac. uk for further details.
TEMPE: An Uber self-driving car hit and killed a woman crossing the street in Arizona, police said, marking the first fatality involving an autonomous vehicle and a potential blow to the technology expected to transform transportation.
The ride services company said it was suspending North American tests of its self-driving vehicles, which are currently going on in Arizona, Pittsburgh and Toronto.
So-called robot cars, when fully developed by companies including Uber, Alphabet Inc and General Motors Co, are expected to drastically cut down on motor vehicle fatalities and create billion-dollar businesses. But Monday's accident underscored the possible challenges ahead for the promising technology as the cars confront real-world situations involving real people.
US lawmakers have been debating legislation that would speed the introduction of self-driving cars.
“This tragic accident underscores why we need to be exceptionally cautious when testing and deploying autonomous vehicle technologies on public roads,” said Democratic Senator Edward Markey, a member of the transportation committee, in a statement.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was walking her bicycle outside the crosswalk on a four-lane road in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe about 10 PM MST Sunday (0400 GMT Monday) when she was struck by the Uber vehicle travelling at about 65 kilometres per hour (40 miles per hour), police said. The car was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel.
Herzberg later died from her injuries in a hospital, police said.
“The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk. As soon as she walked into the lane of traffic she was struck,” Tempe Police Sergeant Ronald Elcock told reporters at a news conference. He said he did not yet know how close Herzberg was to the vehicle when she stepped into the lane.
Elcock said he believed Herzberg may have been homeless.
Volvo, the Swedish car brand owned by China's Geely, confirmed its XC90 SUV was involved in the crash but said the software controlling the car was not its own.
US federal safety regulators were sending teams to investigate the crash. Canada's transportation ministry in Ontario, where Uber conducts testing, also said it was reviewing the accident.
Video footage would aid the ongoing investigation, and the case would be submitted to the district attorney, Elcock said.
“Our investigators have that information, and they will be using that in their investigation as well as the Maricopa County Attorney's Office as part of their investigation,” said Elcock. “They are going to attempt to try to find who was possibly at fault and how we can better be safe, whether it's pedestrians or whether it's the vehicle itself.”
Wild West
Uber and Waymo on Friday urged Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed the introduction of self-driving cars into the United States. Some congressional Democrats have blocked the legislation over safety concerns, and Monday's fatality could hamper passage of the bill, congressional aides said Monday.
Safety advocates called for a national moratorium on all robot car testing on public roads.
“Arizona has been the wild west of robot car testing with virtually no regulations in place,” said Consumer Watchdog, a non-profit consumer advocacy group, in a statement. “That's why Uber and Waymo test there. When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed.”
Arizona has opened its arms to companies testing self-driving vehicles as a means to economic growth and jobs. Republican Governor Doug Ducey reached out to Uber in 2016 after California regulators cracked down on the company over its failure to obtain testing permits.
Self-driving cars being tested routinely get into fender-benders with other vehicles. Last week, a self-driving Uber crashed into another vehicle in Pittsburgh, local news reported. There were no injuries.
A year ago, Uber temporarily grounded its self-driving cars for a few days following a crash with another car in Tempe. The company has been the subject of a number of complaints about its autonomous vehicles, but the company has said the cars were being driven by a human driver at the time of the incidents.
Essential to Uber's success
Uber has said its ability to build autonomous cars is essential to its success in the rapidly changing transportation industry. The company envisions a network of autonomous cars that would be summoned through the Uber app that would supplement — and eventually replace — human-driven cars.
Uber has logged 3.2 million self-driving kilometres (2 million miles) through December. The company has more than 100 autonomous cars testing on the roads of the greater Phoenix area, the company's prime testing ground due to the state's loose regulations and hospitable weather.
Rain, snow and ice are particularly challenging for autonomous cars. The company also tests in Pittsburgh and Toronto.
Concerns over the safety of autonomous vehicles flared after a July 2016 fatality involving a Tesla Inc automobile with a partially autonomous system that required human supervision. Safety regulators later determined Tesla was not at fault.
Uber has weathered a series of crises, including sexual harassment claims, using a tracking tool to avoid government officials, and a lawsuit brought by competitor Waymo alleging theft of self-driving trade secrets. Uber settled that lawsuit last month for $245 million.
That settlement was largely seen as a means for Uber to resume work on autonomous cars without the distraction of litigation, as it hustles to catch up with Waymo, widely seen as having the most advanced cars in the industry.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Senate Finance Committee will hold a hearing on the new tax law Tuesday.
A report released Monday by Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation found wealthy individuals will benefit the most from the new tax law's deduction for pass-through businesses.
The tax overhaul, signed by President Donald Trump last year, created a new deduction of 20 percent for many owners of pass-through businesses, including S corporations and partnerships.
Pass-through businesses are not subject to corporate tax, but have their income "pass through" to their owners, taxed as individuals. About 95 percent of American businesses fall into this category.
According to the congressional estimate, 44 percent of the break's benefit is going to the those making more than $1 million, which will cost the government an estimated $40.2 billion this year.
Republicans say the tax break for pass-throughs will level the playing field between corporations and small businesses. Democrats argue the deduction provides the biggest benefit for the wealthy and makes taxes more complicated for small-business owners.
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., said the report provides more evidence that the scales are tipped to favor the wealthy.
"The numbers don't lie: more evidence the #GOPTaxScam was designed to tip the scales in favor of the wealthiest Americans at the expense of the middle class. From day one, Americans knew Republicans gave them a raw deal, one of the clearest reasons why the law remains so unpopular," Schumer said.
Ryan Ellis, a senior tax adviser for the Family Business Coalition disagreed.
"Only the hopelessly anti-tax cut liberal media could spin the report this way. A majority of the small-business tax cut goes to households making less than $1 million per year. And this is somehow a tax cut for the rich?" Ellis tweeted.
The finance committee hearing is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon.
BRADENTON, Fla. (AP) — Two years ago, Gerrit Cole won 19 games and finished fourth in the National League Cy Young voting.
After slogging through an injury filled 2016, the Pittsburgh Pirates' ace has set more modest goals for the upcoming season.
“Staying healthy, being able to contribute,” Cole said. “Staying disciplined and staying on a routine. Just keep trying to perfect the things I can control is a pretty good goal.”
On Tuesday, when Pirates pitchers and catchers held their first workout of spring training, Cole threw a normal bullpen session. He fired 35 fastballs in front of a crowd of a couple dozen fans and several keenly interested members of the Pirates' coaching staff and front office.
Advertisement
It was uneventful. It was mundane. And it was exactly what Cole needed.
“It certainly is an advantage for us if he's healthy and he's Gerrit Cole again,” general manager Neal Huntington said. “There's no coincidence that we were good when Gerrit was good.”
Last year, Cole sustained a rib injury about a month before camp began. It threw his offseason training routine out of whack and still bothered him a couple of months into the season.
Cole went on the disabled list three times. In June, he was sidelined by a strained right triceps. In August, it was right elbow inflammation. On Sept. 13, he was shut down for the season by right elbow posterior inflammation.
Never fully healthy, Cole lurched to a 7-10 record with a 3.88 ERA. His averages of 10.2 hits and 2.8 walks allowed per nine innings were career worsts.
With Cole hobbled, the starting rotation tanked. Opening day starter Francisco Liriano never pulled out of a season-long funk and was traded in August. Manager Clint Hurdle was forced to plug the holes with rookies Jameson Taillon, Steven Brault, Trevor Williams and Chad Kuhl.
Pirates starters racked up the third-fewest innings in the NL and ranked 11th with a 4.67 ERA. The team finished 78-83 and missed the postseason for the first time since 2012.
“At the end of the day, the biggest thing was we weren't able to pitch the ball the way we had the previous three years, which complicated everything else,” Hurdle said.
Cole ended the season on the 60-day DL and worked out over the winter at a facility in Los Angeles operated by his agent Scott Boras.
“I've learned a lot and gotten more mental toughness,” Cole said. “I've learned how to deal with some adversity, so hopefully I'm better for it.”
By mid-November, when Cole honeymooned with his wife in the Caribbean, he finally felt healthy again.
As he dressed for his first workout at Pirate City, Cole laughed when someone asked if he played catch on the beach with his wife Amy, the sister of San Francisco Giants shortstop Brandon Crawford.
“No, but we still worked out quite a bit,” Cole said. “I'm lucky, my wife is athletic.”
This year, Cole is back on a normal spring training routine. He is expected to anchor the front end of the rotation with Ivan Nova, who in December signed a three-year, $26 million deal.
Hurdle has not yet indicated which pitcher will start on opening day against the Boston Red Sox. Although Nova has more experience, Cole has other things working in his favor.
“He has that ‘it' factor,” Taillon said. “I feel like the team has kind of been turned toward him, at least on the pitching side of it. He's definitely a presence. He's got an air about him.”
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Trump and reaction to the shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (all times local):
7:46 p.m.
President Donald Trump has made his picks for U.S. ambassador to Canada and Costa Rica.
Trump intends to nominate Kelly Knight Craft of Kentucky to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Canada.
Advertisement
The prominent Republican donor and fundraiser previously served as a U.S. delegate to the United Nations.
Trump will also nominate former Republican National Committee co-chair Sharon Day to serve as U.S. ambassador to Costa Rica.
She is a longtime Republican party operative and political commentator.
Both positions will require Senate confirmation.
___
11:52 a.m.
President Donald Trump is calling for unity after a shooting that injured a top House Republican leader.
Trump says in a televised statement from the White House that while the political parties may have their differences, it's worth remembering that everyone who serves in Washington is here because they love the United States.
Trump says everyone can agree that we are “blessed to be Americans” and that we are strongest when “we work together for the common good.”
Trump says the wounded congressman, Republican Steve Scalise of Louisiana, is in stable condition.
_____
11:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump says the assailant in the congressional shooting has died from his injuries.
Trump said Wednesday morning that the gunman who shot Rep. Steve Scalise, of Louisiana, had died. The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson.
Scalise was shot at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Officials said several other people were also wounded. Trump said Scalise “was badly wounded and is now in stable condition.”
Trump praised the “heroic actions” of the Capital Police at the scene.
____
11:43 a.m.
President Donald Trump says he has spoken to Rep. Steve Scalise's wife, Jennifer, to offer his support to the family.
Trump calls Scalise, the House majority whip, a very good friend and says he is a fighter and a patriot.
Trump offers his own prayers to the Scalise family, and says the entire world is also praying for them.
____
11:18 a.m.
President Donald Trump will make a statement from the White House on Wednesday about the shooting of a top House Republican.
The White House said Trump will speak from the Diplomatic Room at 11:30 a.m.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday morning at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Officials said several other people were also wounded.
The White House said Trump and Vice President Mike Pence were both notified of the shooting in Alexandria. The president has spoken to Scalise's wife and chief of staff, as well as House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the chief of the Capitol Police.
Derby County's Cameron Jerome (left) celebrates scoring his side's third goal with Bradley Johnson.
Derby County's Cameron Jerome (left) celebrates scoring his side's third goal with Bradley Johnson.
CARDIFF CITY'S BID for automatic promotion to the Premier League suffered a blow as Derby improved their play-off prospects with a crucial 3-1 win.
Neil Warnock's second-placed side could have moved four points clear of third-placed Fulham with a win at Pride Park.
With only two games left in the Championship season, that would have put the Bluebirds in pole position to join already-promoted Wolves in the top flight.
Cardiff were on course to achieve that target after Callum Paterson gave them a half-time lead.
But defensive errors allowed Cameron Jerome to score twice either side of a Matej Vydra strike as Derby ended a run of three straight defeats to move back into sixth place above Millwall.
Meanwhile, Barnsley are fighting for Championship survival after Nottingham Forest cruised to a 3-0 win at the City Ground.
Lee Tomlin scored a spectacular goal before setting up another for Ben Brereton and sub Apostolos Vellios netted a late third.
The result meant Forest boss Aitor Karanka dealt a severe blow to his old friend and Barnsley manager Jose Morais, who he worked alongside at Real Madrid on Jose Mourinho's staff.
Third-bottom Barnsley are two points adrift of safety, behind 21st-placed Bolton, with two games left to play.
Morais will hope that Karanka does him a favour before the end of the season, however as Forest face a trip to Bolton on the final day.
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
April 24 (UPI) -- Boston Red Sox legend David Ortiz asked the franchise to trade him during the 2003 season, before he won his first World Series in 2004.
Former Red Sox general manager -- and current Chicago Cubs president of baseball operations -- Theo Epstein revealed the nugget during an interview on MLB.com's Executive Access podcast.
"David Ortiz hit all of two home runs in the first [two months] of the 2003 season and in mid-May had his agent come and ask me for a trade to somewhere he could play more regularly," Epstein said on the podcast.
"Fernando Cuza came to talk to me and I told Cuza at the time that David was someone we wanted to get everyday at-bats, but we just needed to pare down the roster a little bit. We ended up trading [Shea] Hillenbrand instead of David Ortiz, so I guess that was a good decision in hindsight. David got regular playing time and ended up hitting close to 30 homers in the second half of the season and was off and running as 'Big Papi.'"
The Red Sox traded Hillenbrand to the Arizona Diamondbacks in exchange for Byung-Hyun Kim in May of 2003.
"Big Papi" hit .288 during the 2003 season, with 31 home runs and 101 RBIs. He finished fifth in the American League MVP race. The next season, he hit .301, with 41 bombs and 139 RBIs, while making his first All-Star team.
He was also named the 2004 ALCS MVP after mashing three homers and hitting .387 in Boston's historical comeback against the New York Yankees. Boston trailed 3-0 in the series, before winning four consecutive games to punch a ticket into the World Series.
Ortiz hit a walk-off home run in the bottom of the 12th inning of Game 4 in the ALCS, sparking the Red Sox's rally. He also hit a walk-off single in the bottom of the 14th inning in Game 5 and a two-run homer in the first inning of Game 7.
The Red Sox's dominant designated hitter led Major League Baseball with 148 RBIs in 2005 and led the American League with 54 home runs and 137 RBIs in 2006. Ortiz hit .290, with 452 home runs, 1,429 RBIs and a .569 slugging percentage from 2004 through 2016. He was also named an All-Star 10 times and won three World Series rings with the Red Sox during that stretch. He was the MVP of the 2013 World Series, when the Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals.
Ortiz hit .688, with two home runs and six RBIs in six games. He had a 1.188 slugging percentage and 1.948 OPS during that stretch.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
After a hatchback and a minivan, VW's third I.D. concept foretells what will become in a few years a zero-emissions crossover riding on the group's new MEB platform developed specifically for electric vehicles. With sliding rear doors, a coupe-like roofline and individual rear seats, it's no ordinary CUV.
Crossover-coupes are certainly not for everyone, but the I.D. Crozz (yes, with a “z”) does look quite interesting with its prominent body creases and futuristic headlights. The way the sleek all-LED taillights extend onto the rear fenders is also a nice touch. We could do without the illuminated VW badges, though. By pushing the wheels outwards, the engineers were able to shorten the overhangs and maximize wheelbase to boost cabin space.
Speaking of space inside, headroom for rear passengers seems to be plentiful despite the inclined roofline, while accessing those back seats should be easy thanks to the sliding doors and the lack of a B-pillar. Those lines on the massive panoramic roof are actually strips of LEDs turned on using gesture controls to further brighten up the interior. With the roof being transparent, the light-emitting diodes are also noticeable from the outside. VW wishes to point out the showcar offers just about the same amount of space inside the cabin as the Tiguan, despite being smaller on the outside and having a lower roofline.
You'll have a hard time finding any physical controls as instead VW has decided to keep it simple by installing a 10.2-inch tablet for the infotainment system and an all-digital instrument cluster measuring 5.8 inches. More touch-operated controls have been implemented onto the door panels. An augmented reality head-up display comes to diminish distractions behind the wheel whenever a human driver is in control of the electric crossover.
Power comes from a pair of electric motors delivering a combined 302 hp (225 kW) distributed 101 hp (75 kW) front and 201 hp (150 kW) rear good for a top speed of 112 mph (180 kph). With the weight being distributed 48 percent front and 52 percent rear, VW mentions the crossover “demonstrates handling characteristics like a Golf GTI's.”
Thanks to a sizeable 81-kWh lithium-ion battery pack incorporated into the concept's floor, the I.D. Crozz can cover up to 311 miles (500 kilometers) between two charges as per the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC). If you're in a hurry, 30 minutes worth of charging with a 150-kW DC fast charger will replenish the battery pack to an 80-percent level.
The I.D. Crozz introduced today on the dawn of the Auto Shanghai in China also previews the company's intentions as far as autonomous driving. Activating the “I.D. Pilot” mode will automatically deploy the laser scanners in charge of analyzing everything around the car. The adaptive LED headlights will also be activated by turning left or right depending on what the onboard computers are about to do. Even the exterior and interior ambient lighting will be modified after switching on the fully autonomous mode, which will also retract the steering wheel into the dashboard to free up more space inside the minimalistic and spacious cabin.
The first road-going electric VW riding on the MEB platform is slated to go on sale in 2020 and will be followed by a multitude of models previewed by these I.D.-badged concepts.
Source: Volkswagen
The global waterborne coatings market is highly fragmented and therefore very competitive as well, states Transparency Market Research (TMR) in its latest research report on this market. Leading players have extensive geographical presence as well as massive production facilities which are located across the globe. In order to gain a competitive edge leading players are enhancing their relationships with their customers by providing support services apart from manufacturing products. Many players are also offering customized colours to their customers in order to attract more customers. Some of the leading players within the global waterborne Coatings Market are Sherwin Williams, PPG, AkzoNobel, BASF, RPM,Valspar, and Axalta
According to Transparency Market Research, around 4.5 million tons of waterborne coatings will be sold worldwide by 2026. The report further adds that the global waterborne coatings market will exhibit a 3.9% CAGR in terms of value. On the basis of material type, the demand for polyurethane material is high on account of its high performance abilities. It is anticipated that the demand for this material will continue to be high on account of their use in painting applications, waterproofing, and high level of service protection applications. On the basis of application, it is estimated that the industrial application segment will register the fastest growth in terms of volume and exhibit a 4.3% CAGR between 2017 and 2026. Also, the demand for waterborne coatings from the automotive applications will be a leading growth factor in the years to come.
Most Lucrative Regional Market to be Asia Pacific Excluding Japan, Driven by Easy Procurement of Raw Materials
By geography, it is estimated that Asia Pacific excluding Japan will be the most lucrative regional market for what about coatings on account of the easy procurement of raw polymerizing and liquefying agents resulting in a large-scale production of waterborne coatings. With leading players vying to extend their geographical presents to the developing nations in the Asia Pacific such as South Korea, India, and China this regional market the most sought-after region for investors in waterborne coatings market. By 2026, it is anticipated that Asia Pacific excluding Japan will account for a whopping 45% of the total market and emerge dominant regional market.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=14519
Growing Number of Stringent Regulations with Regards to Limiting Use of Solvent-based Coatings Benefitting Growth of Market
The global waterborne coatings market is primarily driven by the increasing number of stringent regulations that are implemented on account of the hazardous effects of solvent-based coatings on the environment. Since waterborne coatings possess compared to below toxicity due to its low VOC content, these coatings will continue to enjoy support from environmental and other bodies. In addition to this, waterborne coatings can be applied to various surfaces such as metal, glass, and wood as well as possesses minimum fire hazard.
The increasing building infrastructure activities, especially in the emerging economies of Asia Pacific will boost the demand for waterborne coatings. Coatings such as lacquers, paints, varnishes, and stains are used both in commercial residential buildings in order to protect them from UV radiation, microbes and moisture. The low VOC content in waterborne coatings is boosting their adoption in several developed nations.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Here are some of the top stories in healthcare, telemedicine, and mobile health that our sister site mHealthWatch has been monitoring this past week.
mPulse Mobile Advances Personalized Messaging Through New Healthx Partnership
On Tuesday at the AHIP Consumer Experience & Digital Health Forum, Healthx, Inc. — a leader in cloud-based portal and digital engagement solutions for healthcare payers — and mPulse Mobile — the industry leader in mobile health engagement — announced a partnership to offer “personalized text messaging, email and IVR solutions through the Healthx member engagement platform.”
CVS Health to Acquire Aetna
Over the weekend, it was officially announced that CVS Health and Aetna are executing a definitive merger agreement under which CVS Health will acquire all outstanding shares of Aetna for a combination of cash and stock.
First Look: UnitedHealthcare Touts New Healthy Pregnancy Mobile App
MHW can now confirm that the UnitedHealthcare Healthy Pregnancy mobile app — an interactive program providing expectant women with personalized content and 24/7 nurse support during pregnancy and after delivery — is now available to people enrolled in most UnitedHealthcare employer-sponsored plans.
New Humana Tool Aims to Improve Medication Management and Safety
According to the official word handed down to MHW today, a new tool developed by Humana Inc. enables Humana members to more easily keep a list of their medications in one place.
Report: 45 Percent of Industry Professionals See Key Role for Telemedicine
Mitchell, a leading provider of technology, connectivity and information solutions to the Property & Casualty (P&C) claims and Collision Repair industries, coordinated with Risk & Insurance magazine to survey U.S. professionals in the workers' compensation industry to gauge their views on which technologies they believe will have the greatest impact on the workers' compensation industry in the future, and which operational areas will improve the most as a result of those technologies.
Want to get the latest mHealthWatch news and insight delivered straight to your inbox every morning? If so, sign up for our free newsletter today.
Durban comedy lovers will be treated to a bumper line-up of funny men when the latest edition of the Laugh Machine Comedy Show takes place at the Sky Venue at the Elangeni Maharani on 2 June.
The show features established and up and coming stand up comedians as part of perhaps the most diverse comedy lineup ever to be seen in KZN. One of the highlights of the show will be veteran comic and former radio host Neville Pillay, who thrilled audiences across the country with his razor sharp wit and unique take on current affairs.
“Top Dan” has become a household name with his signature “Indianisms” and word of the day gags. He may even belt out a tune or two. Also featured is one liner maestro Kams Govender who is widely regarded as a future comedy star, having impressed alongside some of the biggest names in the industry.
Audiences can also look forward to the comic stylings of Meshantan Naidoo, the social media sensation who is a huge hit on Facebook with his Straight Choons With Meshantan Naidoo video blog. Handsome and naturally talented, Naidoo owns the stage with his candid discussions on religion, relationships and everything else in between. Zimbabwean comedy star Troy Tesla also joins the lineup fresh from the success of his solo tour, “Whose Land is it Anyway”, and is sure to dish up some big laughs. Another big star on the lineup is Jem Atkins, the witty creator of the hit shows “Single Dad” and “Single Dad 2.” Atkins explores life as a single parent, finding the funny in topics like divorce, marriage and parenting and never disappoints with his high energy style of comedy.
Up and coming funny man Jeremiah Gounden also features on the lineup. Known for his witty tales of growing up in mixed neighbourhoods, Gounden is a born storyteller who is particularly talented at accents and impersonations. He is an act not to be missed. Laugh Machine takes place on 2 June at the Elangeni-Maharani Hotel at 8pm. Tickets are R120 and are available from Computicket/Checkers.
Harvey Weinstein's recent perp walk reminds me of another great thing about Trump winning the election: Hillary Clinton isn't president.
A New York Times article on Weinstein's court appearance noted how the “ground shifted” last year, finally ending the “code of silence” surrounding powerful men. Why “last year,” if this has been going on for decades?
The article explained that Weinstein's power was enormous, his connections extensive and his willingness to play dirty without bounds. Did Harvey lose his money and connections “last year”?
Nope. But “last year” was the first year of Trump's presidency, or as I like to think of it, the first year of Hillary not being president. Ever.
The liberal protection racket for sexual predators was always intimately intertwined with the Clintons. The template used to defend Bill Clinton became a model for all left-wing sexual predators. They all hired the same lawyers and detectives and counted on the same cultural elites to mete out punishment to anyone who stood in the way of their Caligula lifestyles. It was Total War against the original #MeToo movement.
Even Teddy Kennedy never plotted revenge on reporters or smeared his sexual conquests as bimbos, trailer park trash and stalkers. That was the Clinton model.
Showing how incestuous it was, in 2000 — two years after Clinton's impeachment — Weinstein used his publishing company, Talk/Miramax, overseen by Tina Brown, to take revenge on anyone involved in Clinton's impeachment.
The publishing house commissioned a book by John Connolly to dig into the private sex lives of the people who had helped expose Bill Clinton, e.g., the lawyers behind Paula Jones' lawsuit, Ken Starr's staff, Linda Tripp lawyer Jim Moody, Matt Drudge, reporter Michael Isikoff and so on.
Concise summary of the book: All of us were gay, except me, because I was having an affair with Geraldo Rivera.
We know this because drafts of the book, The Insane Clown Posse, soon began to leak. Talk/Miramax's editor-in-chief Jonathan Burnham denied that any private eyes had been prying into our private lives and said he'd kill the book if it were true.
I went on Rivera Live and produced a letter given to me by an ex-boyfriend from a private eye looking for dirt on me:
“My office has been engaged by John C. Connolly, a writer who has performed work for Spy, New York, Premiere, Vanity Fair and a few other magazines. The project for which my services were engaged deals with January 16th, 1998, the day Monica Lewinsky was corralled by the office of the independent counsel. Mr. Connolly has described the goal as ‘a day in the life of'-type book, and to that he has directed me to conduct interviews and look into the background and activities of a few peripheral characters, including the author of ‘High Crimes and Misdemeanors,' one Ann Coulter.
“Nils B. Grevillius, private investigator”
As a result, the book was killed. But what if my ex hadn't given me that letter?
No one cared about any of our private lives. The only point was to humiliate anyone who hadn't endorsed Clinton's treatment of women as his sexual playthings.
There were plenty who did.
Well into the Monica Lewinsky scandal — which followed the Gennifer Flowers scandal, the Paula Jones scandal, the Dolly Kyle Browning scandal, the Elizabeth Ward Gracen scandal, the Sally Perdue scandal and the Kathleen Willey scandal — feminist icon Gloria Steinem wrote her infamous New York Times op-ed, announcing the “One Free Grope” rule for progressive men.
“He takes no for an answer,” Steinem explained. Whether he was groping Kathleen Willey in the Oval Office or dropping his pants for Paula Jones in the Excelsior Hotel, she said, Clinton “accepted rejection.”
Soon thereafter, we found out about Juanita Broaddrick.
As Bob Herbert wrote in The New York Times, the reaction of the feminists to Clinton's predatory behavior “can most charitably be described as restrained.” (This was when the Times were still an occasionally serious newspaper.)
Not one Senate Democrat voted to remove Clinton from office for various felonies related to his sexual assaults.
The message was clear. Liberal men got a pass for any sexual misconduct, even rape. But woe be to those who accused them. (Even last year, NBC News was still following the old rule: It fired Ronan Farrow rather than publish his Weinstein expose.)
Liberal males treated progressive politics like carbon credits for rape. Last year, MSNBC's Kasie Hunt reported that Democratic sexual predators on Capitol Hill say, “I can't be sexist; I'm a progressive.”
Recall that Weinstein's reaction to the accusations against him was to say: “I've decided that I'm going to give the NRA my full attention. I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy his retirement party. I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah.”
It's hard to avoid the impression that a big part of the reason Weinstein was finally exposed is that the Clinton machine is dead. Trump killed it. Would anyone have called out Weinstein if his good friend Hillary Clinton were “Madame President”? I doubt it. The Clinton protection racket would have gone on and on and on.
After years of feminists excusing sexual predators, once the Clintons were out of the way, the dam broke. There was no reason to keep humiliating themselves by defending the indefensible.
The Worst Generation has flatlined. There are no more Clintons to save. But as absolutely intellectually convinced as I am of the Clintons' demise, I'd feel a lot better if someone would keep a wooden stake handy.
COPYRIGHT 2018 ANN COULTER
Cayman Islands National Cricket team captain Ramon Sealy goes to bat for Technical Director Peter Anderson and calls for the cricket community to support him.
This comes after some in the cricket community, including Sports Councillor David Wight, voiced anger and disappointment following the team's winless run in the ICC World Cricket League Division 5 tournament.
Sealy says now is the time to rally around the team and the sport's top coach.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Normally on a sunny summer morning, Lucille Slonski will take her coffee out to her patio in front of her home at the corner of 30th Avenue and 25th Street, sit and soak up the morning sun.
Wednesday morning, Slonski was running behind. She was in her bedroom getting dressed, just after 9 a.m. Her husband, Bob, had just finished watching the news on TV when both heard a loud bang come from the front of the home they've shared for 30 years.
A Lower Mainland delivery truck carrying a stairlift system and boiler components had crashed into the Slonskis' retaining wall and hit the side of their home.
“I heard ‘crash,' ‘bang,' a lot of goddamn noise,” said Bob, 83.
Added Lucille: “I opened the window, saw a lot of dust, saw the concrete wall was down, then I saw the truck driver get out, kneel down and hold his head. I think he was in shock.
“If I'd been out there having my coffee, they'd be scattering my ashes over the boulevard.”
Reports indicate the truck driver had never been to Vernon before and was relying on the truck's GPS system, which took him to 30th Avenue and, of course, the two-phase portion of the road known to locals as Suicide Hill. Witnesses told RCMP the truck made it up the first portion but when he got to the flat part of 24th Street and tried to go up the final portion, the truck stalled and with it went the truck's brakes.
The truck went off the road to the south on 30th Avenue, went down the embankment, somehow missed the stairs and a power pole, clipped a chunk of a stone walkway, missed a bush, went into the Slonski's retaining wall, hit a portion of the east side of their home and tipped slightly on its side before coming to a rest.
The home sustained some structural damage. The truck sustained significant damage and was being towed out of the home just before noon. Nobody was injured.
It's not the first time the Slonskis have had a vehicle end up in their yard trying to go up Suicide Hill.
“The first was about 15 years ago,” said Bob. “A guy had an epileptic seizure. This was before they put the (traffic) island in there. He was weaving, hit the tree in front and end up hitting our retaining wall.”
@VernonNews
roger.knox@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND HAVEN, Mich. - A young Michigan girl is helping her classmates this holiday season, making sure they get a hot lunch at school by selling handmade "stretchy straw fidgeters," according to WXMI.
"Big ones are a dollar and little ones are 50 cents," said Lexi Bergeron, whose mother said she was inspired after hearing about students who couldn't afford lunches on the nightly news. She found out that some of her classmates would only get cheese sandwiches if they have a debt on their lunch account.
Lexi is in 4th grade at Ferry Elementary. She is "Paying It Forward" not just for her school, but the whole district. Lexi started making fidget strings for $1 each, and made $11 the first week.
Lexi's mother, Sara, put together a GoFundMe page, hoping to raise $188 to pay off the entire Ferry Elementary school lunch debt. That effort exceeded expectations and now they are hoping to raise thousands to wipe away all lunch debts in the district.
Their goal is $2,200 by the end of December. If you'd like to help, visit the GoFundMe page here.
[Press release] As the Thirty-Ninth Regular Meeting of the Conference of Heads of Government of CARICOM convenes in Montego Bay, Jamaica, Prime Minister Honourable Allen Chastanet has expressed plans to have in-depth discussions with counterparts about the Caribbean Single Market and Economy (CSME), among other concerns.
Ahead of the meeting, Prime Minister Chastanet explained that “Saint Lucia is going to this meeting with a clear agenda that it cannot be business as usual.”
Prime Minister Chastanet aims to discuss the fairness of the CSME model as well as areas such as Security and Climate Change.
The Meeting of Heads of CARICOM is taking place from 4 – 6 July 2018, under the Chairmanship of the Prime Minister of Jamaica, Honourable Andrew Holness. The Saint Lucia delegation also includes Minister with responsibility for External Affairs, Honourable Sarah Flood-Beaubrun and Saint Lucia's Ambassador to CARICOM, Her Excellency Elma Gene Isaac.
Heads of Government will meet in Plenary and Caucus on 5 – 6 July to deliberate on matters of importance to the Caribbean Community, including measures impacting the implementation of CSME, Crime and Security in the Region and emerging geo-political developments which can have an impact on the Region's growth prospects.
The Caribbean Community (CARICOM) has 15 Member States – Antigua and Barbuda, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Guyana, Grenada, Haiti, Jamaica, Montserrat, St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname and Trinidad and Tobago, and five Associate Members – Anguilla, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands and the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
Amendments slicing through the red tape for trade and business licenses were approved in the LA on Friday. According to Commerce Minister, Hon. Joey Hew the amendments to the Trade and Business law removes more than 50% of requirements for the licenses, effectively making it more easy for Caymanian business owners to get a license. Minister Hew says the amendments also has an aspect many may not fully be aware of. ” Those with multiple location on board will now have the ability to licence them all and renew them all under one licence with different categories annually as it is now if you multiple location you have to have multiple licences that expire at multiple times.” The bill does not have a commencement date as it has not yet been gazetted
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Britain's Prime Minister, Theresa May, speaks during the Conservative Party's Spring Forum in central London, Saturday, March 17, 2018. (Simon Dawson/Pool Photo via AP)
Britain's Prime Minister, Theresa May, speaks during the Conservative Party's Spring Forum in central London, Saturday, March 17, 2018. (Simon Dawson/Pool Photo via AP)
LONDON (AP) - Britain should consider postponing Brexit because there may not be enough time to strike a deal with the European Union before the U.K. leaves the bloc a year from now, a key committee of British lawmakers said Sunday.
The House of Commons Exiting the EU Committee said if major aspects of the future relationship with the EU remain unsettled by October, Britain should seek a "limited extension" of its EU membership.
Britain and the EU want a deal on future relations settled by the fall so national parliaments can approve it before Britain officially leaves the 28-nation bloc on March 29, 2019.
In a report published Sunday, the lawmakers said a proposed transition period of about two years should be able to be extended if needed. The two sides have agreed in principle that Britain will continue to remain part of the bloc's structures and rules until the end of 2020.
Seven pro-Brexit members of the 21-member, all-party committee refused to back the report, preparing an alternative version that took a more uncompromising tone toward the EU.
The majority-backed report said it is worrying that there has been "little progress" in solving the key issue of how to maintain an open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after Brexit.
Britain and the EU agree there must be no customs posts or other infrastructure along the all-but-invisible border, but the committee said Britain has yet to put forward credible proposals for how this could work.
"We know of no international border, other than the internal borders of the EU, that operates without checks and physical infrastructure," said the committee's chairman, Labour lawmaker Hilary Benn.
The pro-Brexit dissenters' alternative document accused the EU of taking an unhelpful approach to the border issue. They suggested that new technology and "streamlined" customs arrangements can deliver a frictionless border.
Rather than having Britain seek to extend its EU membership, the minority group said the U.K should walk away without a deal if talks bog down.
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case keychains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office, he felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the keychains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the keychains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative today alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
He says the idea is to have aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying aspirin keychains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
He also says it would be an "excellent idea" for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following his news conference, Nicholson handed a keychain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
"Love it," she said, adding, "You always know where your keys are."
By The Canadian Press
© AFP 2017/ Ed JONES 'North Korea Ready to React if US Opts for Military Actions'
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – The US Army has ordered the construction of two new bases in South Korea costing a total of more than $130 million, the Department of Defense said in a press release.
“Gilbane Federal [of] Concord, California was awarded a $133.4 million… contract for the construction of two facilities: US Forces Korea Operations Center, and Phase III Facility at US Army Garrison Humphreys,” the announcement stated on Monday.
Work on the contract will be performed in South Korea with an estimated completion date of May 2, 2020, the Department of Defense added.
What started as a small junior high basketball clinic has turned into one of the most popular high school camps in the state.
"We work on a lot of individual things to make ourselves better so I think that really helps everyone," said Belt senior basketball player Dani Urick.
Fairfield girls basketball coach Dustin Gordon and Belt girls basketball coach Jeff Graham started the camp as an alternative to some of the camps colleges run during the summer.
"We wanted to do something that was affordable for our whole team to go to an overnight, all day, all meals expense camp," Fairfield basketball coach Dustin Gordon said.
With an 8 to 1 camper to coach ratio, campers get endless feedback on their skills from a handful of different viewpoints.
"This camp is awesome for a fundamental camp. You're always learning," said Gonzaga basketball player and former Fairfield alum Jill Barta." Coach Graham and Coach Gordon do a phenomenal job. It's definitely one of the best camps I came to especially in Montana."
Some college players, like current Gonzaga hooper and former Fairfield alum Jill Barta even return to their hometowns to make sure the players are getting the best feedback possible.
"I grew up coming to this camp, five, six, seven years," Barta said.
"We try to give (the players) no downtime. We want the kids to go home extremely tired, well fed, and so far it's been well received," Gordon.
This camp also gives coaches a chance to work directly with their teams during the off-season.
"We try to get better in these 20 days, go hard for 20 days, and hopefully that gives us a good start come November," said Belt basketball coach Jeff Graham.
× American Express will no longer require a signature
Starting next April, you won't need to sign anything to make a purchase with an American Express card.
American Express announced the change Monday, saying it aims to create a more consistent and faster checkout experience.
“The payments landscape has evolved to the point where we can now eliminate this pain point for our merchants,” said Jaromir Divilek, an executive vice president for Amex. “Our fraud capabilities have advanced so that signatures are no longer necessary to fight fraud.”
American Express says it is the first card provider to make this change across the board, worldwide. It already stopped requiring U.S. merchants to collect signatures on purchases of less than $50. And there were different threshold amounts in other countries. In some regions outside the United States the use of signatures are already less common, according to the company.
“Having to sign a receipt can be a hassle for customers, and is not necessary to prevent fraud at the point of sale,” said Mike Cook, an assistant vice president at Walmart in a quote provided by American Express. He said the nation's largest retailer is pleased by the change, “which will promote a more seamless shopping and checkout experience for our customers.”
The industry has been moving away from signatures for some time. Modern credit cards have a computer chip that provides additional fraud prevention. And customers are already used to buying things online, and on their smartphones, without a signature.
PISCATAWAY, N.J. — Vincent Edward had 18 points, seven rebounds and eight assists, and No. 3 Purdue held on to beat Rutgers 78-76 on Saturday for a school-record 19th straight win.
Mathis Dakota scored 16 points, Carsen Edwards had 13 and P.J. Thompson added 12 points for the Boilermakers (23-2, 12-0 Big Ten).
Corey Sanders had 31 points and seven rebounds, and Deshawn Freeman added 14 points and nine rebounds for Rutgers (12-13, 2-10), which overcame a 15-point first-half deficit looked poised to pull off an upset at home.
Freeman's fastbreak dunk cut Purdue's lead to six, forcing Boilermakers coach Matt Painter to call a timeout with 15:29 to go. However, Matt Bullock corralled a defensive rebound on the ensuing possession and hit Sanders with an outlet pass and he made the fastbreak layup and the foul shot to pull the Scarlet Knights to 46-43.
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions. Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left, and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining, However, that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way.
Rutgers took a 3-0 lead on a Issa Thiam 3-pointer. Purdue tied it 29 seconds later after Thiam fouled P.J. Thompson on a 3-pointer. Carsen Edwards stole the ball and hit a layup on Rutgers' ensuing possession to give the Boilermakers their first lead. They led 38-27 at halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Purdue: The Boilermakers' winning streak is the longest in the nation and has them atop the conference standings. They'll look to improve their home winning streak to 22 — the third-longest in school history — when they host No. 17 Ohio State. A win would give them a bit of a cushion in what has become a three-team race for the Big Ten title between Purdue, Ohio State and No. 5 Michigan State.
Rutgers: Bruised and battered, Rutgers continues to struggle. With senior captain Mike Williams (ankle) out for the past two weeks and Eugene Omoruyi out for several weeks to recover from a knee injury suffered at Illinois, the undermanned Scarlet Knights fell to below .500 for the first time all season and have now lost five-straight, sitting alone at the bottom of the Big Ten.
UP NEXT
Monday at an Axios event in Chicago, Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D-IL) warned Democrats to not use the impeachment of President Donald Trump as a “political tool.”
When asked if impeachment was a good issue for Democrats in the 2018 midterm, Emanuel said, “I lived through the Clinton White House. This is a serious legal and consequential, non-political issue. And my view is, there's nothing there today that we know.”
He continued, “I am angry at what he has done. But it is a legal, constitutional standard. When we get to it, we collectively as a country will know it. As we did with Richard Nixon.”
Emanuel explained, “People know there's a standard and that standard hasn't been met. Even if you are really angry at this individual, our president. And I share that anger and frustration, but you don't just treat the principle or the policy standard of impeachment that is embedded in how we deal with something as a political tool. It's a constitutional standard and, when that standard has been met, we'll know about it.”
He added, “This is a case where the best politics is good policy.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's offer of political recognition and a ceasefire to Taliban narco-terrorists is the “best opportunity to end” the nearly 17-year-old war in Afghanistan, U.S. Gen. John Nicholson, the top commander of American and NATO troops, declared on Monday.
Speaking from U.S.-NATO mission headquarters in Afghanistan, Gen. Nicholson indicated, “The Afghan government's peace offer to the Taliban was an opportunity for the group to end the violence and join the peace process,” the Afghan outlet TOLO News reports.
The top U.S. General also said:
As you all know spontaneous social gatherings in support of the peace process are springing up around the entire country, up to 20 [of 34] provinces now. And this is all following the offer by his excellency President Ghani to the Taliban that he made at the Kabul peace process conference [in late February]. We hope that the Taliban, as the Afghan people, want peace and now is the best opportunity to end this war. So, in closing, I want to remind all of our Afghan friends here today and all Afghans that we are with you and we will stay with you to help deliver the peace and stability that this country deserves after so many years of hardship.
Nicholson's comments came during a ceremony to honor the late American historian and archeologist Nancy Dupree, who died in Afghanistan last year.
The United States has spent nearly a trillion dollars on the war in Afghanistan and lost 2,263 American service members, primarily at the hands of the Taliban. Terrorists have also maimed another 20,318 U.S. troops since the conflict began in October 2001.
The Taliban has refused Ghani's peace offer made in Kabul on February 28, which proposed a cease-fire, release of prisoners, the removal of sanctions, and recognition of the jihadist entity, believed to control or contest nearly half of Afghanistan, as a legitimate political group.
More recently, the Taliban refused the Afghan leader's offer to participate in the ongoing elections, insisting on its precondition before engaging in peace negotiations: the complete withdrawal of U.S.-NATO troops.
The United States has rejected the Taliban's condition, a move which appears to be on the same page with the many Americans who have grown tired of the war and wish U.S. troops to return home.
Gen. Nicholson has been pushing “reconciliation” between the Taliban an Kabul as a major tenet of U.S. President Donald Trump's strategy to end the Afghanistan war.
Taliban terrorists “cannot win” under the level of pressure Trump's strategy is applying on the terrorist group, the commander declared in November 2017.
“In the face of this pressure, the Taliban cannot win. Their choices are to reconcile, live in irrelevance, or die,” Nicholson proclaimed.
© The West Australian and Seven West Media (WA). All rights reserved.
The West Australian
Filming Monday's Shadowhunters season finale (Freeform, 8/7c) was a dream for star Katherine McNamara — even if the episode is basically one long nightmare for her character.
“These are the moments you dream of as an actress,” McNamara tells TVLine of filming the grueling episode. “They're emotionally exhausting and physically challenging, but you leave set everyday knowing that you put your all into it and you've left everything you have in those dailies.”
And it sounds like McNamara has plenty of reasons to feel exhausted, considering everything Clary & Co. endure in the final hour of Season 2.
“We shut down the biggest street in Toronto for a full day of shooting,” she says. “We had drones on set, we brought in cabs and buses and hot dog carts to create this environment of New York City, to build to this Avengers-style fight scene that's unlike anything we've ever seen on the show.”
And then there's that big ol' death that the promos have been warning us about. McNamara's lips are sealed, but at least she has a few suggestions for how fans can prepare themselves:
“I would definitely have a box of tissues ready, as well as a comfort food of your choice — ice cream, chocolate, whatever's going to make you feel better,” she says. “Honestly, I cried when I read the script. Then when we got to the moment on set, and I was acting with someone I'd been working with for years and we'd built this relationship, working towards this moment — things came out that weren't on the page. It's one of the first times we see Clary break, emotionally and physically, which is really exciting.”
Fortunately, it sounds like fans — at least those of the “Clace” variety — will be getting a few treats amid the finale's guaranteed chaos.
“Jace and Clary are finally on the same page for the first time in a long time,” McNamara notes. “Up until this point in the series, one of them has been avoiding or shutting down their feelings, but now they're both in a place where they're ready to explore this connection and put all of their emotions into this other person. They're more powerful [together] than anything this world has ever seen — which will become necessary as they go and fight Valentine.”
Your hopes for Monday's season finale? Drop 'em all in a comment below.
WARSAW (Sputnik) – Russia must prove that it has nothing with poisoning of ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter in the UK city of Salisbury, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.
Skripal and his daughter Yulia were found unconscious earlier in March on a bench at a shopping center in Salisbury, England. Both of them remain in a critical condition and are being treated for exposure to a chemical. The incident has already resulted in a diplomatic crisis in the Russian-UK relations.
“We believe that there is strong evidence that Russia is involved in that [incident] and now Russia must prove that this is not true,” Merkel said on Monday after talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
Morawiecki said that Poland was backing a strong EU response to the poisoning incident.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May said that it was "highly likely" that Russia was responsible for the Salisbury incident and later went on to announce a package of anti-Russia measures, including the expulsion of Russian diplomats from the country, and the suspension of bilateral contacts between London and Moscow.
The Russian Foreign Ministry refuted all the allegations and requested the UK Foreign Office to allow a joint investigation into the case. On Saturday, Russia announced retaliatory measures against the United Kingdom, declaring 23 employees of the UK Embassy in Moscow personae non gratae in response to London's move.
On Monday, the EU Foreign Affairs Council issued a statement saying it "takes extremely seriously" the United Kingdom's position on Russia's involvement in the Salisbury poisoning.
Bay Area filmmakers explore Cajun swamp rats in DocFest centerpiece
Photo: SF DocFest Thomas Gonzalez brings in a bounty of nutria in “Rodents of...
“Rodents of Unusual Size,” the San Francisco DocFest centerpiece on Saturday, June 9, spins the saga of the nutria, an invasive swamp rat, that is destroying Louisiana's wetlands. The Cajun flavor of the film will extend to the after-party, when the Bird Polk Street Second Line brass band will lead a parade to Bender's Bar.
“Nutria are the stuff of tall tales and wild rumors,” says Chris Metzler, who directed the documentary along with fellow Bay Area filmmakers Quinn Costello and Jeff Springer. “They are these mysterious creatures that lurk in the darkness.”
A short, animated sequence narrated by actor and New Orleans native Wendell Pierce (“The Wire,” “Selma,” “Suits”) reveals the history of the nutria in Louisiana. But most of “Rodents of Unusual Size” focuses on Louisianans' response to the invaders in the form of bounties, barbecues and ethically responsible fur. A principal character is hunter and fisherman Thomas Gonzalez, who has lost his Delacroix Island home to hurricanes on more than one occasion and whose existence is made more fragile by the burrowing animals that he hunts.
“There was just something so special and unique about the way people were responding to the crisis,” says Costello. “The rodents were the cause of these severe ecological impacts, but the way people were addressing it was so unique to that place. From the beginning, we knew it would be as much about the people as it is about the animals.”
“The people who live in south Louisiana and the nutria, they've carved out a place to live where most people wouldn't choose to live,” adds Metzler. “They've both been motivated by survival. I think one of the things Louisianans admire about the nutria is their persistence.”
“Rodents of Unusual Size,” 5 p.m., Roxie Theater, $13. http://sfindie.com
Filmmaker's debut: Los Altos writer/director Saila Kariat's drama “The Valley” makes its theatrical premiere Friday, June 8. Although it is her first feature, this story of a family left reeling after a daughter commits suicide has been more than 20 years in the making, since Kariat first came to the Bay Area.
“I moved here from the East Coast, from Fishkill, N.Y., pretty much an IBM town,” Kariat says. “I worked as an engineer here. The culture is quite different. ... Workaholism seems to be a badge of honor here.
“Then I raised two girls here. I watched what they went through with all the pressure of high school and just the general culture of hyper-competitiveness. And then, of course, we heard about Palo Alto, the cluster suicides. On a more personal level, I've been touched by suicide in my family. Not my immediate family, but it's touched our extended family.”
Kariat is also aware of the stigma attached to mental illness, particularly in the Asian community. It is something that she knows firsthand; her brother was schizophrenic.
His sorrow and suffering “kind of gave me the impetus to write the story,” Kariat says.
Kariat will take part in question-and-answer sessions on June 11 and 12 at the Aquarius theater in Palo Alto and June 13 and 14 at Opera Plaza in San Francisco. www.landmarktheatres.com
Film clips
•Among the highlights of the “Early Music on Film” series at Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive is the June 13 screening of the 35mm director's cut of Milos Forman's “Amadeus.” The series runs in conjunction with the Berkeley Festival & Exhibition through June 16. https://bampfa.org
•South Bay filmmaker Alejandro Adams' four features — “Around the Bay,” “Canary,” “Babnik” and “Amity” — are streaming on Amazon Prime. www.amazon.com
•“Zen for Nothing” screens at 4:15 p.m. Sunday, June 10, at the Smith Rafael Film Center with San Francisco Zen Center's Zesho Susan O'Connell and filmmaker Werner Penzel in attendance. https://rafaelfilm.cafilm.org
•“A World of Images” and “Trains & Flags” are short films that respond to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art exhibits “René Magritte: The Fifth Season” and “The Train: RFK's Last Journey.” All day Thursday, June 7, Gina and Stuart Peterson White Box, SFMOMA. www.sfmoma.org
Pam Grady is a San Francisco freelance writer.
Rangers general manager Jon Daniels said Sam Dyson's time on the disabled list will give him a chance to regroup but said Dyson's stuff is still good (Video by Stefan Stevenson).
Collingwood's Sarah D'Arcy is set to come under fire after an ugly kicking incident in the AFLW opener. Video: Twitter / Seven
Now I'll be honest, I didn't know these cute little guys even existed until today.
Fingerlings are super adorable and one of the most sought-after toys this holiday season, but these little robot monkeys are also among the hardest items to find on store shelves. The new Amazon Fingerlings come in four glittery varieties, each with a cute name: Sugar is white, Rose is pink, Amelia is turquoise and Kiki is purple.
You can buy three out of four of them right now on Amazon, through third-party re-sellers.
MORE
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A Philadelphia firefighter says he was drunk and making a “dumb joke” about the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, when he posted a picture of himself holding a torch and wearing a Confederate flag hat on Facebook.
John Deluisi tells WTXF-TV (http://bit.ly/2vWNOrO ) he uploaded the picture, which he captioned “Headed to VA,” in response to another post referencing the Charlottesville rally, where torch-carrying protesters decried the planned removal of a Confederate statue. Three people died amid the turmoil Saturday, including a 32-year-old woman who was part of a crowd of counter-protesters struck by a car.
The Philadelphia Fire Department says it is investigating Deluisi's post and could take disciplinary action.
Deluisi removed the picture. He apologized and said he is disappointed in himself.
___
Information from: WTXF-TV, http://www.foxphiladelphia.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HOUSTON (AP) — Houston quarterback Tom Savage was cleared to re-enter Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion, raising questions about the NFL's procedure for evaluating such injuries during games.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward .
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. He threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally his arm and pulled him away from the field. He could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
Coach Bill O'Brien said he was evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return, but that he was evaluated again after he returned because “because of what they saw,” without providing details of what that was.
“They try to make the best decision for the player,” O'Brien said. “Whatever they see and the testing that they do they try to make the best decision with the player and they weren't satisfied with the results of the second test so they decided to pull him, and that's when he went into the locker room.”
O'Brien was then asked if it was worrisome that Savage was allowed to return to the game when he had a concussion.
“I don't direct that. I don't direct that at all,” he said. “They just come to me and that's kind of where that's at. I don't have anything to do with that. All I do is coach.”
Several of Savage's teammates said they didn't notice anything different about him on the drive after he was injured, and T.J. Yates, who took over for him, said the same thing.
“When he got back to the sideline he seemed fine and coherent,” Yates said.
Savage and Yates are the only quarterbacks on Houston's roster, so they'll have to sign someone this week to back up Yates if Savage is unable to play on Sunday.
His injury is the latest setback for a team that has had more than its share of problems this year. Houston lost linebacker Brian Cushing for 10 games because of a suspension for performance enhancers. Defensive stars J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus both sustained season-ending injuries in Week 5.
Rookie Deshaun Watson took over at halftime of Houston's season-opener after Savage struggled and made the offense one of the NFL's most potent in six starts, but he tore his anterior cruciate ligament in practice on Nov. 2. The team suffered another blow on Nov. 19 when rookie running back D'Onta Foreman ruptured his left Achilles tendon.
The Texans (4-9) have gone 1-5 since Watson was injured to drop out of playoff contention after winning the AFC South title in each of the last two seasons.
“I've never been part of a team like this with this many injuries,” receiver DeAndre Hopkins said. “I mean, guys the go out back-to-back, so it's not something I don't think anyone in this locker room has dealt with before.”
Hopkins had 149 yards receiving and two touchdowns , but lost a fumble in the fourth quarter with the Texans down by 7. San Francisco added 41-yard field goal after that to secure the victory.
Yates, who was signed after Watson was injured, threw for 175 yards and two touchdowns in his first game since Nov. 16, 2015.
“He went into a tough spot and I thought he did some really good things,” O'Brien said. “The ball came out. Thought we really struggled to run the ball today. We could not run the ball and that really hurt us. I thought T.J. made some really nice plays.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SOLOLA, Guatemala (AP) — The law works as it has for centuries in the Guatemalan indigenous community of Solola: Townsfolk bring grievances and local authorities make rulings, usually with a speed unheard of in a country where justice is often delayed, if it comes at all.
At one recent weekly court session, Maria Micaela Panjoc, baby in arms, came with a request for paternity payments. Others sought help with land disputes. Andres Xelp wanted the judges to force his son to move back home.
The generally non-partisan leaders of local Mayan communities hear the cases, trying to find quick resolutions when they can and sometimes passing cases over to formal prosecutors when they cannot — as in the case of a young woman speaking the Kaqchikel language who said she'd been raped.
The Solola court alone handled 3,000 cases last year.
For generations, outsiders have looked down on indigenous law courts, as they have on the native cultures themselves. Some 40 percent of Guatemala's 17 million people identify themselves as indigenous and they are pushing for wider respect for the traditional ways in which their cultures deal with their differences, though opposition remains strong within the country's non-indigenous communities.
Guatemala's Constitutional Court already has accepted some rulings by indigenous courts and there's a move to formally amend the country's constitution to recognize them. An earlier measure to do that came two votes short in congress, with opposition coming from conservatives and from business interests that said they feared legal confusion if different systems co-exist.
Members of congress on Wednesday are scheduled to discuss the proposed constitutional amendment to recognize indigenous justice as part of the country's judicial system. At least 105 of 158 legislators must approve the proposal for it to pass.
The idea has gained support from national Attorney General Thelma Aldana, as well as Ivan Velaszuqez, who heads the U.N. Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala that has been assisting in corruption investigations in the country.
“Guatemala has to be a place where all its inhabitants belong,” said Velazquez, who visited Solola to view the court process.
The formal legal system has often exploited or ignored indigenous Guatemalans, who were legally required to perform forced labor well into the 20th century and who generally found it nearly impossible to pay for lawyers. Even now, only 10 percent of the country's townships have prosecutors' offices.
In Solola, Mayor Tomas Saloj presided over hearings in a town hall decorated with the 20 figures representing the Mayan calendar — 20 days per month, 18 months per year. On the table that served as the judge's bench were a candle and a glass of water, an invitation for the wisdom of dead ancestors to enter.
Punishments can include restitution, community labor, banishment or whippings: Two braided leather whips hang in the Solola town hall as a reminder.
Agustin Bocel, a town spokesman, recalled a case of attempted rape in which the attacker was sentenced to nine lashes of a whip — at the insistence of his own mother, one for each month she carried him, to remind him of the shame he caused her. Bocel said the man has never caused problems again.
Tomas Guarcas, the mayor of nearby Pixabaj, defended the practice.
“Whipping is a punishment that is like educating children, without violating human rights,” he said, adding that the punishment is usually applied by “by one of the offender's relatives, the mother, father or in-laws.”
Indigenous Congressman Amilcar Pop said the use of floggings is increasingly discouraged, however.
“This type of mechanism is something that has to be controlled and avoided,” Pop said.
Aldana, the attorney general, said she sees no contradiction between the indigenous system and the formal courts. The indigenous courts, she said, “have helped maintain the peace” and helped “reduce pressure on the regular justice system and its budget.”
Victoria Chuj is one of just three women among the 71 mayors in the province of Solola, of which the town of Solola is part. She carries her wooden staff — the badge of her authority, decorated with four tokens representing the four directions — with pride.
“The staff has to be good and straight so that, like justice, it cannot be bent,” Chuj said.
AMES, Iowa (AP) — Donovan Jackson scored 25 points, including a career-high seven 3s, Cameron Lard had 15 points with 11 rebounds and Iowa State held off Alcorn State 78-58 on Sunday for its seventh straight win.
Lindell Wigginton scored 16 points for the Cyclones (7-2), who were forced to rally from an early 9-point deficit against arguably the worst team on their schedule.
The Cyclones, fresh off an emotional home win over rival Iowa, were sluggish — to say the least — from the opening tip. Alcorn State (2-8) took advantage, knocking down four of their first five tries from 3-point range for a 14-5 lead.
Though Iowa State eventually grabbed a slim lead, Dante Sterling's 4-point play with 55.4 seconds left in the first half helped the Braves stay within 33-32 by the break.
Iowa State opened the second half on a 15-3 run, highlighted by 3s from Jackson and Wigginton, to push its lead to 48-35 with 15:33 left. The Cyclones held a comfortable lead for the rest of the game, outscoring the overwhelmed Braves 45-26 in the second half.
Devon Brewer scored 15 points for Alcorn State.
THE BIG PICTURE:
Iowa State: This edition of the Cyclones isn't good enough to play unfocused basketball and expect to win — and never was that more evident than on Sunday. Creighton beat this same Alcorn State team by 37, and UNI beat the Braves by 28.
Alcorn State: The Braves haven't beaten a Division I school in non-conference play since 2012, so this result was hardly a shocker. Alcorn State was also without star senior Reginald Johnson, the preseason SWAC Player of the Year. He broke his right leg last week in a loss at Tulane and is expected to be out for the season.
UP NEXT
Iowa State and Northern Iowa will square off on Saturday in Des Moines.
Alcorn State hosts Fisk on Tuesday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
As I was tooling around town listening to SiriusXM Satellite Radio today, I was unable to hear parts of songs – or worse, large portions of stand-up comedy from John Mulaney – so I figured I better do a followup to the reception-problem column I wrote a few months ago.
Here's what has transpired since that previous column: absolutely nothing.
Unfortunately, I put the issue on the backburner for a few reasons … primarily that reception in my area seemed to improve for a time … but now it seems it is as bad as ever.
Perhaps worse. Time to follow up.
Here are the zones in which I personally experience consistent reception troubles with both the original XM satellites and repeaters, as well as the newer SiriusXM system:
• The 29000 block of South Western Avenue in San Pedro/RPV• Westmont Drive in San Pedro• The 405 Freeway South of the 605• The 405 near LAX
Readers of this column have offered other problem areas as well:
• Artesia Blvd and Aviation, Redondo Beach• Artesia and Inglewood, Redondo Beach• 110 Harbor Freeway near the LA Convention Center• Gaffey Street between the 110 offramp and 1st Street, San Pedro• The 405 between Manhattan Beach and Wilshire Blvd.• Santa Monica Blvd. West of the 405 traveling to and from Beverly Hills• The 55 Freeway between Dyer and Edinger• The Ventura freeway between Reseda and Balboa Blvd• Harbor Blvd. in Fullerton• The 91 Freeway in Fullerton• Magnolia and Garfield in Huntington Beach• The 210 Freeway near Azusa Avenue• The open plains of both Texas and Oklahoma
There are more, but you get the idea. One reader wrote that there are too many to list and that the problem makes the service unusable.
Interestingly, I never had the reception problems I have now when I was using a radio that picked up the old, original Sirius system. That may be a clue. Astute readers also noticed that in areas of bad reception, they notice cell towers. Certified Communications Engineer Bob Burchett of Enterprise Electronics brought up the cell-tower connection as well, pointing out that this has actually been an issue for a number of years.
“I recall the fight Sirius and XM had with the FCC over use of frequencies in the service for terrestrial coverage to augment the satellite service,” Burchett explained. “They wanted more; the FCC wanted them to use less of it and reduce power. That was some years ago.”
So while I will be forwarding this column to Sirius/XM engineers for comment, I believe the issue is this:
The original XM and newer SiriusXM systems use satellites, of course, but rely (more than perhaps they should) on terrestrial repeaters to help provide consistent reception both in cars and indoors. The problem is that some cell towers operate on the same frequency, and a phenomenon called “intermodulation” creates a third signal out of the two already there that wreaks havoc on the radio service.
My hunch: The original Sirius system relied more on direct satellite reception, and was less prone to interference of this type.
Basically, the signal is there … the radios just can't see it. SiriusXM, AT&T and T-Mobile are all supposedly working to fix the issue. But as cell towers proliferate, satellite radio reception deteriorates. And all of the companies want the others to pay for the fix.
As I said, I am contacting SiriusXM engineers for their take on the issue; if/when I hear something I will let you know.
Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence could be staring at a hefty fine for his rant against officials after Sunday's game.
Lawrence used some colorful language to express his displeasure with the lack of holding penalties called against opposing offensive linemen and tight ends in recent weeks.
“The refs are out there for nothing so we just came out and did our job,” said Lawrence, who ranks second in the league with 13 1/2 sacks. “I didn't see a holding call in the last five games and it's ridiculous that the refs are out here just looking at me getting tackled by offensive linemen. It's like, ‘C'mon, if you're going to be out here, do your job.'
“I have a family to come home to. If you're trying to protect quarterbacks, you've got to protect me too. If you're going to do it, you have to do it on both sides. If you're going to call some BS on my O-line, you got to call on their O-line too.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Those comments likely won't sit well with the league and Lawrence is subject to a fine. The question is how much.
The league has no sliding scale such as the collectively bargained fine schedule for on-field violations such as taunting or hits to the head. A verbal or non-physical offense against an official during a game carries a fine of $24,309.
More Videos 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants Pause 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:53 Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 28-17 win over the Chiefs 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 1:26 Jeff Banister talks about prospects of a six-man rotation 4:25 Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants The Dallas Cowboys found enough big plays, including a 50-yard touchdown catch by Dez Bryant and a 54-yard reception by Cole Beasley to pull away against the New York Giants 30-10 at Met Life Stadium. Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants The Dallas Cowboys found enough big plays, including a 50-yard touchdown catch by Dez Bryant and a 54-yard reception by Cole Beasley to pull away against the New York Giants 30-10 at Met Life Stadium. Mark Hoffer mhoffer@star-telegram.com
A year ago, the NFL fined Redskins cornerback Josh Norman $25,000 for criticizing officials in a postgame interview. In a letter to Norman informing him of his fine, the league stated that Commissioner Roger Goodell determined he engaged in conduct “detrimental to the integrity of, or public confidence in, the game of professional football.”
So Lawrence could be subject to a fine in that $25,000 range, although the league sometimes gives players more leeway in their postgame remarks because of the emotions involved immediately after.
Either way, Lawrence appears to have no regrets for his strong words.
On his Twitter account, @TankLawrence, he wrote: “Film don't lie!!!!!#SorryNotSorry.”
The previous post on his Twitter account was a similar rant by Steelers safety Mike Mitchell.
Even though Lawrence is in the midst of a career year, he has been slowed of late. He has just three sacks in the last six games after starting the season with 10 1/2 in the first seven. The Cowboys didn't sack Giants quarterback Eli Manning on Sunday, and haven't had sacks in three of their last four games.
The Star-Telegram reached out to the NFL for a response to Lawrence's comments that has yet to be returned.
Coach Jason Garrett attempted to downplay Lawrence's rant, saying he hadn't seen it during his Monday news conference.
Garrett danced around a question whether Lawrence had a fair point about the lack of holding penalties. The Cowboys' D-line has drawn just two holding penalties in the past 10 games. In that same stretch, Cowboys offensive linemen and tight ends have been called for 18 holds.
The Giants were called for one holding penalty on Sunday, and the Redskins were also flagged once in the previous game. But the Cowboys had a stretch of eight games where no holding penalties were called on opposing linemen or tight ends.
More Videos 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants Pause 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:53 Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 28-17 win over the Chiefs 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 1:26 Jeff Banister talks about prospects of a six-man rotation 4:25 Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J. Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
“It's not something that I really want to talk about, other than to say we always have good dialogue with the league on things that we have issues about,” Garrett said. “They do a great job allowing us to communicate with them. On this issue and other issues, we try to communicate with them and maybe get to the bottom of it. But it's our job to coach and play, it's their job to officiate.”
By The Associated Press
MIAMI (AP) — Tropical Storm Gert continues to strengthen in the Atlantic Ocean, with swells expected to soon begin affecting portions of the U.S. East Coast.
The National Hurricane Center said Gert was centered about 455 miles (735 kilometers) west-southwest of Bermuda Monday evening and had maximum sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kph). It is moving north at 8 mph (13 kph).
Gert is expected to become a hurricane Monday night.
A gradual turn toward the northeast with an increase in forward speed is forecast for Tuesday night.
Swells generated by Gert will begin to affect portions of Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast — from North Carolina to New York — over the next couple of days.
The Hurricane Center says these swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CLEVELAND, Oh (CBSN) — An Ohio man claimed to be angry at a woman when, authorities say, he shot and killed an elderly passerby Sunday afternoon, then posted video of the murder on Facebook. Police urge the suspect to turn himself in. He remains at large early Monday, and police are widening their manhunt.
Law enforcement officials identify the suspect as Steve Stephens, and Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams says officers were searching for him in the Cleveland area and beyond.
The victim has been identified as 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr.
Police say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Late Sunday, police issued an aggravated murder warrant for him and say in a statement he may have traveled out of state. Residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan, in particular, are asked to be on the alert and told not to approach Stephens if they spot him.
AGGRAVATED MURDER WARRANT ISSUED FOR STEVE STEPHENS, BM 37 https://t.co/gvJpqaCOPb pic.twitter.com/v8Jkcmb4cy — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Police say they are searching for a white Ford Fusion that belongs to Stephens. Chief Williams says the car was recently purchased and the plates could have been switched. Police announce the car had an Ohio temporary tag E363630.
UPDATE Homicide suspect Steve Stephens' actual vehicle has Ohio Temp tag E363630 pic.twitter.com/tE3r5u4BNN — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
The FBI is assisting in the investigation.
In a statement Sunday night, Facebook says the suspect did go live on the social media site at one point during the day, but not during the killing. Police earlier Sunday had said Stephens had broadcasted the murder on Facebook Live.
In the video, which appeared shaky, Stephens got out of his car and randomly targeted Godwin, who was holding a shopping bag. Stephens said the name of a woman, whom Godwin didn't seem to recognize.
“She's the reason that this is about to happen to you,” Stephens told Godwin before pointing a gun at him. Godwin can be seen shielding his face with the shopping bag.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson publicly urges Stephens to turn himself in to police and not to “do any more harm to anybody.”
“Any problems he is having, we can have a conversation,” Jackson says.
In a separate video, Stephens claims to have killed more than a dozen other people. Williams says police have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
“There are no more victims that we know are tied to him,” he says.
The chief also says investigators have been talking with family members and friends of Stephens, who is employed at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland.
“We are shocked and horrified and we don't know anything more about it,” agency spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer tells CBS Cleveland affiliate WOIO-TV. “We hope and pray that he is arrested as soon as possible and we hope and pray for a resolution quickly.”
It was not immediately known what Stephens does for the agency. Its website says it will serve more than 18,000 children and families this year.
Joy Lane, Stephens' longtime partner, broke her silence on the shooting in a text message to CBS News.
“We had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened. My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim(s). Steve really is a nice guy… he is generous with everyone he knows. He was kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family Please respect our privacy at this time.”
A man who spoke with WOIO says the victim was his father.
“He was a good guy. He would give you the shirt off his back,” he said. “I'm not just saying that for these cameras. … This man, right here, was a good man and I hate that he's gone.”
I just spoke with a man and woman who said the man killed in the FB live video was their 78 year old father @cleveland19news pic.twitter.com/Gpf3EUafLM — Shanice (@ShaniceDunning) April 16, 2017
WOIO obtained photos of Godwin Sr. from his family. They had Easter dinner together shortly before he was slain.
The video of the killing was up on Facebook for about three hours before it was removed. Stephens' Facebook page also has been removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” says a spokesperson for Facebook. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
The leaves changing colour on the trees are a sign that it's almost the start of the new season at Cheltenham Racecourse.
Slowly but surely, quality horses have started to appear in entries at other tracks and in just over three weeks' time, a fine selection will be turned out at the Home of Jump Racing.
Trainers and jockeys are always keen have their first outings and test their big hopes on the run-up to The Festival next March.
Racing has thrilled crowds in Cheltenham since 1815 and throughout the year the track will welcome more than 700,000 visitors.
Two years on from the launch of its £45million redevelopment of the course and it has never looked better.
Prize money at Cheltenham exceeds £6 million throughout the season and here are some of the meetings where it will be won this autumn:
The Showcase
October 27-28
A Friday and Saturday growing in popularity every year, with the first battles on the racecourse not the only highlight.
This meeting has established a special Food and Drink Zone, showcasing fine products from the South West.
Those signed up include Pie and Mighty Pies, British Polo Gin, The Old Chapel Fudge Company and Glastonbury Cheese.
Horse racing artist Darren Bird and Cheltenham Face Painting will also be providing plenty of entertainment, along with roving band The Hipcats.
Friday: Opens 12.00, First race 2.00, Last race 5.30
Saturday: Opens 11.50, First race 2.00, Last race 5.30
Tickets from £10 (Best Mate enclosure)
*Children of 17 years and younger receive FREE entry to the racecourse at all meetings apart from The Festival in March
The November Meeting
November 17-19
A three-day feast of racing action and for many dedicated fans their favourite meeting at Cheltenham of the whole year.
Think Irish visitors coming over in their droves, a bustling shopping village and an extended weekend to enjoy in a town steeped in history.
Countryside Day (Friday), BetVictor Gold Cup Day (Saturday) and The November Meeting Sunday each have a unique feel.
From the Basset Hounds on the members' lawn on the first day rousing one of the most popular days at the track outside of The Festival, with the BetVictor Gold Cup, proceedings are more relaxed on the only Sunday the track hosts.
For more than two decades, the Friday has raised money for the Countryside Alliance and Injured Jockeys Fund.
The main race on the Saturday is backed up by quality contests over the three days including The Glenfarclas Cross Country Handicap Steeplechase, Sky Bet Supreme Trial Novices' Hurdle and The StanJames.com Greatwood Hurdle Race.
Live music at various vantage points comes from the likes of the Hip Cats, Lucky 15's and The Chip Shop Boys, who will continue the party after racing.
Exhibitors in the Shopping Village include the stylish Fairfax & Favor, the customisable Will Bees Bespoke and the adventurous Bredon Hill Shooting.
Friday: Opens 10.40, First race 12.40, Last race 3.35
Saturday: Opens 10.40, First race 12.40, Last race 4.00
Sunday: Opens 11.15, First race 1.15, Last race 4.00
Restaurant packages are from £120 for this meeting. On the Sunday all Under-12s eat free (excluding the Panoramic and with two adults paying. Subject to availability)
Tickets from £10 (Best Mate enclosure, £14 on BetVictor Gold Cup day)
The International Meeting
December 15-16
Festive fun on the Friday as racegoers are treated to the finale of the Crystal Cup, a series of unique races across Europe which encaptures and celebrates the rich heritage of the sport.
With Christmas fast approaching, it is the perfect time to entertain friends, family or clients.
The International Meeting offers far more than just racing with a range of dining and hospitality options- and post-racing entertainment continues celebrations in The Centaur.
The Big Office Christmas Party features music from The Chip Shop Boys and a huge variety of carefully selected trade stands give attendees the chance to finish off their present shopping.
Top of the list on the racing front is Saturday's StanJames.com International Hurdle, won last year by crowd favourite and three-times winner The New One.
The Caspian Caviar Gold Cup is the big betting race of the two-day fixture.
Friday: Opens 10:10, First race 12:10pm, Last race 3:40pm
Saturday: Opens 10:10, First race 12:10pm, Last race 3:40pm
Tickets from £10 (Best Mate enclosure, £12 on the Saturday)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lanxess (Germany), Royal Dutch Shell plc (the Netherlands), Total S.A. (France), Eni S.p.A. (Italy), Gazpromneft Lubricants (Russia), ATDM (Iran), ATDM (Iran), Halliburton (U.S.), Nynas (Sweden), CPC Coproration (China). This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-treated-distillate-aromatic-extracts-tdae-market/10366/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Low Purity, Middle Purity, High Purity.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Tires & Tubes, Belting & Hoses, Battery Containers, Extruded Products, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-treated-distillate-aromatic-extracts-tdae-market/10366/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Even before Flynn's fall, Russian analysts had been avidly discussing whether President Trump is the new Viktor Yanukovych — who failed to stop a color revolution at his doorstep. The Made in USA color revolution by the axis of Deep State neocons, Democratic neoliberalcons and corporate media will be pursued, relentlessly, 24/7. But more than Yanukovych, Trump might actually be remixing Little Helmsman Deng Xiaoping: “crossing the river while feeling the stones”. Rather, crossing the swamp while feeling the crocs.
Flynn out may be interpreted as a Trump tactical retreat. After all Flynn may be back — in the shade, much as Roger Stone. If current deputy national security advisor K T McFarland gets the top job – which is what powerful Trump backers are aiming at – the shadowplay Kissinger balance of power, in its 21st century remix, is even strengthened; after all McFarland is a Kissinger asset.
This call won't self-destruct in five seconds
Flynn worked with Special Forces; was head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA); handled highly classified top secret information 24/7. He obviously knew all his conversations on an open, unsecure line were monitored. So he had to have morphed into a compound incarnation of the Three Stooges had he positioned himself to be blackmailed by Moscow.
What Flynn and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak certainly discussed was cooperation in the fight against ISIS/ISIL/Daesh, and what Moscow might expect in return: the lifting of sanctions. US corporate media didn't even flinch when US intel admitted they have a transcript of the multiple phone calls between Flynn and Kislyak. So why not release them? Imagine the inter-galactic scandal if these calls were about Russian intel monitoring the US ambassador in Moscow.
© Flickr/ Steve Rhodes WikiLeaks Wants to Make Contents of Flynn's Talks With Russian Ambassador Public
No one paid attention to the two key passages conveniently buried in the middle of this US corporate media story. 1) "The intelligence official said there had been no finding inside the government that Flynn did anything illegal.” 2) "…the situation became unsustainable – not because of any issue of being compromised by Russia – but because he [Flynn] has lied to the president and the vice president.”
Recap: nothing illegal; and Flynn not compromised by Russia. The “crime” – according to Deep State factions: talking to a Russian diplomat.
Vice-President Mike Pence is a key piece in the puzzle; after all his major role is as insider guarantor – at the heart of the Trump administration — of neocon Deep State interests. The CIA did leak. The CIA most certainly has been spying on all Trump operatives. Flynn though fell on his own sword. Classic hubris; his fatal mistake was to strategize by himself – even before he became national security advisor. “Mad Dog” Mattis, T. Rex Tillerson – both, by the way, very close to Kissinger — and most of all Pence did not like it one bit once they were informed.
A “man of very limited abilities”
Flynn was already compromised by his embarrassingly misinformed book co-written with neocon Michael Ledeen, as well as his juvenile Iranophobia. At the same time, Flynn was the point man to what would have been a real game-changer; to place the CIA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff under White House control.
A highly informed US source I previously called “X”, who detailed to Sputnik how the Trump presidency will play out, is adamant “this decision makes Trump look independent. It is all going according to script.”
“X” stresses how “the NSA can penetrate any telephone system in the world that is not secure. Flynn was a man of very limited abilities who talked too much. You never hear from the real powers in intelligence nor do you know their names. You can see that in Flynn's approach to Iran. He was disrupting a peace deal in the Middle East relating to Russia, Iran and Turkey in Syria. So he had to go.”
© AFP 2016/ Eduardo Munoz Alvarez Obama Administration Supporters Led Secret Campaign to Discredit Flynn
“X” adds, “the Russians are not stupid to talk among themselves on unsecured lines, they assumed that Flynn controlled his own lines. Flynn was removed not because of his Russian calls but for other reasons, some of which have to do with Iran and the Middle East. He was a loose cannon even from the intelligence perspective. This is a case of misdirection away from the true cause.”
In direct opposition to “X”, an analytical strand now rules there's blood on the tracks; the hyenas are circling; a vulnerable Trump has lost his mojo; and he also lost his foreign policy. Not yet.
In the Grand Chessboard, what Flynn's fall spells out is just a pawn out of the game because the King would not protect him. We will only know for sure “draining the swamp” – the foreign policy section – is doomed if neocons and neoliberalcons continue to run riot; if neoliberalcons are not fully exposed in their complicity in the rise of ISIS/ISIL/Daesh; and if the much vaunted possibility of a détente with Russia flounders for good.
What's certain is that the fratricide war between the Trump administration and the most powerful Deep State factions will be beyond vicious. Team Trump only stands a chance if they are able to weaponize allies from within the Deep State. As it stands, concerning the Kissinger grand design of trying to break the Eurasian “threat” to the unipolar moment, Iran is momentarily relieved; Russia harbors no illusions; and China knows for sure that the China-Russia strategic partnership will become even stronger. Advantage swamp.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is made an evening visit to the hospital where a US congressman who was critically wounded Wednesday at baseball practice is receiving treatment.
Trump arrived around 8:45 p.m. ET for the surprise visit to Medstar Washington Hospital Center, where Rep. Steve Scalise, the number three House Republican, underwent surgery earlier Wednesday for wounds sustained in the shooting, which took place outside Washington.
He was accompanied on the evening trip by his wife, first lady Melania Trump. The couple brought flowers for the injured lawmaker.
The hospital said after the surgery that Scalise remained in critical condition. A US Capitol Police officer who was also hurt in the gun attack was also receiving treatment at the facility, situated about three miles northeast of the White House.
Ahead of his visit, a White House official said Trump may only be able to visit Scalise's family, which has gathered at the facility, since the lawmaker himself remains critically ill.
Earlier Wednesday, Trump called for unity across party lines during a subdued statement from the White House. He avoided issuing partisan blame for the attack, which was carried out by an assailant who had expressed anger at Trump's election and support for Democratic candidates.
It's the first major domestic incident that has prompted a response from Trump, who spoke straight into the camera during his brief statement from the Diplomatic Reception Room. During his remarks, Trump disclosed that the shooter had died, the first confirmation from any official of the death.
His appearance was shorter than his predecessor's post-shooting statements, and did not contain political overtures, as President Barack Obama's reactions often did. But Trump did strike a similar tone of solemnity, which has become rare during his public appearances until this point.
“Everyone on that field is a public servant — our courageous police, our congressional aides who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion, and our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people,” Trump said.
“We may have our differences, but we do well, in times like these, to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country.”
The following Dec. 11, 2017 crime report was supplied by LAPD Senior Lead Officer Michael Moore of the West L.A. Division. Arrests do not indicate a conviction.
BURGLARY/THEFT FROM VEHICLE
China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
“After that, entry of these goods will be prohibited,” said an agency statement.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between Trump and Kim's government. Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” while Pyongyang threatened to fire four missiles into waters near the U.S. territory of Guam.
The latest U.N. sanctions are intended to block North Korean exports worth $1 billion — a significant share of total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
China stopped importing North Korean coal in February but total trade has risen, which prompted U.S. President Donald Trump to accuse Beijing in July of failing to use its economic leverage to stop Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Beijing had long been Pyongyang's only diplomatic defender but agreed in March 2016 to sanctions against the North following its test of a long-range missile.
Still, Chinese leaders oppose blocking all trade with the impoverished North, which they argue might cause widespread hunger.
The Chinese import cut will come the week of Foundation Day on Sept. 9, the North Korean holiday commemorating the founding of the country's government in 1948.
North Korean imports of Chinese oil, consumer goods and other products rose 36.7 percent from a year earlier in the first half of this year to 1.1 billion yuan ($165 million), according to Chinese customs data. Chinese imports from the North fell 7.6 percent in the same period to 611 million yuan ($91 million), squeezing the North's revenue.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Furman-North Carolina Box
NORTH CAROLINA 84, FURMAN 56
FURMAN (7-3)
Carter 2-12 2-2 6, Duncan 0-2 0-0 0, Jackson 2-4 5-5 9, Davidson 5-13 0-0 13, Oramas 0-8 0-0 0, Donovan 0-0 0-0 0, Taborn 8-11 7-10 24, Tompkins 0-2 0-0 0, Hunter 0-2 0-2 0, Outten 1-3 2-2 4, Sellinger 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 18-57 16-21 56.
NORTH CAROLINA (8-2)
Murray 2-8 2-2 6, Bailey 5-15 2-3 12, Cherry 3-9 0-0 8, Kea 8-12 0-0 20, Koenen 8-15 0-0 16, Van Nes 3-4 0-0 6, Church 2-3 0-0 6, Jones 3-5 1-1 7, Roberts 0-0 0-0 0, Smith 1-1 0-0 3, Totals 35-72 5-6 84.
Furman 9 11 22 14 —56 North Carolina 21 30 13 20 —84
3-Point Goals_Furman 4-18 (Carter 0-5, Davidson 3-10, Oramas 0-1, Taborn 1-2), North Carolina 9-20 (Murray 0-1, Cherry 2-6, Kea 4-6, Koenen 0-3, Church 2-3, Smith 1-1). Assists_Furman 14 (Oramas 8), North Carolina 23 (Kea 9). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Furman 29 (Carter 6), North Carolina 46 (Murray 12). Total Fouls_Furman 10, North Carolina 15. A_2,268.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It doesn't look like winter is giving up easily.
Storms with large hail and damaging winds are smacking the Southeast on this last day of winter, according to the National Weather Service. About 20 million people are in the path of these severe storms, and the areas most at risk are parts of Tennessee, northeastern Mississippi, northern Alabama and northwest Georgia, according to CNN meteorologist Haley Brink.
The bull's-eye of this storm is northern Alabama, CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said. In a 4 p.m. press conference, Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey said the state is "not taking this situation lightly."
"My team and I have been monitoring this system throughout the day," she said. "The exact locations of where these storms will form are unpredictable."
The NWS said that "a large and extremely dangerous" tornado had developed near Russellville, Alabama.
The area between southern Tennessee and northern Florida has a slight risk of being impacted by this storm.
The main impact of this system, Brink said, includes tornadoes, very strong, large hail and damaging winds. It's expected to hit Monday evening and continue overnight. Tuesday will mostly see a wind threat, Ward said.
As the weather in the South clears up, the mid-Atlantic and New England will be bracing for the fourth nor'easter to hit the region in less than three weeks.
Track the storm here
Forecast models are saying the low pressure system could move toward the coast, which would bring snow to Washington, DC, New York City, Boston, and possibly Portland, Maine, Brink said. Areas of the mid-Atlantic could see some snowfall as early as Monday night, she said, and snow is likely to keep falling Tuesday through Wednesday. Boston could get 2-4 inches of snow and 3-6 inches could fall on Washington, DC, Brink said.
However, the system's exact path is still uncertain and should become clearer in the next 24 hours, Ward said. At this point, Ward said, the question is whether the system will continue east toward the coast or travel north. If it veers north, there will be significant snow in New England, but if it goes eastward, it'll mean less snow for the region.
New England is still reeling from last week's storm, which the weather service declared a blizzard. Before that, a storm dropped heavy, wet snow in areas west of Interstate 95 and left one person dead in New York state.
On March 2, a nor'easter that morphed into a "bomb cyclone" slammed much of the Northeast with heavy snow and rain, hurricane-force wind gusts and significant coastal flooding. The storm left six people dead from falling trees, and about 900,000 customers lost power.
Nor'easters aren't uncommon for New England during this time of year, CNN meteorologist Jenn Varian said. They can occur any time of year, but they're strongest from September to April.
Mandurah has an image problem that could be costing it tourism dollars.
According to new consumer research, the city is perceived to be too urban, too close to Perth and with “little to see and do”.
The research, commissioned by the Mandurah and Peel Tourism Organisation and released yesterday, involved online and face-to-face interviews with visitors and potential visitors.
Mandurah ranked eighth among the respondents as a short-break destination, behind Margaret River, Albany, Perth, Busselton, Broome, Esperance and Bunbury.
But the research found that Mandurah's image was tainting the entire Peel region.
“Mandurah is perceived to have little to see and do — outside of beaches and waterways,” the report said. “Those who had visited found it ‘nice' but felt they had experienced it all.
“Most Perth residents associated the region with water activities — crabbing, fishing, boating — and little else.
“Perth residents view Mandurah as ‘just another suburb'.
“They feel it's too urban and built up now, which detracts from the holiday vibe they're seeking.”
Knowledge of other Peel destinations, including Dwellingup, Pinjarra and Waroona, also needed to be increased to show that the region was more than just Mandurah.
Despite the negative perceptions, Mandurah still experienced a record-high visitation rate, with one in five people visiting friends and relatives.
And when The West Australian spoke to locals yesterday, the view was unanimous — there is no better getaway location in WA.
“It has everything — why would you go anywhere else,” long-time resident Peter said.
“It's relaxing, beautiful, a great place to chill out. That's why we live here.”
Local grandmother Karen Green said that Mandurah had a lot to offer residents and visitors.
“It literally has something for everyone — lots of different things,” she said.
“It's great for kids and there are lots of shops, cafes and restaurants, all within an easy walking distance.”
The research found that the Peel region had two key selling points — its close proximity to Perth and the diversity of its attractions.
“The short travel time makes it a convenient day-trip or short-break destination,” it said.
“However, the close proximity means it's ‘too close' to feel like a holiday.
“Once educated on the region, Perth residents were amazed at the wide range of things there were to see and do in the region.”
MAPTO chief executive Karen Priest said the report showed “we have work to do” in letting people know about the attractions and amenities in the region and encouraging them to stay longer than just a day.
“Mandurah and the Peel region has come of age, offering award-winning waterfront dining, aquatic and nature-based adventures, world-class golf courses and plenty of places to shop,” she said.
“But there are lagging perception issues, which this research shows, that we need to overcome.”
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Kansas forward Udoka Azubuike withdrew his name from the NBA draft on Wednesday, choosing to return for his junior season after participating in the combine.
The 7-footer from Nigeria started 34 games last season, averaging 13 points and seven rebounds. He shot 77 per cent from the field, a Big 12 record and the best mark in the nation.
Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man, and scouts have wondered how his skills would transfer to the NBA. The league's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against his strengths, and developing an outside shot will likely be an emphasis at Kansas.
Azubuike said in a statement that he received "good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month." He did not hire an agent and had until Wednesday's deadline to withdraw.
A MOTHER and her five children are still in shock after a blaze tore through their family home on Saturday night.
Now, thanks to the help of Logan House Fire Support Network, the Ipswich family is starting to get their lives back together.
READ MORE: Mum and five kids left with nothing after fire
The family, who had no contents insurance, will move into a new home in Darra on Monday with very few possessions.
Louie Naumovski of Logan House Fire Support Network said his organisation had some basic clothing and furniture for them, but would need donations once they moved into their new home.
"Once we have settled them in we will know what they need," he said.
"The Ipswich community is always generous. If people want to donate gift vouchers and food in the meantime we will certainly pass that on."
Photos View Photo Gallery
Mr Naumovski said the family were "doing ok" but the reality of losing everything was still sinking in.
"The mum has lost all of her cards, like her licence and Medicare card, so we are slowly helping her get her identity back," he said.
"That's the hardest part when you've lost everything, you can't prove who you are.
"The family is looking forward to next week when her kids can have somewhere to sleep, sit down and get back to normal life."
Work started today on the second stage of the new mountain bike trail alongside the Chapman River.
Walking and cycling trails on the south side of river, between the Northwest Coastal Highway and Tersonia Way in Strathalbyn, have been closed while the work is under way.
The City of Greater Geraldton said the trails would be closed for about three weeks.
For more information, call (08) 9956 6600 or email council@cgg.wa.gov.au.
New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) is fouled by Chicago Bulls guard Antonio Blakeney (9) during the second quarter of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson)
New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) is fouled by Chicago Bulls guard Antonio Blakeney (9) during the second quarter of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson)
NEW YORK (AP) - The Knicks have won two straight games for the first time in almost two months, and they're not apologizing for the caliber of their competition.
Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as New York beat the depleted Chicago Bulls 110-92 on Monday night.
"We don't care who they put out there," Beasley said. "They could put a bunch of toddlers out there. Once the game starts, the game starts."
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
The Knicks used an 11-0 run to end the second quarter and take a 47-37 halftime lead.
Felicio scored Chicago's first 11 points of the second half and the Bulls pulled within four, 56-52, on Denzel Valentine's layup with 7:45 left.
That was close as they would get, as the Knicks followed with a 21-5 stretch and opened up a 77-57 lead on the second of Hardaway's consecutive 3-pointers with 2:35 left in the quarter.
"We are out there competing," Valentine said. "Everybody competes and gives it there all with their minutes, but if the ball don't go in the basket, you lose. We got 12 more games left and we have to make the most of them."
New York led 83-67 at the end of the third, and the Bulls got within 10 points midway through the fourth. The Knicks responded with an 11-2 run that put away a win that doesn't mean much for a team bound for the draft lottery.
"I don't think it's for real, like 'We're going to tank,'" said Kyle O'Quinn, who had of the Knicks' season-high 61 rebounds. "But, I think it's encouraged. You know, why not? But, I don't think you can get five guys out on the court and tell them to lose as professionals."
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said Kris Dunn was being put in a walking boot after he suffered a right toe sprain against Memphis on Thursday. Dunn also missed Chicago's game against Cleveland on Saturday. ... The Bulls had beaten the Knicks in the teams' previous three meetings this season.
Knicks: Courtney Lee returned after missing Saturday's game for personal reasons. Lance Thomas missed his second straight game for personal reasons. ... The Knicks ended their five-game homestand at 2-3.
MISSING THE POINT
Chicago's Zach LaVine (16.7 points per game), Lauri Markkanen (14.9) and Dunn (13.4) were out with injuries, while Robin Lopez (12) was dressed but did not play. Nikola Mirotic, who had been leading the Bulls in scoring (16.8), was traded to New Orleans on February 1.
"It doesn't change the game plan at all," Jeff Hornacek said. "We are still trying to do what we are supposed to do offensively and defensively. The scouting report changes a little bit in terms of what you do with Markkanen or what you do with Dunn. So that part changes. Other than that, we are trying. It is not like we have all our guys either."
HONORING A HERO
During a timeout, the Knicks honored former Army Staff Sgt. Alfredo De Los Santos and presented him with a $10,000 scholarship for his daughter, Josely. De Los Santos lost his right leg when he was wounded in Afghanistan in 2008. He is now a professional hand cyclist who had a 4th-place finish at the 2016 Paralympics.
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE
The Bulls lost to the Cavaliers on Saturday and dropped consecutive games for the first time since Feb. 26-27. The Knicks, who beat the Hornets on Saturday, won consecutive games for the first time since Jan. 26-30.
LONELY VALENTINE
Denzel Valentine is the only player on either team who has played in every game this season. He has started 34 of the Bulls' 70 games.
UP NEXT
Bulls: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Knicks: Visit Miami on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The Maniwaki man shot in the face during a courthouse altercation with a special constable is recovering in a Gatineau hospital as more questions are raised about the actions of security officials.
Steven Bertrand, 18, is out of danger and is “getting better and better every day,” according to an update provided by his mother, Julie, two days after the shooting incident.
Meanwhile, the special constable who was beaten with his own telescopic baton during the scuffle is also improving. Quebec's police watchdog, the Bureau des enquêtes indépendantes (BEI), said the special constable has been released from hospital.
His name has not been made public.
The BEI — Quebec's equivalent to Ontario's Special Investigations Unit — said it is continuing to review the events that led to the shooting.
A video of the event has been viewed more than two million times.
The youth who filmed the altercation was arrested Friday in connection with a Facebook post in which he sought the name of the constable so that he could also be shot.
The youth, who cannot be named under provisions of the Youth Criminal Justice Act, was charged with intimidation.
Julie Bertrand suggested Friday in a Facebook post that security guards could have prevented the incident from escalating had they helped to subdue her agitated son.
Instead, her son and the special constable became locked in a struggle in the courthouse waiting room. From what she could see, Bertrand said, her son was hit several times and then managed to grab the constable's telescopic baton and hit him with it. The constable then pulled his firearm.
“You want to shoot me, shoot me,” Bertrand quoted her son as saying. She said he stood up with baton and was shot.
Bertrand said she was not allowed to assist her son while he was lying, bloodied, on the ground.
In the video, the special constable can be heard asking several security guards for help, but no one offers any effective assistance.
Bertrand said the situation could have been controlled had the security guards assisted in bringing her son under control.
Some of the five guards in the video appear to be from a private security firm, Garda, which is believed to have a security contract at the Maniwaki courthouse. At least three are wearing GardaWorld uniforms.
One Ottawa security guard with experience working in the Ottawa courthouse said the incident exposes the difference between armed and trained provincial constables, and the private guards who are supposed to do less confrontational work.
“It's a budgeting issue: They're trying to cut costs by having fewer special constables on site so they hire private security contractors,” he said.
Private security companies train some but not all of their employees in the use of force, he said. Some carry handcuffs.
The guard asked not to be named as he still works in security.
He said it seemed odd that some of the guards “were just standing around,” and it appeared that they were unsure of their roles. “It's just a lack of experience. They are not sure whether they should get involved and they are hesitating, and that's the result — you have one man wrestling with another man to get him into custody.”
GardaWorld didn't respond to questions.
Quebec's Ministry of Public Safety and Ministry of Justice also refused comment, saying it doesn't want to discuss the issue during the BEI investigation.
The BEI was established in June 2016 to investigate deaths and serious injuries at the hands of police. Prior to the BEI's existence, cases involving police-involved injuries or deaths were investigated by another police agency within the province.
The arm's-length agency reports to the province's minister of public safety, and has the status of a police force.
A final report for each investigation is submitted to Quebec's director of criminal and penal prosecutions, which will decide, based upon the report, whether criminal charges against the police officer are warranted.
With files from Tom Spears and Aedan Helmer
That's how it's done!!!@GrigorDimitrov defeats @JaredD in a 5 set, 4-hour marathon. #RG18 #MyTennisLife pic.twitter.com/f8kmBqiKOK
Suspects target multiple storage units in Blue Mound
The Fort Worth Police Department is searching for two suspects, a white female and a white male, who targeted multiple storage units in the Blue Mound area of north Fort Worth since Nov. 14.
CHICAGO (AP) — Children's injuries and deaths from window blinds have not stalled despite decades of safety concerns, according to a new U.S. study that recommends a complete ban on blinds with cords.
Nearly 17,000 young children were hurt by window blinds between 1990 and 2015, and though most injuries were minor, almost 300 died, the study shows. Most deaths occurred when children became entangled or strangled by the cords.
Injuries continued even after manufacturers adopted voluntary safety standards including warning labels. The industry now has a plan in the works to make cordless blinds the only option at retail stores and online.
The study “should be a huge wake-up call to the public, to the retailers, to the manufacturers and to parent all over the nation to really see how hazardous the cords on the blinds are,” said Linda Kaiser of St Louis. Her 1-year-old daughter died in 2002 from strangulation when she pulled a looped hidden cord from a blind and put it around her neck. Kaiser later formed the advocacy group Parents for Window Blind Safety.
While study's data analysis doesn't show an up or downtrend in injuries and deaths, the fact that they're still occurring shows that safety standards have been inadequate, said lead author, Dr. Gary Smith, who directs injuries research at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio.
Paul Nathanson, spokesman for the Window Covering Manufacturers Association, said a soon-to-be adopted industry standard drafted with input from the Consumer Product Safety Commission will make corded blinds unavailable in stores and online, although consumers could buy them through custom orders.
The safety commission says windows and window blinds are among the top five hidden hazards in U.S. homes and in a statement, it called the draft standard “a major step forward in protecting children.”
That standard is awaiting approval by the American National Standards Institute and is expected to take effect by late 2018, Nathanson said.
Smith said 20 percent are custom blinds and a total ban on corded blinds is needed.
The study was published Monday in the journal Pediatrics .
His research team analyzed 26 years of U.S. government data on emergency room treatment and fatal injuries. The study notes that the dangers have been addressed in medical journal articles as far back as a 1945 report on two accidental hangings in children who survived.
“Seventy years ago we recognized that this was a product that was killing kids,” Smith said. “We should put child safety first.”
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Her work can be found here.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
On a trip to the Netherlands this summer for the VeloCity conference in Nijmegen-Arnhem, I had one extra day on my itinerary. So I asked the Streetfilms Twitterverse what I should do with my 24 hours, and I heard loud and clear from people in Rotterdam that I should come see their wonderful city. I'm glad I did.
Rotterdam is the second largest city in the Netherlands. Because so much of the city was razed during a World War II carpet bombing, Rotterdam lacks a historic central district. Its newness makes it an interesting comparison to American cities. Even though much of central Rotterdam was built during the era of mass motoring, the city is still taking major steps to shift away from cars and toward transit, biking, and walking.
Traffic and parking are on the wane in Rotterdam as the city actively encourages more efficient modes of travel, with an extensive tram system and improving bike network (bicycling mode share currently stands at 20 percent and it's rising quickly). The city even has rain and heat sensors at traffic lights that give cyclists more green time during tough weather.
My guide to the city was José Besselink, a planner and one of the leaders of Rotterdam's "City Lounge" initiative, which makes public spaces in the central city more active and inviting for people. The program has been transforming parking lots and other underused spaces since 2008, and the results are impressive.
Perhaps the most stunning change is around the majestic Rotterdam Centraal Station. A 2014 overhaul reallocated huge amounts of space around the station, limiting car access while opening up more room for pedestrians and cyclists and laying down a "green carpet" for trams.
SANAA, Yemen (AP) - Yemeni security officials say local forces backed by the United Arab Emirates are expanding their reach in the country's south, where they have clashed with forces loyal to the internationally recognized president.
The UAE is part of the Saudi-led coalition battling Yemen's Shiite rebels on behalf of President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, but has been at odds with Hadi for months.
The security officials said Monday that hundreds of Security Belt forces - fighters trained and financed by the UAE, have deployed in the Dhale province. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
The UAE and Hadi maintain separate security forces based in the southern city of Aden, which have clashed in recent months.
Police officer responding to a noise complaint has boxing match with teen in Mesquite, Texas. Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association
Description :
Global Market Insight of Automotive Engine Valve 2018 offers a comprehensive analysis on Automotive Engine Valve industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
This report studies Automotive Engine Valve market in Global and major regions from 2012 to 2023, focuses on sales, price, revenue and gross margin of top players, consumption and consumption value of major regions.
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/2747440-global-market-insight-of-automotive-engine-valve-2018
Market segments by Region
North America (United States and Canada)
Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, etc.)
Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Southeast Asia, Australia, etc.)
Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, etc.)
Middle East, Africa and Rest (South Africa, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, etc.)
Market segments by Types
Gasoline Engine Valves
Diesel Engine Valves
Market segments by Applications
Passenger Vehicle
Commercial Vehicle
Market segments by Player
Federal-Mogul
Eaton
Mahle
Fuji Oozx
Worldwide Auto
Aisan
Rane
Dengyun Auto-parts
ShengChi
Xin Yue
Yangzhou Guanghui
Nittan
Wode Valve
AnFu
JinQingLong
Tyen Machinery
Burg
SSV
Ferrea
Tongcheng
SINUS
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/2747440-global-market-insight-of-automotive-engine-valve-2018
Table Of Content
1 Automotive Engine Valve Product Overview
1.1 Product Introduction
1.2 Industrial Chain Analysis
1.2.1 Upstream Raw Materials Analysis
1.2.2 Major Product Comparison Analysis
1.2.3 Downstream Users Analysis
2 Global Market Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve
2.1 Global Market Profile of Automotive Engine Valve
2.2 Global Consumption Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Regions 2012-2017
2.3 Global Consumption Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Regions 2018-2023
2.4 Global Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Regions 2012-2017
2.5 Global Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Regions 2018-2023
3 North America Market Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve
3.1 North America Market Profile of Automotive Engine Valve
3.2 North America Consumption Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
3.3 North America Consumption Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
3.4 North America Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
3.5 North America Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
4 Europe Market Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve
4.1 Europe Market Profile of Automotive Engine Valve
4.2 Europe Consumption Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
4.3 Europe Consumption Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
4.4 Europe Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
4.5 Europe Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
5 Asia-Pacific Market Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve
5.1 Asia-Pacific Market Profile of Automotive Engine Valve
5.2 Asia-Pacific Consumption Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
5.3 Asia-Pacific Consumption Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
5.4 Asia-Pacific Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
5.5 Asia-Pacific Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
6 Latin America Market Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve
6.1 Latin America Market Profile of Automotive Engine Valve
6.2 Latin America Consumption Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
6.3 Latin America Consumption Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
6.4 Latin America Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
6.5 Latin America Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
7 Middle East, Africa and Rest Market Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve
7.1 Middle East, Africa and Rest Market Profile of Automotive Engine Valve
7.2 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
7.3 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
7.4 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2012-2017
7.5 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Engine Valve by Country 2018-2023
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
ST. PAUL, Minn. — It's been a magical first season for the Vegas Golden Knights, who already have won more games than any first-year team in NHL history. However, the Western Conference leaders didn't look very dominant Friday night.
Eric Staal had two goals and an assist as the Minnesota Wild beat the road-weary Golden Knights 5-2 for their second straight win after the All-Star break.
Vegas was coming off an overtime victory in Winnipeg on Thursday night, while Minnesota was rested since its last game on Tuesday. The Wild carried the pace of play from the start, outshooting the Golden Knights 19-8 in the first period while taking a 2-0 lead.
"We looked like a tired team for the first time this year," Vegas coach Gerard Gallant said. "There's no excuse. You play back-to-back — everybody plays them. But I didn't like our team tonight. We had no compete and we didn't win 1-on-1 battles."
The Golden Knights had won four of five coming in, including consecutive comeback victories at Calgary and Winnipeg. But they had a tough time responding when Minnesota jumped out to its early lead.
"It's tough on the road when you get down early and you're not playing like you want to," said Vegas forward Eric Haula, who had a goal and an assist. "You give all the confidence in the world to the other team."
Charlie Coyle, Tyler Ennis and Jared Spurgeon also scored for Minnesota, while Jonas Brodin had three assists and Matt Dumba added two. Devan Dubnyk stopped 22 shots to help Minnesota move to 18-4-4 at home.
"We like playing in this building," said Coyle, who scored in his second straight game. "We know when we get the momentum right from the start and the crowd gets into it, we feed off of that too."
Nate Schmidt scored the other Golden Knights goal, and Colin Miller added two assists for Vegas, which remained a point behind Tampa Bay for the best record in the league. Malcolm Subban made 30 saves in his first start since Jan. 19.
"Malcolm played incredibly well," Schmidt said. "It could have been a lot worse."
Federal Health Minister Greg Hunt admits he should have said sorry sooner for using "strong language" in a meeting with the Katherine mayor.
Mr Hunt reportedly told Fay Miller from the Northern Territory she had to "f---ing get over" herself when they sat down last December in Parliament House.
"I should have apologised earlier. My fault," he told reporters in Canberra on Thursday.
The minister said he wanted to repeat his apology to Ms Miller publicly and sincerely.
"It was my fault and my responsibility and I accept that," he said.
In a letter to Malcolm Turnbull last month, Ms Miller said she wanted to bring to the prime minister's attention the unacceptable behaviour of Mr Hunt as a minister of the Crown in his government.
"Minister Hunt's behaviour towards me was totally unwarranted, disrespectful and unacceptable on every level," she said.
She had been leading a delegation to discuss a health package for her community following PFAS chemical contamination from nearby RAAF Base Tindal.
Coalition backbencher Luke Howarth welcomed his colleague's apology.
"No one's perfect. I've sort of let loose at times as well," Mr Howarth told reporters in Canberra.
But Labor frontbencher Brendan O'Connor offered a more scathing assessment of the delayed apology.
"He should focus on hospitals instead of bullying grandmothers," Mr O'Connor said.
"He needs to show much greater contrition, and frankly he should be focusing on the health needs of the nation."
More Videos 0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver Pause 0:13 RAW: Bad blood boiling at Duncanville-Cedar Hill game 0:16 RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball? 0:27 RAW: Trinity INT ends Carroll's opening drive 0:31 RAW: Arlington Bowie recovers fumble, caught from two angles 1:13 Wyatt's winning ways: Chaparrals serve notice in District 7-5A 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards 2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball? Richland's Rashee Rice pulls in the pass before Birdville defender knew what hit him. The teams are tied at 14. Richland's Rashee Rice pulls in the pass before Birdville defender knew what hit him. The teams are tied at 14. Shawn Smajstrla ssmajstrla@star-telegram.com
Richland's Rashee Rice pulls in the pass before Birdville defender knew what hit him. The teams are tied at 14. Shawn Smajstrla ssmajstrla@star-telegram.com
Asus Zenfone 5Z has been launched in India at an event in Delhi. The flagship smartphone was announced at the MWC 2018 tech show earlier this year. The smartphone comes with a notch display and a high screen-to-body ratio of 90%. The other highlights include Android Oreo, dual-camera at the rear, Face Unlock, AI charging, and more.
The Zenfone 5Z has been launched in Meteor Silver and Midnight Blue color variants. The device has been launched in three variants - 6GB RAM + 64GB storage space priced at Rs. 29,999, 6GB RAM + 128GB storage space priced at Rs. 32,999 and 8GB RAM + 256GB storage space priced at Rs. 36,999. The Asus flagship will be exclusive to the online retailer Flipkart and will go on sale starting July 15.
Asus Zenfone 5Z specifications
Zenfone 5Z sports a 6.2-inch FHD+ 2.5D curved glass Super IPS display with a resolution 2246 x 1080 pixels and an aspect ratio of 19:9 as there is a notch on top of the screen. There is Corning Gorilla Glass protection on top and Glove Touch support. At its core, there is an octa-core Snapdragon 845 SoC paired with 6GB/8GB RAM and 64GB/128GB/256GB storage space. There is a hybrid dual SIM slot supporting up to 2TB of additional storage.
The Asus smartphone runs Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box topped with ZenUI 5.0 and is upgradeable to Android P. The imaging aspects include a dual-camera setup at its rear. There is a 12MP primary Sony IMX363 sensor with dual-tone LED flash, f/1.8 aperture, dual pixel PDAF, OIS, EIS, 4-axis, Pro mode with RAW support. The secondary sensor is an 8MP one with f/2.0 aperture and a 120-degree wide-angle lens. The selfie camera is an 8MP sensor with f/2.0 aperture and an 83-degree wide-angle lens.
The notable features include a fingerprint sensor at its rear, a 3.5mm audio jack, FM radio, DTS headphone, dual speakers, dual 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5 and GPS among others. A 3300mAh battery with Asus BoostMaster fast charging as well as AI charging.
Launch offers
The Asus Zenfone 5Z will go on sale from July 15 with a slew of launch offers. It is available at a flat discount of Rs. 3000 on using ICICI debit and credit cards. The device comes with Flipkart Complete Mobile Protection at Rs. 499 and no-cost EMI starting Rs. 3,333. Asus has teamed up with Jio to offer Rs. 2,200 cashback for Jio users via vouchers and 100GB additional data.
In the quest to create jobs for the youth, the government has been urged to focus on the development of the fashion industry to support economic growth.
According to Nana Dwomoh Sarpong, Executive Chairman of Radford University College, Ghana needs to take advantage of the multi trillion dollar fashion industry, as a highly viable option for job generation.
The government, he explained, could contribute by introducing a national African wear policy for all workers so as to promote locally made fabrics and to cut the overreliance on foreign clothing which rather generates employment and revenue for other countries.
Nana Sarpong made the call when he launched the 2018 edition of the Graduate Fashion Show by Radford University College (RUC) in Accra, amidst splendid showcasing of some of the fashion designs by the students.
He said although the “Friday African Wear” concept introduced in Ghana was good, it has become necessary to introduce an “Everyday African Wear” as practised in other African countries.
“This will increase patronage of African clothing, create millions of jobs for the youth and generate revenue for individuals and the economy.
“If we really want to create jobs, then that is the area we have to focus on because it is a huge industry with intense economic benefits,” he said.
Due to the huge economic potential of African fabrics, he explained that America and European countries were currently copying African designs to produce for African countries.
“We can do this ourselves by promoting and patronising locally designed and sewed clothing,” he stressed.
Touching on the contribution of the College which is the first university in Ghana to run degree programme in fashion design, he said the school continues to produce more talented graduates for the fashion industry.
“Most of our graduates have gained international recognition, and many have established fashion companies that continue to train and employ hundreds of young people,” he said.
Slated for May 26, 2018 at the Kempinski Hotel in Accra, this year's Graduate Fashion Show is expected to build on the successes of the five previous events to showcase innovative designs for the fashion world.
At the launch, samples of the designs were modeled to the admiration of guests who gathered at the university's premises at East Legon for the event.
The samples ranged from innovatively designed corporate and casual wears to wedding gowns, all with an African touch.
The annual show showcases products of the fashion design graduating class as a way of demonstrating their talents and readiness for the job market.
Jeanette Altovice Quarshie, Lead Lecturer at the Fashion Design Department, in her remarks noted that this year's show would showcase a “hint of Africa” as the 24 participating students would all include African designs in their products.
She described the progress of the graduate fashion show as impressive, adding the students continue to break boundaries in the fashion economy.
BY EDMUND MINGLE
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Mitch Haniger and Mike Zunino homered against Ervin Santana early, and the Seattle Mariners bullpen held off the Minnesota Twins late in a 6-4 victory Wednesday night.
Ben Gamel added three hits and two runs for the Mariners, who have won 12 of 17 games. Rookie Sam Gaviglio picked up the win by pitching into the sixth inning, and four relief pitchers combined to close the door on the Twins' attempt to come back from a 5-0 deficit.
Edwin Diaz recorded four outs and dealt with a scare in the ninth inning to pick up his 11th save in 13 opportunities and bring Seattle one win away from the .500 mark.
The Mariners never trailed, grabbing the lead before Santana recorded an out when Haniger drove a two-run homer to left. Two innings later, Zunino continued his hot hitting with a three-run homer off the facing of the second deck in left-center field to give Seattle a five-run lead. Zunino is hitting .396 since May 29 with four homers against the Twins in that span.
Santana (8-4) gave up a season-high nine hits in five innings, his second-shortest start of the season. It was the fourth time this year he allowed five or more runs and the third time he allowed multiple home runs in a game. The Twins ace doesn't have a win in his last four home starts.
Gaviglio (3-1) earned his third win in three decisions for the Mariners despite tiring after four strong innings. The rookie finished 5 1/3 innings and struck out five but allowed a career-high three home runs. Eduardo Escobar and Byron Buxton hit solo home runs in the fifth inning, and Miguel Sano hit a two-run homer in the sixth to knock out Gaviglio and bring the Twins within striking distance at 6-4.
James Pazos, Nick Vincent, Marc Rzepczynski and Edwin Diaz combined for 3 2/3 scoreless innings out of the Mariners bullpen, one night after Seattle relief pitchers gave up 11 runs in a 20-7 loss. The Twins had a chance in the ninth Wednesday night with two on and two outs, but Eddie Rosario struck out and Brian Dozier flied out to deep center to end it.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mariners: SS Jean Segura (right ankle sprain) did agility drills and took batting practice before the game Wednesday. According to manager Scott Servais, the team will know within a couple of days whether Segura will need a rehab assignment. Servais had hoped to get his shortstop off the 10-day DL at some point during the Mariners' upcoming weekend series in Texas but admitted it may take a bit longer.
Twins: LHP Hector Santiago (strained left shoulder) will throw a side session on Thursday to see if he'll be ready in time for the Twins' doubleheader against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday. Manager Paul Molitor indicated the team has several options for a spot starter if Santiago can't appear, though he ruled out long reliever Tyler Duffey.
UP NEXT
Mariners: LHP Ariel Miranda (6-2) takes the mound in Thursday's matinee to conclude the four-game series. He has not allowed more than two earned runs in any of his last six starts.
Twins: RHP Jose Berrios (5-1) aims for his third win in a row. He led the Twins to two victories on their recent West Coast trip, allowing two earned runs in each start.
Shower and storms will come to an end Monday evening in Southeast Oklahoma, while storms may develop shortly in the panhandle.
Central Oklahoma will continue to see partly cloudy skies with temperatures dropping to the low 70's Monday evening.
There is a slight chance rain and storms will make it into far Western and Northwest Oklahoma overnight, but chances will increase by Tuesday morning for the same area.
Coverage should expand to the east during Tuesday afternoon. Highs will top out around 90 degrees.c
FILE - This June 1, 2017, file photo shows a Walmart store in Hialeah Gardens, Fla. Walmart, the worldâ€™s largest retailer, is expanding a deal with on-demand online services platform Handy.com, allowing shoppers to hire helpers at 2,000 of its stores nationwide to mount a TV on their wall or assemble a bookcase. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz, File)
FILE - This June 1, 2017, file photo shows a Walmart store in Hialeah Gardens, Fla. Walmart, the worldâ€™s largest retailer, is expanding a deal with on-demand online services platform Handy.com, allowing shoppers to hire helpers at 2,000 of its stores nationwide to mount a TV on their wall or assemble a bookcase. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Walmart doesn't just want to sell TVs and furniture - it wants to send a professional home to set them up, too.
The world's largest retailer said Monday that it is expanding a deal with on-demand online services platform Handy.com, allowing shoppers to hire helpers at 2,000 of its stores nationwide to mount a TV on their wall or assemble a bookcase.
Other retailers have offered similar services as they seek to make shopping more convenient to get customers to buy more and cut down on returns. Wayfair, the online furniture seller, also offers Handy's services. Amazon.com has its own on-demand services offering. And furniture seller Ikea bought Taskrabbit last year and is rolling out the service to its stores.
Walmart, which first tested Handy in 25 stores in Atlanta, said shoppers can hire a Handy professional when then check out at a store or on its website. Mounting a TV starts at $79, while putting together furniture starts at $69, Handy said.
_____
Contact Joseph Pisani at http://twitter.com/josephpisani
By The Associated Press
Philadelphia San Diego ab r h bi ab r h bi C.Hrnan 2b 4 1 1 0 Margot cf 4 1 0 0 Galvis ss 5 0 2 0 Asuaje 2b 3 0 2 1 O.Hrrra cf 5 0 2 1 Pirela lf 5 0 2 2 Hoskins lf 4 2 2 2 Hand p 0 0 0 0 T.Jseph 1b 5 1 1 0 Solarte ss 4 0 1 0 N.Wllms rf 3 0 1 0 Stammen p 0 0 0 0 Franco 3b 4 0 0 0 Yates p 0 0 0 0 Rupp c 4 0 1 0 Renfroe ph-rf 1 0 0 0 Eckhoff p 2 0 0 0 Myers 1b 3 1 0 0 Kim ph 1 0 1 0 Spngnbr 3b 3 3 3 1 Pinto p 0 0 0 0 Szczur rf-lf 3 1 0 0 A.Blnco ph 1 0 0 0 Hedges c 3 1 2 2 L.Grcia p 0 0 0 0 T.Wood p 2 0 0 0 Maton p 0 0 0 0 J.Trres p 0 0 0 0 H.Sanch ph 1 0 0 0 Coleman ss 0 0 0 0 Totals 38 4 11 3 Totals 32 7 10 6
Philadelphia 001 101 100—4 San Diego 010 104 10x—7
E_Spangenberg (9), Franco (10). DP_Philadelphia 2. LOB_Philadelphia 10, San Diego 9. 2B_C.Hernandez (17), O.Herrera (36), Asuaje (9). HR_Hoskins 2 (2), Spangenberg (11). SB_Spangenberg (7), Hedges (2). SF_Asuaje (1), Hedges (3).
IP H R ER BB SO Philadelphia Eickhoff 5 5 2 1 3 5 Pinto L,1-1 BS,1 2 4 5 5 2 1 Garcia 1 1 0 0 0 1 San Diego Wood 5 6 2 2 2 3 Maton 2-3 2 1 0 0 1 Torres W,7-3 1-3 1 0 0 0 0 Stammen H,7 1 1 1 1 0 1 Yates H,13 1 0 0 0 0 2 Hand S,10-14 1 1 0 0 0 1
HBP_by Pinto (Coleman), by Hand (Hoskins).
Umpires_Home, D.J. Reyburn; First, Sam Holbrook; Second, Nic Lentz; Third, Jim Wolf.
T_3:20. A_20,873 (42,302).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Sheryl Sandberg, Chief Operating Officer of Facebook, listens to speeches during a visit in Paris, France, January 17, 2017, at a start-up companies gathering at Paris' Station F site as the company tries to head off tougher regulation by Germany. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc (FB.O) plans to announce on Monday that more than 5 million businesses are advertising on the social network each month and that it is updating its suite of ad services to try to draw more small businesses onto its mobile platform.
Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said in an interview with Reuters that the number of ad buyers was an important milepost, showing that Facebook has room to grow despite its massive scale.
The company said in September that it had 4 million advertisers, and in March 2016 that it had 3 million. The world's largest social network, which is free to users, has 1.9 billion people on it.
Facebook is locked in a battle with Alphabet Inc's Google (GOOGL.O) for dominance in digital advertising. The two Silicon Valley giants are expected to soak up some 46 percent of online ad spending in 2018, according to research firm eMarketer.
Much of that spending is by big brand advertisers, but to attract small firms, Facebook pitches a set of tools such as audience targeting, a mobile design studio and online courses available so far in 10 languages.
The latest changes include a "one click" option in Facebook's ads manager to reinstate high-performing ads, and a desktop tool to manage customer messages, the company said.
"Small businesses provide such important products and services, but they also are a huge engine of job growth in a world where job growth is increasingly uncertain and something people really worry about," Sandberg said.
Among the 5 million advertisers, the biggest industries are e-commerce, entertainment/media and retail, the company said. Some 75 percent of them are outside the United States, and its fastest-growing markets are India, Thailand, Brazil, Mexico and Argentina, the company said.
Nearly 50 percent of the advertisers create ads on mobile devices, reflecting the increasing importance of smartphone-based usage to Facebook's future.
More than 90 percent of Facebook's users access the network through mobile devices, and mobile advertising accounts for 84 percent of ad revenue, the company said in February.
(Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Mary Milliken)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stonehouse Town have moved into third place in the Gloucestershire County League with a 5-3 win at Gala Wilton.
They opened the scoring on 17 minute from a long ball from the right to the far post and Liam Gale nipped in behind the home defence to side foot home.
On 26 minutes Lee Keveren scored his first of three for the afternoon when he was put clear to coolly slot the ball home.
Six minutes later Keveren was at it again this time waltzing past three home defenders to make it 3-0.
Gala's Ryan Dobbins headed home on 37 minutes to make it 3-1 but right on half time Robert Humphries netted a fourth for Stonehouse from a corner.
Josh Emery hit an unstoppable shot into the Stonehouse net on 54 minutes and four minutes later Ryan Dobbins controlled a great cross into the box to strike number three for Gala.
The visitors got a fifth on 89 minutes from a long throw that seem to avoid everyone except Lee Keveren who knocked the ball home for his hat-trick.
Broadwell Amateurs, who started the day having lost only two games so far this season, came up against promotion hopefuls Lebeq United.
The home side almost drew first blood on 10 minutes but Jordan Sheens shot from a great run down the flank went just the wrong side of the post.
It was Lebeq who took the lead on 36 minutes a great goal from Leroy Swaby curling his shot into the top corner from the edge of the box.
After having two shouts for a penalty turned away the home side eventually were awarded a penalty on 64 minutes with Paul Manns stepping up to take it but they could not believe it when his shot went the wrong side of the upright.
After end to end play Lebeq finally got the break they needed when Cameron Brown played a one-two with James Hall and then fired his shot under Jamie Merry with seven minutes to go.
Hardwicke came away from the Forest of Dean with three points after defeating Ruardean Hill Rangers 2-1.
No goals in the first 45 minutes with Hardwicke taking the lead on 65 minutes from the penalty spot after the home side had their keeper sent off - Paul Carter stepped up to make sure from the spot.
Five minutes later the home side were level when Ricky Tingle netted from a corner.
The winner came in the 80 minute from the foot of Will Matthews firing home an unstoppable shot from the right side of the box.
Posted 6 hours ago
National Assembly speaker Justin Muturi has criticised the ODM party primaries that were marred by chaos and irregularities. The Speaker has appealed to
Hazard Management Director McCleary Fredrick is calling it a day.
His retirement takes effect on 29 December bringing to a close 36 years in the Civil Service.
No-one has been named in his place, but government officials say a succession plan is in the works and the post will be advertised by the end of the year.
Mr. Fredrick was instrumental in the development of a building code in Cayman and helped in the creation of Hazard Management. He was the first international recipient of the lifetime achievement award at the Florida Governors hurricane conference held in May.
Last Thursday (7 December) colleagues, friends and family gathered at Government Administration Building to bid him farewell.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
n Atlas: A group that offers help for families fighting addictions meets from 7 to 9 p.m. Mondays at Health/Legal Advocate Services LLC, 450 Route 61. The sessions are free.
n MaryD: The MaryD Fire Company, North Main and School streets, will host its January breakfast and bake sale from 8 a.m. to noon Sunday. The cost is $7 for adults or $8 with mackerel, and $4 for children. All are welcome.
n McAdoo: The borough has issued a reminder for residents to keep clear paths to their water and electric meters throughout the winter season to provide easy access for the borough workers to read the meters.
n Nuremberg: There will be no breakfast fundraisers in January at the Nuremberg-Weston Volunteer Fire Company.
n Pottsville: Schuylkill County Treasurer Linda Marchalk has issued a reminder to all Schuylkill County dog owners that 2017 dog licenses are due. State law requires all dogs three months or older to be licensed by Jan. 1. An annual license is $8.50 and a lifetime license is $51.50. If the dog is spayed or neutered, the annual fee is $6.50, while a lifetime license is $31.50. Discounts are available for senior citizens and people with disabilities. For each unlicensed dog, the warden can issue the dog owner a citation, which is a summary offense that carries a maximum fine of $300, Marchalk said in a press release. Licenses are available at the Schuylkill County Treasurer's Office or via a local dog agent, or by visiting www.padoglicense.com. A list of 2017 dog agents is available at www.co.schuylkill.us/offices/Treasurer/Treasurer.asp.
n Pottsville: Schuylkill Area Community Foundation said in a release that people can create charitable requests in their wills. “Your attorney can add language to your will to describe your intent,” SACF officials said. They also noted that people can name an organization as the beneficiary of their entire life insurance policy or a percentage of the policy. “Contact you life insurance agent or your attorney to help you complete a beneficiary designation form.” SACF can also help people make donations or create their own charitable legacies through its services. For more information, call Eileen Kuperavage at 570-624-7223.
n Pottsville: The Queen of Peace Tenants Association has bingo from 6 to 8:30 p.m. Mondays and Fridays in the facility's Community Room. The cost is $1 per card and the public is invited to participate. To reserve a seat in advance, call Sandy at 570-622-8515.
n Ringtown: Boy and Cub Scouts of Troop 731 will collect Christmas trees beginning at 1 p.m. Sunday. Residents are asked to have their trees out by the curb for pickup. Trees will be taken to a local hunting club to be used as winter habitats for wild animals. Anyone in neighboring Union Township who wants trees picked up should call 570-294-0749. The Scouts will collect all trees in Ringtown borough.
n Schuylkill Haven: St. Ambrose Roman Catholic Parish, 302 Randel St., will have a gift card bingo on Jan. 22. Doors will open at 11:30 a.m. and bingo will begin at 1 p.m. Tickets in advance are $20 and at the door, $25. There will also be a chance table, 50/50s and food on sale. For more information, call 570-527-5787 or 570-385-2586.
n Shenandoah: Trinity Academy in the Father Walter J. Ciszek Education Center, Cherry and Chestnut streets, is holding its “50/50 Spectacular,” a major fundraiser. One of two drawings in the effort was held on Dec. 14. The second drawing will be on Memorial Day 2017. Tickets are available at the school. For more information, call 570-462-3927. Trinity Academy is the regional parochial kindergarten-through-eighth-grade school for all northern Schuylkill County.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — An internationally watched Senate election is down to Alabama voters.
The controversies surrounding Republican Roy Moore give Democrat Doug Jones an opening in the GOP-dominated state. Polls open Tuesday morning.
Multiple women have accused Moore of sexual misconduct with teen girls when he was in his 30s. Moore is now 70 and denies the charges. He's telling voters they know his character already.
Jones is saying decency must prevail. He's urging Alabama voters to see the race as a crossroads with an opportunity to avoid repeating past mistakes that harm the state's image.
Advertisement
No Democrat has won an Alabama Senate seat since 1992. That was Sen. Richard Shelby. He's now a Republican who says he didn't vote for Moore.
With the new year now underway, it is just three months until a landmark law comes in to force in Scotland, making so-called ‘revenge porn' disclosures a criminal offence.
The new law under the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm Act will mean that, from April 1, being convicted of the offence of disclosing or threatening to disclose an intimate photo or video will carry a maximum penalty of five years imprisonment.
The offence will cover situations where someone shares either filmed and still images of another person in an intimate situation. This includes images taken in private where someone is nude or clothed only in underwear or showing a person engaged in a sexual act.
The specific new law is being introduced to address a growing problem – as easy access to devices like smart phones mean pictures and videos taken with the expectation of privacy can now far more easily be shared publicly online through, for example, social media.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said: “We will not tolerate domestic abuse and harassment in a progressive and modern Scotland, which is why we have taken these measures to create this new criminal offence.
“Recklessly disclosing private and intimate images taken when privacy is expected can be extremely cruel and degrading for victims, as well as causing fear and alarm. It may also be symptomatic of highly abusive and manipulative behaviour towards an ex-partner.
“This new offence, which comes into force very soon, sends out a strong warning to anyone considering sharing such images. This move reflects technological changes and acknowledges the distress inflicted by this serious crime.
“We know legislation alone is not enough to tackle abusive behaviour and sexual violence. That is why we are taking forward a whole range of work in our drive to eliminate it in all its forms from Scottish society.”
Bill English is a muppet, we all know that.
His campaign geniuses are trying to make him fit into the mould that John Key left and it is becoming awkward.
He just isn't comfortable in his skin and comes across all at sea. Take this Tweet from two nights ago:
A beautiful evening for a walk on the beach! Nice to have some time together. pic.twitter.com/HKTQ85yEOD — Bill English (@pmbillenglish) August 13, 2017
For a start it is dark at 6:29pm at the moment. Not even a flash could make the sky look like that at 6:29pm. Sunset was 5:45pm that night.
NIWA posted this on Twitter just a few later:
An electric GIF ⚡ pic.twitter.com/HAzIu89D1s — NIWA Weather (@NiwaWeather) August 13, 2017
Then these two idiots are from Wellington…so unless they were staying at Takapuna or Mission Bay they drove from some hotel in Auckland and stood on a beach with Rangitoto in the background…all so they can look like they are going for a stroll. Talk about stretching credibility.
Then there is the temperature…it was freezing that night. Yet there is Bill in his shirtsleeves. admittedly he has a dose of stiff nipples, but still, there is no way that photo was taken on Sunday evening.
Want to know why?
Because it was one of the biggest thunder and lightning storms coupled with a deluge of Biblical proportions…right about then.
This is what happens when you let the kiddies run the social media accounts. Worse when they are the retards who did the same for Vic Crone and then bolted to go help Hillary Clinton fail in her campaign.
No one is going to vote for Bill English because he pretends to like walks on the beach in Auckland with his missus from Wellington. No voter had their vote changed to support you because of your “every man” tweets.
But, when you are caught lying, busted faking a nice couple night out on the beach…when it was raining cats and dogs, then you do actually lose votes. You lose them because you look like a dishonest fake tool.
One thing for sure, it wasn't a beautiful evening for a walk on the beach in Auckland on Sunday night. Unless you like thunderstorms.
-Twitter
GLASGOW, Scotland (AP) — Mark Warburton has asked Rangers to explain why it said he resigned as manager of the Glasgow club.
Rangers announced last week that it had accepted the resignation of Warburton and two of his backroom staff, but they say “at no stage did we resign from our positions.”
They added in a statement that “despite its detailed public statements, the club has not answered key questions put to it by the LMA (League Managers Association) … requesting an explanation of why it suggested that we resigned.”
Rangers are third in the Scottish league — 27 points behind leader Celtic — in its first season back in the top division after being forced to start again in the bottom tier in 2012 after a financial meltdown.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Air Asia India Limited (AAIL) released a statement on Wednesday saying that the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) investigated the allegations concerning indirect foreign control of the company in violation of Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) norms and found nothing wrong.
"Allegations concerning indirect foreign control of AirAsia India Ltd. ("AAIL") allegedly in violation of FIPB norms have been fully investigated by the Director General of Civil Aviation ("DGCA") and the DGCA has passed a detailed and reasoned 12-page order to this effect on February 8, 2017 ("DGCA Order"). The DGCA Order was pursuant to an investigation exercise mandated by the Delhi High Court by its order on November 11, 2016 in Writ Petition (C) No. 1373 of 2014," read the statement.
The statement further stated that the DGCA order had ruled that the operations and management of AAIL were in accordance with FEMA, FDI Regulations and the FIPB approvals granted to the airline. "Furthermore, the DGCA Order ruled that the terms of the Brand Licence Agreement (BLA) were meant only for ensuring uniformity of brand use and quality of services and that such terms are for benefit of passengers. The DGCA noted that the BLA is a common practice in the aviation industry. In this backdrop, AAIL believes that to allege that control of AAIL is not in accordance with foreign exchange investment laws is incongruous. AAIL will be co-operating with the relevant authorities to facilitate an early conclusion of this matter," it added. The CBI on Tuesday booked Air Asia Group CEO Tony Fernandes among others under the Prevention of Corruption Act for violating aviation rule to get international flying licenses. The probe agency also booked Air Asia Director, Bengaluru Ramachandran Venkatraman, and DTA consultancy Pvt Ltd founder Deepak Talwar. The investigative agency alleged that the Air Asia Group CEO lobbied with government servants for clearances, removal of existing 5/20 aviation rule and change in regulatory policies. Under the 5/20 rule, a company needs a minimum of five years of flying experience and is also required to have 20 aircraft in their possession in order to become eligible for the license. (ANI)
TORONTO - Some thirty floors above Toronto's streets, a select group of people caught a glimpse of the future.
The future is smart, with technology no longer limited to phones in pockets or watches on wrists, but branching out to the fabric of clothing.
Justine Decaenes, Project Leader at CTT Group stands next to a heated coat, as she presents at a Smart Apparel Event in Toronto on Wednesday June 14, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young
At a news conference Wednesday promoting this summer's Apparel Textile Sourcing Canada conference, a few insiders showed off the latest wares, a meeting of tech and textiles. Some of the items are on the market, but many aren't yet.
Justine Decaens, a project leader with CTT Group from Saint-Hyacinthe, Que., showed off a self-heating coat. Inside are six heating elements.
Those elements are made of a conductive fabric and when the coat is connected to a power source — like a battery in a pocket — they heat up. That allows for less down in the coat, making for a slimmer look, Decaens said.
Her company works with other companies who come armed with an idea and they develop a prototype.
"Once the prototype is functional and it meets all the criteria the client has, we transfer how to produce it to them and they produce it," she said.
In the future, it appears losing items in a purse will also no longer be a problem. Decaens opened a purse, pushed a button and lights illuminated its contents.
"It's impossible find things in our purses," Decaens said with a smile. "Not anymore."
Nearby, Marie Brouillet, the business development director at Vestechpro, a Montreal-based non-profit, showed off a shirt on a headless and limbless mannequin.
There are sensors in the shirt, named Hexoskin, that capture heart rate, breathing rate, even acceleration. Those sensors are connected to a tiny computer about half the size of a business card, that beams out the information to an app on a smartphone or tablet.
The Hexoskin is on the market and sells for a cool $399, Brouillet said. They're hot sellers, she said.
She then picked up a pair of insoles made by Greybox, another Montreal company. They have pressure sensors connected to a device that also transmits data to an app. But it's not for athletes or weekend warriors, she said, rather they are made for seniors, especially those recovering from an injury or surgery.
The information captured can be analyzed by doctors and physiotherapists to see if patients are performing their exercises properly, she said.
Some of the insoles are out there now being used by medical professionals, and the information is also being sent to researchers at McGill University.
Vestechpro also works with other companies to develop textiles and the big trend, she said, is technology.
"The future looks really exciting," she said. "There are a lot of things I can't talk about, I wish I could."
Aledo's Nathan Fingar connects for a fly to right field for a out, the last hit of the game, 8th inning. The Grapevine Mustangs defeated the Aledo Bearcats 5-2 in playoff baseball at Boswell High School in Fort Worth, Saturday, May 20, 2017. Paul Moseley pmoseley@star-telegram.com
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:19 Grinch steals gifts, but Arlington officers buy new ones
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
2:37 Cullen Davis recalls the mansion murders
BOISE, Idaho - A wave of shock is hitting the Roman Catholic Diocese of Boise after the former priest of Saint Mary's Church and school, 72-year-old Thomas Faucher, faces several charges for child sex crimes.
"What's on the hearts of minds of the people at Saint Mary's first and foremost are the victims of these types of crimes," said Deacon Gene Fadness, a spokesman for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Boise.
Fadness says they were not aware of the allegations until Friday and will cooperate fully with law enforcement in their investigation.
According to the Idaho Attorney General's office, the investigation into Father Faucher began with a tip from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. On Friday police searched his Boise home and took him into custody. The retired priest now faces one count of Possession of a Controlled Substance and ten counts of Sexual Exploitation of a Child.
Details of the alleged sex crimes are unclear; the charges could apply to everything from possession of sexually exploitative material to making them. The diocese is now worried there may potentially be victims in the Treasure Valley.
"We have, to date, no knowledge of that," said Fadness. "If there are people who are victims or who know victims we would want them to come forward."
The diocese says Father Faucher retired three years ago citing health issues and hasn't held any pastoral assignments since. Because of the seriousness of the allegations, Faucher will be unable to minister in the Diocese of Boise in any way.
"We are a parish of devoted faithful people. Saint Mary's is shocked and sadden but it will continue to do the good work that it does in the community through it's food bank, school and other ministries,"said Fadness.
Faucher is expected to make his initial court appearance at the Ada County Court House on Monday.
By David Eggert & Corey Williams, Associated Press
FLINT (AP) – Robert Skidmore was born in Flint, raised a family there and lived his entire life in and around the blue collar town that — next to Detroit — was synonymous with manufacturing of cars and trucks.
But his December 2015 death has been blamed on Legionnaires' disease and linked to a tainted water crisis that on Wednesday led to involuntary manslaughter and other charges against five officials, including the director of Michigan's Health and Human Services department.
Skidmore, 85, was one of 12 people to die from the disease and nearly 100 cases of people being sickened from it.
“Everybody was pretty upset, rightfully, finding out this could be the reason that he died,” grandson Craig Skidmore of the Legionnaires' revelations. “It definitely didn't set well with us.”
Wednesday's charges are part of the criminal investigation into how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Nick Lyon, 48, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
An involuntary manslaughter conviction carries up to 15 years in prison.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others charged with involuntary manslaughter were already facing other accusations. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
Prosecutors also brought charges against the state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, who is accused of obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
Robert Skidmore was admitted to a hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. He died at home six months later.
Flint's failing economy, the water crisis and other problems troubled Robert Skidmore, an avid hunter, according to Craig Skidmore, 29, who lives in nearby Burton.
His grandfather would bemoan “how Flint changed for the worst from when he was growing up and raising his family,” Craig Skidmore told The Associated Press.
Robert Skidmore retired in 1987 after 37 years at General Motors Fisher Body plant. He would spend much of his free time at the family's cabin “up north” in the tiny community of Lake George in Clare County.
“I think if he had his way they would have moved up north, but my grandma was a people person and everyone was in Flint. He didn't want to take her away from that.”
Craig Skidmore said the family would have dinner at his grandparent's home almost every Sunday until his grandmother died in June 2015.Defense attorneys for the six officials spoke out against the charges.
“The true facts simply do not support the prosecution's claims,” said Chip Chamberlain and Larry Willey who are representing Lyon.
Convincing a jury that the officials' failure to disclose the risk of Legionnaires' disease caused a death would be difficult, Wayne State University law professor Peter Henning said.
“This case is going to become a battle of the experts, something we don't usually see in a homicide or manslaughter prosecution,” Henning said. “This is a tough case for the attorney general. They can get a conviction but it's not going to be easy.”
The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming “systemic racism” going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Recent news:
BHSI lines up AIGs Cerase as Dubai chief
Adam McNestrie 11 December 2017
Alessandro Cerase is set to leave AIG to become head of Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance (BHSI)'s Dubai branch when it secures regulatory approval, The Insurance Insider can reveal.
Cerase is currently global head of energy and engineered risk at AIG, according to his LinkedIn profile. He is also an oil and petrochemical product line executive, his profile shows.
BHSI, which is expanding its footprint globally, is understood to have applied for approval to establish a presence in the emirate.
The...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
New Jersey's 11th Congressional District seat is up for grabs now that long-term incumbent Republican Rodney Frelinghuysen announced he will not be seeking re-election. Democrats are intent on flipping the seat in November, but first they must muscle through a competitive primary full of strong contenders.
The Democratic field has five candidates: Frontrunner Mikie Sherrill, a U.S. Navy vet from Montclair is leading the pack, closely tailed by financial analyst Tamara Harris of West Orange, former assistant Attorney General Mitchell Cobert of Morristown, history teacher Mark Washburne of Mendham, and economic sociologist Alison Heslin of Sparta.
The 11th District, once considered among the reddest in the state with Frelinghuysen having served 12 terms, is being targeted for a pickup by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC). A grassroots group of Democrats, called NJ 11th For Change, had been dogging Frelinghuysen since the 2016 election, as Donald Trump captured less than 50 percent of the district in the presidential election, barely squeezing out a win over Hillary Clinton by less than a percentage point. After staggering and constant criticism from the group — particularly during the fight over the Affordable Care Act — Frelinghuysen decided to retire from office, despite having been given the powerful position of House Appropriations committee chairman.
Click here for the full article »
MONDAY, April 23, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- How much a woman indulges in alcohol may have ties to her premenstrual syndrome symptoms, a new global research review suggests.
"We estimate that 11 percent of premenstrual syndrome (PMS) cases may be associated to alcohol intake worldwide," according to a team led by Bahi Takkouche, of the University of Santiago de Compostela, in Spain.
The researchers also estimated that about 21 percent of PMS cases might be attributed to alcohol use among American and European women, whose drinking rates are especially high.
The study was based on population data and can't prove cause-and-effect. But one U.S. expert said that, for women bothered by bad PMS, it certainly couldn't hurt to try lowering alcohol use.
"The take-away message is certainly to encourage women diagnosed with PMS to avoid or limit alcohol intake and counsel women to limit alcohol intake as a preventive measure to minimize the likelihood of developing PMS," said Dr. Mitchel Kramer. He directs obstetrics and gynecology at Huntington Hospital in Huntington, N.Y.
As the Spanish study authors explained, PMS severity varies between women and can include mood swings, tender breasts, food cravings, fatigue, irritability and depression. Overall, the researchers estimate that the average woman is likely to experience 3,000 days of disabling PMS symptoms during her reproductive years.
What's the impact of drinking on PMS? To find out, Takkouche's group analyzed findings from 19 prior studies on the issue. Those studies included more than 47,000 women in eight countries.
Based on the collected data, the research showed that about 11 percent of PMS cases worldwide might be associated with alcohol consumption.
That's based on the fact that about 30 percent of women worldwide drink alcohol, with about 6 percent being heavy drinkers.
But in Europe and the United States specifically, drinking rates for women rise to between 50 and 60 percent, and rates of heavy drinking are more than 12 percent, the researchers noted.
That means that about one in every five PMS cases in those regions could be tied to drinking, the report concluded.
Takkouche's team published their findings online April 23 in the journal BMJ Open.
How might boozing affect PMS rates and severity? According to Kramer, "the theory is that alcohol alters the level of steroid sex hormones which has been implicated as a cause of PMS." He said alcohol might also affect certain brain neurochemicals, including serotonin, that "have an impact or causal effect on PMS as well."
Dr. Jennifer Wu is an obstetrician/gynecologist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City. She said the new research might give new insights into treating PMS.
According to Wu, many women are reluctant to take antidepressants or other medications to help ease PMS symptoms.
However, "in light of the new research, non-drug therapy would certainly include decreasing alcohol in the time between ovulation and the patient's period," she said.
Kramer also stressed that more research needs to be done, "especially to identify exactly what the causal relationship is," in terms of alcohol's effect on the female hormonal and reproductive systems.
More information
The U.S. Office on Women's Health has more on PMS.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCES: Jennifer Wu, M.D., obstetrician/gynecologist, Lenox Hill Hospital, New York City; Mitchell S. Kramer, M.D., chairman, department of obstetrics and gynecology, Huntington Hospital, Huntington, N.Y.; BMJ Open, news release, April 23, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Despite what some of the commentary has implied, the manifesto is not an unhinged rant. Its quasi-professional tone is a big part of what makes it so beguiling (to some) and also so dangerous.
Cal Ripken Jr. stopped by the ribbon cutting for new athletic fields at Southeast High School, near SE 52nd and Shields in Oklahoma City.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIFFLINBURG -- Hundreds came out for the annual Mifflinburg Safety Fair in Union County.
The safety fair is held every year at the community park as families get the chance to visit with local police, fire, and EMS crews.
Kids could even check out the inside police cruisers.
"It's a fantastic event to kick off summer in the park. We have a great community park and we love to use it for events like this. To see several hundred people out visiting with one another and enjoying themselves is a fantastic feeling for the community," said Mifflinburg Mayor Dave Cooney.
This is the eighth annual safety fair in Mifflinburg.
Britain's Prince Charles, left, gestures next to Romanian Prime Minister Viorica Dancila, at the Victoria Palace in Bucharest, Romania, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
Britain's Prince Charles, left, gestures next to Romanian Prime Minister Viorica Dancila, at the Victoria Palace in Bucharest, Romania, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) - Britain's Prince Charles has arrived for his annual visit to Romania, a place where he charges his batteries and also promotes skills and training in rural Transylvania.
He met Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Wednesday and later met Prime Minister Viorica Dancila in Bucharest, the capital. Later, he will travel to Transylvania, in the northwest.
He owns two properties in the deep, sparsely populated countryside where bears and other wildlife roam wild.
Three years ago, Charles set up the Prince of Wales Foundation Romania, which supports the Eastern European nation's heritage and rural life, and sustainable development.
Charles, who first visited Romania in 1998, will attend a theater festival in the central city of Sibiu next week.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested after an incident at a Kirkintilloch pub on Friday night.
The man has been charged with assault and a breach of the peace after a fracas at the Kirky Puffer at Townhead around 8.10pm on Friday, August 11.
It is alleged he challenged staff to fight and was escorted from the premises.
“Shares of Apple Inc. edged lower premarket Friday, after another report of a problem with an iPhone 8 Plus,” Ciara Linnane reports for MarketWatch.
“Chinese state media reported that a device delivered there had split open, 9to5Mac reported, reigniting concerns about the battery,” Linnane reports. “Earlier this week, a customer from Taiwan and another from Japane reportedly sent pictures to Apple showing their phones split open, which was thought to be caused by the battery swelling due to gases inside the device.”
Full article here.
“Via ThePaper.cn, Liu reportedly took delivery of an iPhone 8 Plus on Thursday only to find that its case was split as soon as he opened up the packaging,” Benjamin Mayo reports for 9to5Mac. “The front screen piece is clearly bent, leaving the device in a non-functional state with the internal components partly exposed.”
“Again unconfirmed, but it is believed that an expansion of the internal battery is causing the devices to split open. Due to the minute tolerances of phones, it only takes a small increase in the size of the component to cause the iPhone to separate,” Mayo reports. “Although details remain murky, it does not appear that any of these devices are delivered in a dangerous condition (it's not like the battery is about to combust) but it does cause inconvenience and create some bad PR for Apple.”
Read more in the full article here.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–James Madison-Richmond Box
RICHMOND 74, JAMES MADISON 71 JAMES MADISON (3-8)
Snowden 1-2 0-0 2, Phillips 5-13 1-4 11, McLean 4-8 0-0 9, Banks 5-10 1-2 13, Mosley 9-14 2-2 25, Jones 3-4 0-0 6, Jacobs 1-1 0-0 2, Lewis 1-5 0-0 3. Totals 29-57 4-8 71.
RICHMOND (2-8)
Golden 5-10 0-0 12, Sherod 3-7 0-0 8, Gilyard 9-16 0-0 23, Buckingham 3-12 0-2 6, Fore 5-10 4-8 14, Friendshuh 0-0 0-0 0, Stansbury 0-1 0-1 0, Madrid-Andrews 0-0 0-0 0, Cayo 0-0 0-0 0, Johnson 3-6 3-3 11. Totals 28-62 7-14 74.
Halftime_28-28. 3-Point Goals_James Madison 9-20 (Mosley 5-9, Banks 2-4, McLean 1-2, Lewis 1-4, Jones 0-1), Richmond 11-28 (Gilyard 5-8, Sherod 2-4, Golden 2-4, Johnson 2-5, Stansbury 0-1, Buckingham 0-6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_James Madison 42 (Phillips 17), Richmond 28 (Buckingham 7). Assists_James Madison 14 (Snowden 6), Richmond 13 (Golden 5). Total Fouls_James Madison 14, Richmond 13.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
× Dog dies in North Park house fire, 10 people displaced
SAN DIEGO — Several people were displaced and a dog died after flames tore through a San Diego home early Monday.
The blaze broke out around 12:30 a.m. at 3075 Polk Avenue in North Park, fire officials said.
Firefighters put out the flames in 22 minutes, according to officials. One person was taken to a hospital for smoke inhalation and up to 10 residents were displaced. Two cats were rescued from the blaze.
A neighboring home was also damaged by the flames.
It is not yet known what caused the fire. The damage is estimated at more than $300,000.
Reed told the jury he called Shurtleff to tell him, "We can't do this."
"His response to me was, 'Well, I kinda already told them that we would,' " Reed said.
Swallow has pleaded not guilty in 3rd District Court to 13 felony and misdemeanor charges, stemming from allegations of fostering a pay-to-play climate inside the attorney general's office.
The latest from Day 6 of the trial:
9:20 a.m.
Before court got underway Wednesday, prosecutors gave Judge Elizabeth Hruby-Mills a rundown of expected witnesses. The list included an attorney and the director of the state's consumer protection agency, but not Jeremy Johnson.
Johnson is the imprisoned St. George businessman who gave campaign dollars to Mark Shurtleff and later reached out to John Swallow for help with a Federal Trade Commission investigation of his online marketing business.
That is an effort that Johnson told Shurtleff about in 2012, calling it an attempt to bribe then-Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev. Shurtleff took that information to the FBI.
Johnson also let Swallow use his private plane, a house in St. George and a $1 million houseboat on Lake Powell — events that are tied to one of the gift charges Swallow faces.
On Wednesday, Swallow's defense team asked the court why prosecutors had left Johnson off their list of witnesses.
Deputy Salt Lake County District Attorney Chou Chou Collins said that her office heard late Tuesday that Johnson's attorneys don't want him talking to anyone.
Collins said that leaves her unclear about whether he can be called as witness. She said her co-counsel, Fred Burmester was trying to sort out the issue.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Five men are on the run after stealing a large, heavy Thor-themed whisky decanter from a Melbourne bar.
Images of the group have been released after they took the custom-made decanter, in the shape of Thor's mystical hammer from the popular superhero franchise, after drinking at the Melbourne East bar on Saturday night.
The men, aged in their 30s and described as Caucasian, told staff "we came back from the hammer" before disappearing, police said.
The decanter weighs 8kg and is 60cm long with a leather-bound shaft and engravings on its head.
The United States has plans to revamp its nuclear arsenal, largely in response to Russian actions in recent years
Published 11:21 PM, February 03, 2018
MOSCOW, Russia – Moscow on Saturday, February 3, denounced the "bellicose" and "anti-Russian" nature of new US nuclear policy, warning it would take necessary measures to ensure its own security.
"The bellicose and anti-Russian nature of this document is obvious," the foreign ministry said in a statement, adding that it was "deeply disappointed".
"We must take into account the approaches that are now circulating in Washington and take necessary measures to ensure our security," the ministry said.
The Pentagon on Friday revealed plans to revamp its nuclear arsenal, largely in response to Russian actions in recent years.
The United States already has a massive nuclear arsenal, including 150 B-61 nukes stored across multiple European countries that can be configured for low-yield options.
The new weapons envisioned by the Pentagon would be launchable from submarines or ships, so would not need to be stockpiled in Europe.
Moscow also said the move was "an attempt to put into question (Russia's) right to legitimate defense".
"We hope that Washington is conscious of the high level of danger," the new policy represents, it said.
The document is filled "with all sorts of anti-Russian cliches" and "ends with unfounded allegations" that Russia has breached agreements on arms control.
The foreign ministry said Russia would "strictly respect its obligations in respect to all the international accords."
The US says Russia has developed, tested and deployed an intermediate-range missile system that breaks its commitments under a 1987 treaty between Washington and the Soviet Union.
Moscow has repeatedly denied claims that its recent deployment of a land-based missile system breaks the treaty. – Rappler.com
Turkey on Sunday endorsed a proposal to grant President Erdoğan with a series of sweeping new powers, and to shift the country away from a parliamentary system. However the international community has lambasted the process as undemocratic. We'll be taking a look at how this might affect Turkey's relations with neighboring countries.
US Vice President Mike Pence has issued a stern warning to North Korea during his trip to the South Korean capital of Pyongyang. We'll be taking a look at what the US intends to do, and asking whether its recent attacks on Syria and Afghanistan are part of a wider international strategy.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com.
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Apple has finally released the latest version of its iOS operating system for its iPhone and iPad. Yes, the iOS 11.4 is officially made available to the public. The company has added support for Messages in iCloud, along with many other features. The update includes the AirPlay 2 update which will allow two HomePod speakers to work together like a stereo pair.
The company has first announced the messages in iCloud a year ago at WWDC 2017. It is a way to keep the conversations up-to-date across all the Apple devices like iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Mac. With this feature, you need not have to take backup of message conversations every time you change a device.
Messages took a lot of local storage of the device, especially when it comes to photos and attachments. Sometime to acquire even gigabytes of storage. Thanks to this feature everything will be saved to iCloud including attachments, which will free up the local storage space.
For security purpose, Apple has made the messages end-to-end encrypted. The messages will be protected by a device passcode which only the device owner will know. It's difficult for anyone to access or read the data. The Messages in iCloud feature had first debuted in early betas of iOS 11 last summer but was later company decided to pull it before the iOS public release.
Airplay 2 is also among one of the most anticipated features that the users have been waiting for. The new feature for Apple HomePod makes it more useful for the users. The Airplay 2 brings multi-room audio support, which implies that multiple devices which are supporting this feature can be used for playing same music across a user's home.
The most important improvement with the update is the "Black Dot" Unicode bug which was reported for the crashing apps on iOS devices with a specific character sequence involving certain emojis. The release of iOS 11.4 has addressed the bug, now the sequence of characters will no longer cause apps like Messages to crash.
Apple also claims that the update also successfully fixes an issue which was causing iMessages to appear out of order on some devices. It was a frustrating bug that's been around for quite some time and the bug has received a ton of complaints on the Apple help forum.
According to Mac Rumors, there are several additional bug fixes included in iOS 11.4, as outlined below in Apple's release notes:
- Addresses an issue that could prevent logging in or accessing files on Google Drive, Google Docs and Gmail in Safari
- Fixes an issue that could prevent data syncing in Health
- Fixes an issue that could prevent users from changing what apps can access Health data.
- Fixes an issue where CarPlay audio could become distorted
- Fixes an issue where selecting music from your iPhone could fail when playing music over Bluetooth or when connected to USB on some vehicles.
Source
Rejectionist circles in both communities are already working toward a ‘No' vote, despite key elements of a proposed solution not yet agreed, Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci said in his new year's address, which was released in Turkish, Greek, and English on Monday.
In his message, Akinci referred to the upcoming Geneva summit, saying that all interested parties will attend a conference on Cyprus.
“It is no secret that, despite progress on many issues, points of disagreement remain, for which solutions are needed,” he said.
“We depart for Geneva, where we will try to secure a solution that will allow both communities to live in equality, freedom, and security,” he said.
“We will attend the Geneva conference with the determination to defend our community's rights, without overlooking the rights of the other community.”
Over the last 19 months of talks, Akinci said, many convergences were achieved.
“In Geneva, in a last and strong effort, we will try to settle all remaining issues,” he said.
“Our work is not easy, as the issues left for last are usually the hardest to tackle.”
Akinci said he was saddened to realise that “certain circles in south Cyprus and Greece” have not yet accepted the solution of a bizonal, bicommunal, federal republic, and have created a front supporting the ‘No' campaign.
A similar campaign, he added, he has identified in the north and Turkey by some circles, “even though important elements of the solution remain to be agreed”.
These circles, the Turkish Cypriot leader said, use individuals who hold “offices” as part of a premeditated plan of action, trying to tarnish his image.
“Such attacks, at a moment when we are trying to best defend our rights in Geneva, and find a viable and fair solution, are unjustified,” he said.
Meanwhile, in his own new-year's message, UN special envoy for Cyprus Espen Barth Eide said it is a real possibility that 2017 will be the year that Cypriots freely decide to “turn the page of history”.
In his message, Eide said that “it is important to remember that it is the people who will make the final decision, once the leaders have done their job”.
Building lasting peace, he said, means understanding the fundamental concerns of all peoples in a spirt of reconciliation, respect and recognition.
“The communities in Cyprus are fortunate to have two such leaders, Mr Anastasiades and Mr Akinci, both of whom are demonstrating the political will and strategic leadership to end a conflict that has divided their common homeland for way too long,” Eide said.
According to Eide, the peaceful reunification of the island this year could offer a historic opportunity.
“Across the island, I am encouraged by my meetings with young and old Cypriots, civil society activists, business leaders, religious leaders and so many others who are all helping to shape the course of Cyprus' future,” Eide said, adding that their voice in support of a solution, is getting louder and demonstrates the strong desire for peace amongst Cypriots.
March 28 Aradigm Corp
* Aradigm announces fourth quarter 2016 and full year financial results
* Q4 loss per share $0.54
* Aradigm Corp - company recorded $125,000 in revenue in Q4 of 2016 compared with $35,000 in revenue in Q4 of 2015
* Aradigm Corp - As of December 31, 2016, company's cash and cash equivalents totaled $22.6 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The annual devotions take place tonight, Monday 14 August, at Ladywell Shrine Dundalk.
The devotions begin at 11pm, starting with the Rosary.
This will be followed by Mass with Blessing of the Water at midnight.
Personal devotions take place all day on Tuesday 15 August.
The committee would like to welcome everyone along to the event.
The race for the U.S. Senate seat in Texas may be closer than some thought. A new Quinnipiac Poll shows the race between Ted Cruz, right, and Beto O'Rourke, left, is in a dead heat. O'Rourke - AP / Cruz - Star-Telegram archives
Apparently, the county employees were not as good this year. The commissioners, who get to decide who is naughty and who is nice, granted those workers only a 1.2 percent cost-of-living increase.
The commissioners are taking heat in Tooele County because, in July 2015, they promised not to accept a salary increase other than a cost-of-living adjustment.
Now, some letters to the Tooele Transcript-Bulletin are calling the commissioners liars and asking for a recall.
Bitner and Bateman acknowledge making the promise in 2015 (after stepping back from an initial 24 percent salary hike proposal), but they told the newspaper that the promise was made under duress.
"Two years ago, we were intimidated by a small but vocal group of citizens, Bitner told the paper. "And that is not a good way to govern."
Added Bateman: "That promise was made under duress. Not adjusting salaries at that time was a mistake we need to correct."
Bitner said the commissioners changed their jobs in 2010 to full-time status, but with no salary adjustment at that time. As CEOs of the county, he argued, commissioners' pay should be commensurate with that of other elected officials.
The news raise puts the commissioners' annual salary at just over $87,000. It becomes effective this month.
Speaking of snow jobs • Besides the pay increase the commissioners gave themselves, they also voted for a nearly 9 percent tax increase this year, which will bring in about $780,000 in new revenue.
But before voters get too worked up about that, the tax hike might be due to the political manipulations of another group of politicians: Utah legislators.
The Republican-dominated Legislature and the GOP governor boast every year that they stick to good conservative principles by not raising taxes.
But that doesn't mean taxes in Utah are not going up. Lawmakers just make sure they are not the ones who get blamed for it.
Tooele is one of nine counties that raised property taxes for 2017. The others are Box Elder, Cache, Carbon, Davis, Juab, Sanpete, Wasatch and Weber.
That is largely because the Legislature has bills requiring counties to provide more expensive services without the state compensation needed to pay for them.
So the legislators can say they are passing bills to help more people in need and also maintain they didn't raise taxes. They appear as heroes going into the next election cycle.
SGA goes one month without legislation
SGA has gone one full month without legislation for the semester.
At the Feb. 28 meeting, according the minutes, there was no report from Executive Secretary Colin Crist, Chief Justice Waqas Ahmed, or President Frank Burns.
The only report came from Vice President Jordan Reedy discussing the Archwood Reception on March 21.
So far this semester, SGA has voted on an increase in student fees by $23 and
Last semester, there were nine resolutions presented to SGA.
By the end of the Spring 2017, there were over 30 resolutions and over 20 acts in compared to this years nine.
Out of those nine, five of the resolutions passed and went on to Tribunal review.
Resolution No. 1 sent a formal letter of recommendation to the Foy Fitness Center requesting to place an Eno location there.
Resolution No. 2 sent a formal letter of recommendation to the Physical Plant to remove the dumpsters near Sevier Hall and Subway.
Resolution No. 3. sent a formal letter of recommendation to the Physical Plant requesting two organization specific parking spots at Greek Village.
Resolution No. 4 sent a formal letter of recommendation to the Office of the Registrar to better align APSU's spring break to Clarksville-Montgomery County School System's.
Resolution No. 5 offers the opportunity to donate left over plus dollars to students in need.
Resolution No. 6, 7, 8 and 9 were presented towards the end of the semester, but were not picked up on this spring due the authoring senator resigning.
Additionally, Act No. 1, 2 and 3 all passed as well.
Act No. 1 amended SGA's Bylaws and Constitution by fixing the discrepancy regarding quorum for Tribunal.
Act No. 2 requires Senators to be a part of a committee to better plan large SGA sponsored events.
Act No. 3 requires that the Student Representative for the APSU Board of Trustee's shall not hold a position within SGA.
SGA meets at 5 p.m. every Wednesday in MUC 305.
0 Liberty Island evacuated as woman scales Statue of Liberty
A woman has tried to scale the Statue of Liberty in New York City.
WNBC reported that the woman was seen scaling the statue after an “Abolish ICE” banner was unfurled below the statue.
>> Read more trending news
United States Park Police public information officer Sgt. Dave Somma told WABC Liberty Island was evacuated as a precaution and that the woman made it to the midsection of the statue.
According to live video from WABC, the woman is sitting at the base of the statue, occasionally moving and waving a T-shirt. WNB reported that the shirt read “rise and resist,” which is the name of a non-profit activism organization.
WNBC reported that there was an “Abolish ICE” protest earlier in the day. United States Park Police arrested seven people from that rally. The banner and protest was organized by Rise and Resist NYC.
“Rise and Resist was at the Statue of Liberty demanding Trump and the GOP #AbolishICE, reunite families now, halt deportations, and end detention as a deterrent,” the group said in a Facebook post Wednesday.
The group has denied any connection to the climber.
“The climber on the Statue of Liberty has no connection to our #abolishice action earlier today,” the group said on Twitter.
The Climber on the Statue of Liberty has no connection to our #abolishice action earlier today. @NYDailyNews @ABC — Rise and Resist (@riseandresistny) July 4, 2018
About forty minutes after the tweet was posted, Rise and Resist member Annette Gaudino told WNBC that the woman who climbed the statue is part of the group, but decided to scale Lady Liberty on her own.
“Rise and Resist planned a banner drop today at the Statue of Liberty,” the group said in a Twitter post after Gaudino's interview. “This action did not include the climber on the statue. Our action was completed earlier. While it was not part of our action, our first priority and concern is for the safety of the climber.”
Rise and Resist planned a banner drop today at the Statue of Liberty. This action did not include the climber on the statue. Our action was completed earlier. While it was not part of our action, our first priority and concern is for the safety of the climber. — Rise and Resist (@riseandresistny) July 4, 2018
WNBC reported that police have brought a ladder to the base of Lady Liberty and are beginning to scale the statue. WABC video shows officers evaluating the situation at the base corridor of the statue and speaking to the woman.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — An anti-corruption agency established in Ukraine two years ago was expected to be the driving force that would uproot the endemic graft that depleted the nation's resources and worried its Western allies.
But the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine instead has come under fire from allies of President Petro Poroshenko who are trying to curtail its operations and authority.
NABU chief Artem Sytnik told The Associated Press in a weekend interview that fear is behind the recent attempts by political and business elites to weaken the agency that was supposed to be a visible symbol of reform in Ukraine.
“The old and new elites are quite scared” after realizing “there are no untouchables anymore,” Sytnik said.
Last month, the Security Service of Ukraine and the prosecutor general's office derailed a sting operation by undercover NABU agents to catch a State Migration Service official suspected of issuing passports and residence permits for bribes. The agencies accused NABU of illegal eavesdropping and released the names of its agents, blowing their covers.
Poroshenko's faction and its allies in parliament also have submitted a bill that would allow lawmakers to fire the anti-corruption agency's director with a simple majority vote. Under current law, NABU's chief can only be fired for a criminal conviction, a provision that was intended to ensure independence.
“Those attacks are directly linked to the fact that we investigate an increasing number of criminal cases involving people who are in control of the media, material or administrative resources, which they turn against us,” Sytnik said.
Since its creation in 2015, NABU has investigated 461 cases involving business executives, government officials and judges accused of involvement in corrupt schemes.
Sytnik thinks the current campaign against his agency results from a probe that targeted the son of Interior Minister Arsen Avakov for alleged involvement in a scheme to embezzle 14 million hryvnias (about $520,000) allocated for purchasing police rucksacks.
Avakov has insisted his son was innocent and alleged that NABU of falling under political influence.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde expressed concern about the recent developments “that could roll back progress that has been made in setting up independent institutions to tackle high-level corruption, including the National Anti-Corruption Bureau.”
“Fighting corruption is a key demand of the Ukrainian society, is crucial to achieving stronger and equitable growth, and is part of the government's commitment under the program with the IMF,” Lagarde said in a statement last week.
She urged the Ukrainian government and parliament to safeguard NABU's independence and to move quickly to set up an independent anti-corruption court “to credibly adjudicate high-level corruption cases.”
IMF made the establishment of a court where corruption cases could be prosecuted a condition for releasing further installments of a $17.5-billion aid package as Ukraine grapples with the separatist conflict in the east.
In what was seen as another attempt to block anti-corruption efforts, lawmakers from Poroshenko's faction and their allies voted Thursday to dismiss the chairman of the anti-corruption committee in parliament.
“The former and present corrupt elite have colluded,” the ousted committee head, Yegor Sobolev, said. “Their plan is to break the independence of anti-corruption bodies, replace them with fake ones and stop the process of cleaning the government,” he added.
Popular anger over corruption was a factor in months of protests that drove Ukraine's former Russia-leaning president from office in February 2014. Poroshenko's failure to oversee progress has caused growing impatience and triggered calls for his impeachment led by Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgia president turned Ukrainian opposition leader.
After leading several rallies in Kiev, Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that he colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple the president. Saakashvili scoffed at the charges, alleging they resulted from longtime hostility between him and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“The detention of Saakashvili shows how far Poroshenko is ready to go to muzzle his opponents and those who expose corruption,” Sobolev said.
Thousands of Saakashvili's supporters marched across the Ukrainian capital Sunday, demanding his release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached.
“Poroshenko is continuing the worst traditions of the old nomenklatura,” said Vitaly Shabunin, the head of watchdog group the Center for Fighting Corruption. “The same old elites, the same people have taken different political slogans, but their way of thinking and their goals have remained the same.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* Japan Coast Guard says lumps of black oil have reached the shores of southwestern Japanese island Amami-Oshima
* Coast Guard says checking to see if this is oil from stricken Iranian tanker Sanchi that sank in January in the East China Sea
* Japan Coast Guard said was notified of the black lumps by the public on Thursday (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Tom Hogue)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — During recent trips to Croatia and Malta, a Dubai-based billionaire and business partner of the Trump Organization looked more like a head of state himself — mingling with government dignitaries, receiving a presidential reception and visiting the glittering Mediterranean Sea.
Hussain Sajwani met with leaders in the two European nations and addressed local journalists, many of whom referred to his ties to President Donald Trump or simply called him “the Donald of Dubai.”
Sajwani's trips, as well as a recent deal in Oman, show that Trump's business partner in Dubai wants to expand his development empire beyond the Mideast and a tower under construction in London.
Enter Sajwani's DAMAC Properties, which launched a new effort this week to sell Trump-branded villas at the golf course bearing the American president's name.
“My dream is as we have put our major, iconic tower in London, that we do repeat that in major gateway cities around the world,” Sajwani said in a July online video. “Tokyo, Toronto, New York, Paris, I don't know. But that would be a dream — to grow DAMAC with its iconic brands around the world.”
Sajwani's dream for a global expansion — as well his growing online presence among social media videos and posts — received a major boost with Trump taking the White House. It also raised the public profile of a billionaire whose fortune grew in part out of contracting work his companies did in supplying U.S. forces during the 1991 Gulf War that expelled Iraqi forces from Kuwait.
DAMAC Properties declined an Associated Press interview request with Sajwani. In a statement, DAMAC spokesman Niall McLoughlin said the company is “exploring opportunities in major gateway cities across Europe and the U.S., hence the numerous and ongoing meetings over the past many years” by Sajwani.
Sajwani wholeheartedly embraced Trump, even as the U.S. presidential candidate's campaign saw him call for a “complete shutdown” of Muslims coming to the United States. Once reaching office, Trump's travel ban on six predominantly Muslim countries avoided naming the UAE, a major U.S. ally that hosts some 5,000 American troops and is the U.S. Navy's busiest foreign port of call.
In February, Trump's sons Eric and Donald Jr. opened the Trump International Golf Club in Dubai , the first of two to be built in the sheikhdom by Sajwani. DAMAC share prices have nearly doubled from 2.17 dirhams (59 cents) a share on the day of the U.S. election in November, to a high of over 4 dirhams ($1.09).
That made Sajwani, who owns over 70 percent of DAMAC stock, even richer.
However, economies overall have slowed across the Middle East amid a glut in global oil prices. An ongoing diplomatic dispute between Arab nations and Qatar has likely also affected DAMAC, as 6 percent of all its customers from 2014 to 2016 were Qataris, according to an April filing by the company on the Nasdaq Dubai. DAMAC announced results Monday that put its second-quarter earnings at 704 million dirhams ($191.6 million), down from 864 million dirhams ($235.2 million) in the same period last year.
Facing that sluggish market, Sajwani has begun to look abroad.
In Oman, he signed a deal in June with the state-run Oman Tourism Development Co. for DAMAC to help redevelop Port Sultan Qaboos in Muscat, a project valued overall at $1 billion.
Then in July, Sajwani visited Croatia and met with President Kolinda Grabar Kitarovic. Sajwani also visited tourist towns along the coast of the Adriatic Sea, according a DAMAC statement at the time. The local branch of Colliers International, a commercial real estate firm headquartered in Toronto, said it organized the three-day trip for Sajwani, trying to pitch him on developments on the Istria peninsula and Central and Southern Dalmatia.
DAMAC “continues to look at the investment opportunities” in Croatia, primarily along the Adriatic, said Vedrana Likan, the managing partner of Colliers' Croatian arm.
Sajwani then traveled to Malta, an archipelago nation off Italy in the Mediterranean Sea, and met with Prime Minister Joseph Muscat.
Both Croatia and Malta are members of the European Union, which Emirati citizens have been able to travel to without visas since 2015. That can drive business for any possible DAMAC project in either country, as well as create new European interest in Dubai, where the developer makes its real money, said Issam Kassabieh, an analyst with the UAE-based firm Menacorp Finance.
“It's a very effective method of branding,” Kassabieh said. “Once foreign investors see the DAMAC name in Europe, they'll follow it all the way back to the source, which is Dubai, so they can capitalize on it here.”
Meanwhile, DAMAC Properties just this week launched a new set of Trump-branded duplex villas, priced from 2.96 million dirhams ($806,000) that include three-year memberships at the golf course. The company previously offered stand-alone villas at prices starting at 5 million dirhams ($1.3 million) up to 15 million dirhams ($4 million).
The Trump Organization, now run by Trump's adult sons though the president hasn't divested from it, also tweeted that the new villas were for sale . It told the AP that the villas are “not a new project” and represented “our longstanding relationship with DAMAC Properties.”
While DAMAC merely mentions Trump as representing “the most respected developments throughout the world,” one Dubai newspaper more bluntly suggested buyers could “own a piece of the Trump name.”
And while it remains unclear how Sajwani trades on his Trump ties in private meetings with foreign leaders, advertising and marketing by DAMAC prominently features Trump. That could lead to potential conflicts, said Norman Eisen, who served as President Barack Obama's lead ethics attorney and who now is a part of a watchdog group suing Trump for his alleged violations of a clause of the U.S. Constitution that prohibits foreign gifts and payments.
If Sajwani “is featuring the Trump name in his marketing materials and if, as one can fairly assume, that's being furnished to government officials and others, then that would be a not-very-subtle attempt to trade on his business partner's presence in the White House,” Eisen said.
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . His work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on the climate summit taking place in Paris (all times local):
9:55 a.m.
Top world officials have opened a climate summit in Paris by saying investors and the entire global financial system need to shift faster toward energy and businesses that don't worsen climate change.
The prime minister of the island nation of Fiji said “we are all in the same canoe,” rich countries and poor. Opening the summit, Frank Bainimarama said “financial pledges need to flow faster through more streamlined systems and make a difference on the ground.”
Advertisement
Japan's Foreign Minister Taro Kono described ways Japan is investing in climate monitoring technology and hydrogen energy, but acknowledged “we have to do more and better.”
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday's summit is aimed at making efforts to cut emissions more “credible.”
The summit, co-hosted by the U.N., World Bank and French President Emmanuel Macron, is being held on the second anniversary of the Paris climate accord, ratified by 170 countries.
___
9:50 a.m.
Activists pretending to represent a massive wave of oil are holding a protest in Paris at the start of an international climate summit.
A few hundred protesters demonstrated Monday in front of the domed Pantheon monument on Paris' Left Bank as hundreds of world leaders, financiers and others gathered across town for the summit. The protesters unfurled a massive sheet and carried a huge banner reading “Not one more euro for energies of the past.”
CEOs of banks and energy companies are joining more than 50 heads of state at the summit, which is aimed in part at speeding up investment in energy that doesn't damage the climate.
French President Emmanuel Macron hosted leading world philanthropists Tuesday morning to encourage more climate-related investment.
___
8:15 a.m.
More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Macron, who's also using the event to raise his international profile, did not invite Trump.
Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it sped toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet (1.2 to 2.1 meters) from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 65 mph (100 kph) by Friday afternoon and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before brushing by the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans.
The storm was located about 90 miles (145 kilometers) northeast of the Mexican resort island of Cozumel and had accelerated its north-northwest movement to 22 mph (35 kph).
Authorities cancelled Friday afternoon classes in parts of Mexico's Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo, where Cozumel and Cancun are located. Gov. Carlos Joaquin said it appeared the storm would stay well offshore and not hit land, adding "that, I believe, is good news."
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokeswoman, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday she had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. She didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesman for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by "dark on Saturday."
Louisiana's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
BURLINGTON, Ont. — Police have laid charges against the father of a three-year-old Ontario boy who died after being left in a hot car last week.
Halton regional police say 37-year-old Shaun Pennell of Burlington, Ont., faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and one count of failing to provide the necessaries of life.
Police have said officers got a call on May 23 from a "hysterical'' man, indicating that a child was in a vehicle and was not breathing.
They said the boy was outside a grey Ford Escape when emergency crews arrived and paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene.
Sahara Force India F1 Team driver Esteban Ocon says the VJM10 looks competitive so far this weekend, and he is confident of a strong result in the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Frenchman felt the car looked good today in both dry and wet conditions. In Free Practice 1 they got in plenty of running in anticipation of the rain later in the day, and that proved to be the right strategy as the rain fell for the majority of the second practice session. Ocon went out nevertheless to evaluate the performance of the VJM10 in wet conditions, and was happy with the way the car felt, with no worries should they get rain on race day.
Although they were unable to complete a full exploratory set-up programme, because of the rain, the 21-year-old believes they are well set for tomorrow and the race, with perhaps a few small tweaks needed in the morning.
“The morning session went well and we did a lot of work because we were expecting the rain later in the day.
“During FP2, we went out to experience the conditions and the car felt strong, so I'm not worried if the rain comes back tomorrow. If it's wet or dry, we have a well-balanced car and we can be competitive.
“In the dry the car was not far away from where I wanted it to be – similar to how the car felt in Malaysia, so that's a good sign.
“We didn't have much time to work on the set-up adjustments, but I have a good feeling and we know where we need to focus tonight.”
3 July 2018 — Rapid MFG proposes to you the many useful tools and manufacturing for projects of any range. If you are planning to start a new project and need a rapid prototyping or a low-volume manufacturing to purchase, then you will definitely need the advice of Rapid MFG. The many advices that can definitely help people get the necessary parts of enquiry will assure for you a nice experience and a fast start of your business.
The website of Rapid MFG is a very user friendly web page, that presents all the necessary info about their services. If you somehow would like to know more about their services, then do not hesitate to select the Contact us rubric in order to send a message to the Rapid MFG representatives and get as fast as possible a relevant answer. The personal service of Rapid MFG contains a lot of advantages provided by the CEO and Founder of the company whose experience is presented right on their website.
Why Rapid MFG is one of the most worth choices to take into consideration? The Rapid MFG services are designed for beginner and small companies who are not sure about their knowledge about the factory needed enquiries. For any advice and help, Rapid MFG is ready to give the best service from the initial design of your facility to the successful delivery of the parts. The many engineers of Rapid MFG will ensure a perfect match with your all requirements and needs. One other point to refer to, Rapid MFG is really a great option for people not sure about where to buy everything necessary. Almost any service related to the facility designing will be the task of Rapid MFG. Last but not least, you will remain totally impressed by the actual Rapid MFG offerings and prices, that is why do not hesitate to find out more about them.
About Rapid MFG:
Rapid MFG is a company with a 16 years old experience that helps to grow companies to have the proper facility parts in time. With the hugest knowledge in engineering and technology, Rapid MFG is able to advise and aid small companies. If you are interested in similar services, then do not wait to contact them.
Contact:
Company Name: Rapid MFG
Address: 3rd Building, Beifanf Yongfa Sci. & Tech Park, XinerXinQiao Shajing Twon, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong, China
Email: engineers@rapid-mfg.cn
Phone: +86 0755 27284387
Website: http://www.rapid-mfg.cn/
Hundreds of new emoji, including more emotive smiley faces, gender-neutral characters, clothing options, food types, animals, mythical creatures and more, are coming to iPhone and iPad with iOS 11.1.
The new emoji is designed to reveal every detail and adapted from approved characters in Unicode 10. iOS 11.1 will also include characters announced on World Emoji Day like Woman with Headscarf, Bearded Person, Breastfeeding, Zombie, Person in Lotus Position and new food items such as Sandwich and Coconut. Also included in the update is the Love-You Gesture, designed after the “I love you” hand sign in American Sign Language.
The new emoji will debut in next week's developer and public beta previews of iOS 11.1, and will be available in upcoming software updates for iOS, macOS and watchOS.
FILE- In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, Kansas City Royals starting pitcher Jason Vargas throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Kansas City, Mo. Vargas is expected to miss four to six weeks after fracturing a bone in his right hand. The 35-year-old Vargas was hit on the hand by a line drive during a minor league game Friday, March 16, 2018. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File)
FILE- In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, Kansas City Royals starting pitcher Jason Vargas throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Kansas City, Mo. Vargas is expected to miss four to six weeks after fracturing a bone in his right hand. The 35-year-old Vargas was hit on the hand by a line drive during a minor league game Friday, March 16, 2018. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File)
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. (AP) - Jason Vargas wants to make his regular-season debut with the New York Mets as soon as possible - even if it takes more than a month past opening day.
The lefty could miss up to six weeks after he has surgery Tuesday for a broken right hand, an injury incurred last week when he was hit by a line drive during a minor league game.
Vargas met with a hand specialist over the weekend to talk about the test results. He then opted to have the operation.
"I don't know if I was surprised," Vargas said. "It kind of reinforced what some of the CT scans and how they were read the first time. Getting the word from the specialist is kind of the defining fact on what needed to be done. This is the fastest way to get better."
Vargas threw a bullpen session Monday morning, but it wasn't without difficulty.
The 2017 All-Star had to loosen the laces on his glove to get his right hand inside the mitt, then tightened the laces to keep his pitching balance the same. And he didn't take a return throw from his catcher.
"It's all going to depend on how things go post-op, but the word is I should get back to throwing in about five days after surgery. It's definitely a positive that I won't have to be shut down and have to rebuild a throwing program," Vargas said.
"Hopefully we don't lose too much because of how fast we're able to get back into throwing," he said.
The 35-year-old Vargas tied for the major league lead with 18 wins last season for Kansas City. He joined the Mets last month, signing a two-year contract for $16 million with an option for a third year.
Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said at the time he had his eye on Vargas from the start of free agency, saying he liked the durability the pitcher displayed by working nearly 180 innings in 32 starts last year in his first full season back from Tommy John surgery in 2015.
Vargas has played in the American League since making two starts for the Mets in 2007. Being back in the National League means he has to bat, which would be affected by his injured hand.
"Regardless if I had fixed it or not, I wouldn't have been able to do the things you have to do at the plate, but being my glove hand, hopefully we can get to moving a little bit quicker and know that we're not going to have any issues when I go to catch a ball when I have an impact on it," said Vargas, who held his injured hand in front of his chest while speaking to the media.
The Mets open at home on March 29 against St. Louis. They won't need a fifth starter to follow opening day starter Noah Syndergaard, Jacob deGrom, Matt Harvey and likely Steven Matz until the middle of next month. Zack Wheeler is in position to be part of the rotation, too.
The Mets play games on 10 consecutive days beginning April 13 when they host the Milwaukee Brewers, bringing the fifth starter into play after two prior weeks with off days.
NOTES: Star OF Yoenis Cespedes went 1 for 3 against Houston starter Justin Verlander and played six innings in the field. Cespedes had a cortisone shot last week for an injured right wrist. ... Wheeler tossed a simulated inning against Dominic Smith and Gavin Cecchini in the morning. The right-hander will start in place of Vargas when the Mets host Washington on Thursday. ... DeGrom will pitch a simulated game on Wednesday and close spring training in Monday's intrasquad game against Triple-A affiliate Las Vegas.
By: Desmond Boyle, Staff Writer
Towson remains undefeated in Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) play this season, thanks to a 10-6 road win over rival Delaware Saturday.
“I'm proud of our guys for overcoming a really emotional performance from Delaware,” Towson Head Coach Shawn Nadelen said. “We really preach the importance to these guys of playing solid for the full 60 minutes, and that gets more important as we get to this part of the season.”
The Blue Hens got on the scoresheet first, playing with a special intensity for Head Coach Bob Shillinglaw's final home game after 39 years in charge of the program.
“Guys were battling for every ground ball, playing hard, and you certainly saw the intensity that comes in a Delaware-Towson game,” Shillinglaw said.
Senior midfielder Brian Bolewicki managed to even the score with his first goal of the night, thanks to an assist from fellow senior midfielder Matt Wylly.
Just a over a minute into the second quarter, freshman attacker Charlie Kitchen, Delaware's second highest scorer, restored the lead for his team.
The Blue Hen's lead would be short lived, however, as senior midfielder Mike Lynch found twine on an assist from fellow senior midfielder Tyler Young.
Delaware scored a quick unassisted goal thanks to redshirt sophomore attacker Andrew Romagnoli, but Towson ended the first half on a 3-0 run to take a 5-3 lead into the intermission.
Senior attackers Tyler Konen and Joe Seider scored, while Lynch scored his second goal of the night during Towson's run.
In the third quarter, Delaware held Towson scoreless and scored two goals to tie the game 5-5 going into the fourth.
In the final stanza, Towson went on a 5-0 run to secure victory and hand Delaware its third straight loss.
Sophomore midfielder Jon Mazza sparked Towson's late run. Bolewicki, Seider, Young and senior attacker Ryan Drenner also found the back of the net during the scoring streak.
Towson will continue CAA play this weekend with a trip to Connecticut to face Fairfield Saturday at 3 p.m.
NGA's West Coast base looking to set down roots with industry as it reaches new heights with satellite data Technology
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) and his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi arrive for a photo opportunity ahead of their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi, India April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) shakes hands with his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi during a photo opportunity ahead of their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi, India April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) reads a joint statement as his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi watches at Hyderabad House in New Delhi, India, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
NEW DELHI India and Australia agreed on Monday to revive stalled talks on a bilateral trade deal but, on a visit to New Delhi, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull conceded that chances of an early breakthrough were slim.
Instead, Turnbull said he was prioritising an Asia-Pacific forum that includes China, amid concerns over access to India's market of 1.3 billion people for farm exports from Australia and opportunities for skilled Indian workers there.
After meeting Indian counterpart Narendra Modi, the Australian leader said that the two had agreed to make a fresh push on a proposed bilateral Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement (CECA).
"We had a very good discussion about the CECA, and I think it's fair to say that progress has not been as fast as either of us would like it to be," Turnbull told a joint news conference.
"We will ask our negotiators to schedule an early meeting to get the process moving."
Turnbull is in the company of other foreign leaders, including Britain's Theresa May, who have found Modi a tough interlocutor on trade.
And, even though the two sides agreed to a fresh round of discussions, he made it clear his priority was now the broader Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP).
The RCEP has emerged as Australia's main opportunity to bolster its trade prospects after U.S. President Donald Trump pulled out of another, broader, trade deal, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, after taking office in January.
It groups the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and a further half-dozen countries, including India, with which ASEAN has free trade deals.
Speaking earlier to Australian journalists, Turnbull said "we've got to be realistic about timing" for a bilateral deal with India. "It's important to have an agreement that meets your requirements," he said.
Bilateral trade with India has doubled over the past decade to around $20 billion (16.13 billion pounds), Turnbull also said, but that was a fraction of what it could and should be.
Turnbull, on a three-day visit to New Delhi and Mumbai, was joined by a business delegation and heads of academic institutions. Australia is second after the United States as the most popular foreign destination for Indians studying abroad.
"We see our temporary migration programme as being conducted in a very focused way, in Australia's national interest. Our commitment is to ensure that, when jobs can be done by Australians, they are done by Australians," he said earlier.
"When there is a genuine shortage of skills, we can bring in skilled persons from overseas - a great many of those have come from India."
(Reporting by Douglas Busvine; Editing by Nick Macfie)
An Egyptian man rows a boat at the Nile River in front of posters depicting Egypt's President Abdel Fattah Al Sisi for presidential elections that reads ‘we've chosen you for a second term', in the town of El Mansoura in the delta north of Cairo, Egypt, on Saturday (Reuters photo)
CAIRO — A political coalition including several high-profile Egyptians sharply criticised President Abdel Fattah Al Sisi on Friday for a speech in which he warned off anyone seeking to challenge his rule, amid growing calls for a boycott presidential elections.
Earlier this week Sisi said additional steps would be taken against anyone looking to upset Egypt's security and warned that the protests of seven years ago, which toppled longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak in 2011, would never happen again.
In a rare public rebuke of Sisi's own remarks, the Civil Democratic Movement called the speech an attempt "to spread fear among Egyptian voters" which "undermines... the integrity of the electoral competition".
Former military commander Sisi was elected in 2014, a year after leading the army to the ousting of Islamist President Mohamed Morsi. He is expected to easily win a vote slated for March 26-28.
The Civil Democratic Movement includes several notable figures, including a former presidential contender as well as Hesham Genena, a former anti-corruption watchdog head who had been campaigning for former military chief of staff Sami Anan, Sisi's top opponent before he was arrested.
The statement follows growing calls to boycott the March vote after all major opposition campaigns withdrew citing intimidation. Anan himself was arrested and halted his presidential bid after the army accused him of breaking the law by running for office without permission.
Sisi now faces a single opponent, who is himself a Sisi supporter, in the March contest.
"Clearing the political space of candidates in the name of preserving security is unconstitutional and does not promote security," the statement said.
Sisi said in the speech that he may call on Egyptians to take to the streets to give him a "mandate" in the face of what he described as "villains", without specifying who he meant.
"We affirm that states are not run by mandates and the mobilisation of supporters in orchestrated gatherings, but rather by constitutions and respect for freedoms," the statement said.
"Is this a mandate in order to uphold freedoms? Or to crush opposition? Or to violate the constitution?" it said.
A search is underway for two men missing on a remote track in remote WA.
Marcus Byers, 41, and George Hotker, 52, left Esperance on June 30 intending to drive to Alice Springs.
Police say the men were last heard from on Sunday when they advised a friend they were at Loongana on the Trans Access Road and were heading north towards the remote Blackstone Community.
The pair failed to arrive and police believe their Toyota LandCruiser may have become bogged following heavy rain.
Police say concerns are held for the men's welfare as it is unknown how much food or water they were carrying.
A search plane has been sent to the area and surrounding pastoral station owners have been notified.
March 29 Paramount Corporation Bhd
* Kdu University College (Pg) Sdn issued rm30.0 million in nominal value of islamic medium term notes (sukuk ijarah)
* Effects of the issuance of sukuk ijarah on consolidated earnings of paramount are not expected to be material Source text ( bit.ly/2mP2l5d ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
POINT PLEASANT — Historic preservation was a topic at the most recent meeting of Point Pleasant City Council, though it was met with mixed reactions.
Rachel Proffitt, of the historic landmark commission, addressed council about the importance of maintaining the city's historic district and how she felt that district helps promote tourism and business development.
Proffitt said Peoples Bank had offered to “gift” the building behind the Main Street Branch next to the old drive-thru and part of the parking lot, to the city. The building was reportedly the home of the practice of Henry J. Fisher, one of the best known attorneys in this section of the state in the 1800s.
Also at the meeting was Charles Humphreys, director of Main Street Point Pleasant which has agreed to take on the rehabilitation of the property as it has done for the Kisar Home, owned by the city. Though the Fisher building and lot would also be owned by the city, Main Street would pursue grants to upgrade the property, including a new roof, fixing the foundation, likely brick work, interior work, including electrical. The thought is, the building could be rehabbed enough to become a focal point at the flood wall, to direct visitors to tourist locations and also sell tram ticket for tours of downtown, eventually. Proffitt specifically cited a West Virginia Division of Culture and History grant which the project may qualify for to assist with the work. She also spoke about the historic landmark commission being in favor of the project and fund raisers which could assist.
“Investment in historic districts just keeps on giving,” she said.
Kyle McCausland, who lives in Southern Mason County and who purchased the lots the Franklin Building sat on along Main Street, was also in support of acquiring the building.
“Your future is based on your history,” he said, cautioning against losing any more buildings. “It's an investment in your town.”
Also in support of the idea was Councilwoman Jerrie Howard, who made the motion to vote on accepting the property.
Mayor Brian Billings said the city had no money or manpower to offer on this project and felt the building was “in bad shape.” Billings also expressed concerns about the availability of funds to rehab the property and what would happen if that didn't happen, citing the Franklin Building on Main Street which the city later demolished on its own dime.
“I'm worried we'll get stuck with another dilapidated property if the grants fall through,” Billings said.
Billings further explained, though he wasn't against the idea, he felt more information was needed concerning the insurance which would be required by the city to carry on the property and he wanted to hear from a representative from Peoples Bank about the offer. Councilwoman Janet Hartley agreed the idea had potential but she needed more information on the details.
Though the motion was seconded for a vote, Howard withdrew her motion to table it for the next meeting, to gather more information.
By Beth Sergent [email protected]
Beth Sergent is editor of Ohio Valley Publishing, email her at [email protected]
Beth Sergent is editor of Ohio Valley Publishing, email her at [email protected]
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
NEW YORK — Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers.
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after he threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. He was penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — The Alabama House of Representatives has voted to block state funds to colleges and universities that declare themselves so-called sanctuary campuses for immigrants in the country illegally.
House members voted 72-28 Tuesday for the bill to authorize the attorney general to block state funds to colleges that do not follow state and federal immigration law.
Rep. Phil Williams, the bill's sponsor, acknowledged no Alabama college has announced intent to flout immigration laws but argued that one might in the future.
Democrats questioned the need for the bill and argued the state had more pressing problems. Montgomery Rep. John Knight called it a “political agenda.”
Sanctuary campus is a loosely defined term embraced by students who want to protect undocumented immigrants on campus from deportation.
The bill now moves to the Alabama Senate.
CLTV — aka customer lifetime value — is a measure of the amount of revenue or profit generated by a customer over the course of a relationship. For marketers in the retail industry, few, if any, KPIs pack as much punch.
But for many organizations, getting an accurate read on CLTV is difficult because customer data is spread out across multiple data sources and customer touch points. These include not only points of sale (in-store, online, phone, mobile apps, IoT, etc.) but also social media and any other way a company interacts with its customers.
Better Customer Visibility With a Customer Data Platform
To bring these data sources together, many companies are turning to Customer Data Platforms. These platforms provide a single view of the customer relationship across channels and interaction points — which makes it easier to calculate CLTV with greater accuracy.
Calculating CLTV is important — but only insofar as it leads you toward improving it. Here again, a CDP plays a critical role by enabling holistic customer visibility required for successful marketing campaigns through one-to-one personalization.
Why Personalize?
Personalization is important because it's what customers want. According to The State of Marketing, a recent report from Salesforce Research, 52 percent of consumers are likely to switch brands if a company doesn't personalize communications to them. For B2B scenarios, the number climbs to 65 percent.
Why do customers want more personalization? Because in an increasingly digital economy, these customers are empowered to go wherever they like and buy from whomever they wish. The result is that the field of competition among retailers has shifted. Price, quality and availability are still important; but increasingly, customers measure you by the customer experience you deliver.
Understanding Customers — and Acting on It
A key way to improve the customer experience is to tailor products, services and interactions to customer preferences. To personalize, in other words.
But to personalize, you need control over and visibility into customer data. With a single, consistent and accurate view of the customer, you can track interactions across channels. This helps you understand whom your customers are, wherever they appear.
This is only a first step. Companies like Fitbit — providers of fitness-tracking apps — know how to use 360-degree customer data to increase loyalty through precision segmentation and retargeting. With comprehensive customer data, these companies can more readily show correlations between customer behavior and the likelihood to buy or remain loyal. Fitbit recently launched a new brand campaign that features user's stories to show that the devices are much more than a step counter. The campaign aims to increase brand awareness and engagement and drive user acquisition by reinforcing the global impact Fitbit has had.
Food logging, for example, is a key indicator of loyalty. One fitness tracker found that “users who logged their food intake within the first week of using the app were more than four times as likely to be retained than those who did not log their food.”
Based on insights like this, you can better segment your customer base. Customers who are likely to be more loyal become your segment for potential add-on services. Other customers for whom you detect potential disengagement can be retargeted with special discounted promotional offers designed to keep them on board.
The Many Faces of Personalization
This is only one example. Companies are figuring out a variety of ways to personalize the customer experience. Take, for instance, Shiseido, a global top 10 beauty brand based in Japan. Shiseido uses a CDP to analyze historical purchase data (the company has been around for over 80 years), demographic data, and recent customer behavior together. This has helped the company generate and send tailored communications that increase personalization on their loyalty app. The result: a 20 percent in-store revenue increase and 38 percent growth in net income, year-over-year.
Another example is Wish, a start-up challenging Amazon's dominance in e-commerce. Wish has put the emphasis on personalization like few in the industry, using a unified view of customer data to build and run an AI-powered marketplace. Wish uses this marketplace to instantaneously connect millions of shoppers and merchants with products offered up based on personal preferences, history and other data.
Predictive, Too
Companies are also using CDPs for analysis, insight and the ability to predict what customers want, before they may know it themselves. A single view of customer data, with the help of machine learning algorithms, is what lies behind the power of recommendation engines. For Amazon and Netflix, these engines help create personalized experiences that keep customers attached — to a virtually unrivaled degree.
In these and many other ways, a holistic view of customer data is what's helping companies deliver highly personalized customer experiences that keep customers loyal and engaged like never before — which is how data insights can be used to increase the lifetime value of your customers.
As a marketer, utilizing data to provide insights can not only help draw in new customers, but also retain current ones. Customers are empowered like never before with a plethora of options, convenience and price points. Companies need to deliver personalized customer experiences to be able to compete with the large companies that have set the standard.
Rob Glickman is chief marketing officer at Treasure Data.
About Casestudyhelp.com
There are many online assignments helps available, but before you buy any, you should thoroughly know about it. Casestudyhelp.com is an online portal that provides assignment help in Sydney. Sometimes completing assignments in today's busy schedule becomes difficult. Casestudyhelp.com provides No. Assignment Help Australia.
Some features of casestudyhelp.com
• It aims to complete the work in time, avoiding any delays in meeting the deadlines
• Submits the best quality of assignments, after thorough research work and study
• The content is original and goes through the plagiarism check
• Casestudyhelp.com is an Assignment Writing Service that keeps the student's requirements in mind.
• When casestudyhelp.com caters to its students in Australia, it hires the best researchers and assignment writers who are well versed with native language and tone and manner of writing
• It is the most authentic option in the market
• Casestudyhelp.com is a very cheap assignment help in Australia
GLENDALE, AZ - Arizona twins are going to have a unique story to tell for the rest of their lives after they were born in different years.
Holly and Brandon Shay weren't expecting their boys to arrive for another few weeks, however, they were shocked when Banner Hospital in Glendale admitted them on New Year's Eve.
After six exhausting hours of labor, their first son, Sawyer, was born at 11:51 p.m.
“I wanted to make sure he was OK, and they had to keep reminding me that I had to push," Holly said.
Just one minute after midnight on January 1, 2017, their second baby, Everett, was born.
The boys who previously shared nine months in the same space won't be sharing a birthday -- or even their birth year.
“I think Sawyer might give his brother a hard time,” Brandon said. “I think it's mostly going to be Sawyer teasing Everett over him being the eldest.”
Both Arkoma-Pocola games on Day 1 of the 2017 LeFlore County Junior High Tournament have been moved to the Arkoma Gym, with the girls' game at 4:30 p.m., followed by the boys' contest at 5:45 p.m.
These new brackets show the change, with any new times for other games showing as well.
The first game of the day at the Heavener Gym will now be the 2:45 p.m. boys play-in game between Shady Point and Cameron, while all games at Bokoshe Tigers Fieldhouse were not changed — other than moving the Arkoma-Pocola boys game to 5:45 p.m. in Arkoma.
The Razorback Event Center games and times were unaffected by the changes.
Earlier this month, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Yuri Borisov confirmed that the military would be modernizing its fleet of Su-35 fighter jets.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Astapkovich PAK FA and Su-35S: The Future of the Russian Air Force
The decision to improve the planes was made on the basis of a thorough analysis of their experience in the Syrian conflict, where several problems were brought to light. Among them was an issue with stones from the runway being sucked into the planes' air intake, as well as technical glitches affecting their lights and cockpit displays.
But these shortcomings have already been fixed. With that in mind, independent military analyst and Svobodnaya Pressa contributor Vladimir Tuchkov suggested that it was only logical to ask what kinds of other upgrades the deputy defense minister had in mind.
"Was the deputy defense minister referring…to improvements limited to optimized air intakes, lights and displays? Or is there something else that needs improvement?" Tuchkov asked. "If it's the latter, the list of issues identified during operations naturally remains a military secret, because the opponent, knowing the planes vulnerable areas, will strike at exactly these points. So this subject is closed to us."
Still, the analyst noted that it was possible to speculate, based on a consideration not only of the Su-35's strong points, but its shortcomings as well.
"The strongest quality of the Su-35S is undoubtedly its supermaneuverability," Tuchkov wrote. "The plane is capable of performing aerobatic maneuvers which no other plane can. It is capable of the unique 'blinchik' ('pancake') maneuver, performing a 360 turn in the horizontal plane without a loss of speed and altitude. When the Su-35 demonstrated its flight capabilities at the Paris Air Show, it was dubbed the 'Russian UFO'."
Tuchkov explained that the plane's supermaneuverability has two components – its thrust-vectoring engines and its highly aerodynamic airframe, inherited from the Su-27 and improved by designers over the course of many years. "Such continuity is something that's not observed by American designers, and as a result the US does not enjoy the continuous improvement of the flight characteristics of its fighter designs on an accruing basis," the analyst noted.
Tuchkov admitted that naturally, if the Su-35S were to come into contact with a low-visibility, 5th-generation aircraft, it would face problems. "The geometry of the Su-35S is such that it cannot be changed to somehow reduce its visibility to enemy radar. There isn't any news in the field of new synthetic materials for this purpose. Russia's Scientific Research Institute of Steel has concentrated their efforts in the field of obtaining particularly strong composite armor, which has demonstrated excellent performance. But nothing else has been heard about new materials lately."
"In addition to its geometry, another factor dramatically increasing the plane's excess visibility is provided by its onboard electronics, and first and foremost by the Irbis radar," the expert wrote.
"The radar system is excellent, and can detect targets with an effective radar cross-section of one square meter at distances of up to 300 km. The/APG-77 radar system installed aboard the F-22 Raptor, which is undoubtedly the best fighter in the US arsenal at the moment, can 'see' the same target at a distance of 225 km. However, the American system, which has an active phased antenna array, emits significantly less signature into the surrounding atmosphere."
Reducing the radar signature emitted by the Irbis radar is difficult, Tuchkov explained, given the nature of the passive phased array antenna technology it uses.
The Su-35S's fire control system is also limited compared to its 5th generation F-22 counterpart, the observer wrote. While the F-22 is capable of simultaneously monitoring 100 targets, and firing at twenty of them, the Su-30 can monitor thirty and fire on eight.
"However, there is some probability that this 'problem' can be solved via the bureaucratic method, which has become a possibility in connection with the possible merger between Sukhoi and MiG Corporation," Tuchkov explained. "In this way, it will be possible for Sukhoi to borrow the Zhuk-AE radar used on the MiG-35."
Then there is the issue of bringing the capabilities of the Su-35S's missile systems in line with its radar capabilities. For example, the Su-35S's radar can detect targets with a radar cross-section of 3 square meters at 400 km. At the same time, the plane's air-to-air missiles have a firing range that's nearly four times lower.
Tuchkov recalled that "until very recently, the Su-35 was almost completely on par with the F-22, armed with the AIM-120C-7 missile, which had an effective range of 120 km. The Su-35S's R-27 missile, adopted into service in the late 1980s, has a range of 110 km. Now, the American plane has adopted a new modification – the AIM 120D, with a range of 180 km."
However, Russia also has an air-to-air missile in the pipeline which will not only match US capabilities, but considerably outpace anything US engineers have in the works. "This is the completely new R-37M, which has a range of 300 km. Now this missile fully corresponds to the capabilities of the Su-35S's radar. It is being fitted aboard the MiG-31BM interceptor. There is information to suggest that it will be part of the T-50 [5th gen] fighter's arsenal."
Ultimately, Tuchkov emphasized that if the R-37M were to be adapted for use aboard the Su-35S, this would fit entirely with the concept of prospective upgrades referred to by the deputy defense minister.
The 4.06 m long, 510 kg R-37M features a 60 kg high-explosive fragmentation warhead. Its inertial guidance system provides for radio correction, if necessary. The missile includes an active radar seeking device, activated in the final portion of flight, with a target capture angle of 120 degrees. The system has two fuses – one contact based and a second based on calculated distance to the target. The missile is capable of reaching speeds of up to Mach 5 in the final stage of flight.
Vitaly V. Kuzmin The R-37M air-to-air missile
"The missile is capable of destroying targets at maneuvering with acceleration of 10g," Tuchkov wrote. "In other words, dodging the R-37M is extremely difficult even for the F-22, which maneuvers with acceleration up to 9.5g."
Finally, Russia has another air-to-missile in store – the KS-172. That missile has an estimated range of 400 km, a maximum flight altitude of 30 km, 12g targeting capability, and a speed of 4,000 km/h. "That missile is being designed for the T-50. If it can be fitted aboard the Su-35S, many of these problems this fighter [might have fighting 5th gen planes] will quickly disappear," Tuchkov concluded.
Ilbouto Micheline began listing the countries represented by the little flags lined up on the mantelpiece of the former church rectory where she lives: Cameroon, Guatemala, Ethiopia. These are the places where Micheline's current and former housemates fled from — immigrants who have won asylum from 42 countries over the past year.
Micheline pointed to the flag of Burkina Faso, the western African nation that she escaped amid life-threatening violence four years ago. Today, she lives in and manages this two-story home known as The Lighthouse, a temporary residence in Jersey City, for those released from immigration detention after seeking asylum to stay in the United States.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Adjuster: Actuals Est. Tckts 1929 1924 1910
NOTE: If daily grosses stop for a movie, it means that the respective studio is no longer tracking it on a daily basis. The exceptions are New Line, Miramax/Dimension and Sony Pictures Classics. They don't do official daily box office, and estimates are made for their movies based on partial data in order to fill out the top 12. Because of this, movies from these studios are more apt to disappear from the daily chart.
Amid ongoing budget negotiations in the Danish government, the anti-immigrant Danish People's Party has demanded further asylum curbs owing to a toughening of rules on family reunification.
As part of the bargaining over the proposed new budget and tax cuts, the Danish People's Party (DF) has ventured that the country's Syrian refugees could soon return to Aleppo rather than seek re-unification with their families in Denmark.
"It is clear that if you are able to soon return to, for example, Aleppo in Syria, that's where family reunification should happen. That's where the asylum seekers should get help to rebuild their houses and making their future. Not by getting family reunification in Denmark," DF leader Kristian Thulesen Dahl said, as quoted by the Danish TV channel TV2.
According to the DF, allowing family reunification in Denmark would make it more difficult to return asylum seekers even once their home countries are deemed safe to return to. Blocking family reunification would thus be a signal to asylum seekers that their stay in Denmark is only temporary.
At present, temporary asylum is commonly granted for a three-year period, after which asylum seekers must reapply to remain in the Nordic country and become eligible to bring their families to Denmark. A change of rules will thus affect a large group of Syrian refugees who arrived in Denmark in 2015.
Denmark's Liberal Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen appeared to be ready to change the rules on family re-unification, as well as on the return of asylum seekers granted temporary residence, to please his parliamentary allies from the DF.
Should the DF's requirement be fully met, up to 4,200 Syrians will be excluded from family reunification provisions, signaling a radical change in Denmark's asylum policy.
By his own admission, Thuselen Dahl wanted the changes to eventually apply to all asylum seekers, including those granted permanent asylum, describing the proposal as a "crowbar to unlock fundamental changes."
In 2015, when the flow of refugees to Europe peaked, Denmark received asylum applications from over 21,000 people, not least from Syria.
Over 405,000 displaced Syrians returned to the Aleppo governorate between January and July 2017, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) reported. The vast majority of them (or 93 percent) had been displaced internally within the country.
The next Juneau Superior Court judge will be a local attorney.
The Alaska Judicial Council, which screened applicants for the bench, named Amy Gurton Mead and Julie Willoughby as nominees.
Mead is the City and Borough of Juneau's municipal attorney. Willoughby is a private defense attorney, who also worked as a public defender and prosecutor. Both women have practiced law for two decades.
Gov. Bill Walker has less than 45 days to select either Mead or Willoughby as the new Superior Court judge for Juneau.
Ten Alaska lawyers originally applied to succeed Superior Court Judge Louis Menendez when he retires at the end of June.
The Alaska Judicial Council,an independent judicial panel, commissioned a survey of Alaska attorneys about each applicant's experience, temperament, fairness and knowledge of the law.
Council Executive Director Susanne DiPietro said council members also interviewed all the applicants.
A public hearing during an unusually warm day in Juneau earlier this month prompted a surprising number of comments.
“There were probably 10 or 15 people in the courtroom on a sunny day, at lunch on Thursday. We were super impressed,” DiPietro said. “The chief justice was thrilled and the council members were thrilled. It was really good testimony.”
Alaska Supreme Court Chief Justice Craig Stowers serves as the head of the seven-member Alaska Judicial Council.
District Court Judge Kirsten Swanson is the other woman currently serving at Juneau's Dimond Courthouse.
District Court Judge Thomas Nave also will retire at the end of June.
This session, the Legislature approved a bill that upgrades that position to a Superior Court seat to handle an increasing caseload.
The judicial council may start advertising for that seat at the end of June, DiPietro said. The council will check each applicants' background this summer and likely hold another public hearing in November in Juneau.
FRISCO — When it comes to futbol and food, Toyota Stadium, home of the FC Dallas has kicked things up a notch. NewsFix hung out with executive chef, Rex Turner, to get the scoop on this season's tasty treats!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Two men were fatally wounded in a drive-by shooting late Monday afternoon in North Philadelphia, police said.
The victims were struck by gunfire shortly after 4 p.m. in the 2900 block of West Wishart Street. A 39-year-old man was rushed by police to Temple University Hospital with gunshot wounds to the chest and back. He was pronounced dead at 4:28 p.m.
The second victim, a 24-year-old man, was shot in the head, chest, and shoulder. Police also transported him to Temple, where he was pronounced dead at 6:13 p.m..
Police said the shots were fired from an SUV.
THE consortium seeking to rehabilitate Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) will submit to the Department of Transportation (DoTr) by early May a revised proposal to accommodate a shorter concession period, which may rule out the construction of a third runway.
NAIA consortium spokesperson Jose Emmanuel F. Reverente said that the DoTr has asked the group to shorten its proposed concession period of 35 years. This may mean, however, that a third runway, which is key to decongesting the gateway and increasing its capacity, may not be built.
“The DoTr has asked us for a shorter concession, around 15 years. However, with the shorter timeline, a third runway seems unlikely,” Mr. Reverente told reporters on the sidelines of an event Tuesday. DoTr Undersecretary for Planning Ruben S. Reinoso said the government does not want its hands tied with a long concession period.
The consortium will “reconfigure” the proposal to factor in the shorter concession period. Mr. Reverente, however, did not disclose other details of the planned revision, saying that these matters are still under discussion.
He said, however, that the proposed people mover, a transportation system for moving passengers and visitors around the airport complex, remains an “essential part” of the consortium's proposal.
The consortium submitted on March 1 the original P350-billion proposal. Its members are Aboitiz Infra Capital, Inc., AC Infrastructure Holdings Corp., Alliance Global Group, Inc., AEDC, Filinvest Development Corp., JG Summit Holdings, Inc. and Metro Pacific Investment Corp. (MPIC).
Phase 1 calls for increasing the airport complex's capacity to 47 million by 2020, and 65 million passengers by 2022. It includes the addition of 250,000 square meters (sq.m.) of floor area, expanding the total to 623,000 sq.m. by 2022 via the expansion of Terminals 1 and 2 (known as the West Hub) and Terminal 3 (East Hub).
Phase 2 involves the construction of a third runway and an integrated hub.
The consortium said last month that it is open to reduce the concession period.
The consortium of GMR Infrastructure Ltd. and Megawide Construction Corp., which submitted a proposal weeks after the NAIA consortium, have expressed “alarm” over plans to modify the terms and features of the latter's unsolicited proposal.
GMR-Megawide submitted a separate rehabilitation proposal worth $3 billion with an 18-year concession.
Under government rules, the implementing agency must evaluate the proposal submitted first, before assessing other proposals.
AC Infrastructure President Jose Rene D. Almendras has said the consortium could receive a notice to proceed for the rehabilitation proposal as early as year's end.
Mr. Reverente said talks are moving forward. “We're pleased by the progress. The fact that they are requesting a shorter concession means they are considering our proposal,” he added. — Patrizia Paola C. Marcelo
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Cheltenham man who was given a suspended jail term after admitting cocaine-fuelled dangerous driving has lapsed back into drug use, a judge heard.
Marcus Baxter, 20, of Millham Road, Bishops Cleeve, near Cheltenham appeared at Gloucester Crown Court for a formal review of his drug rehabilitation order.
Probation service officer Neil Hewitt told Judge Paul Cook this was the third review since the sentence was imposed in January.
The judge noted “It seems he is engaging very well, being very honest, but also that drug use is a problem.”Mr Hewitt said that was right, adding “He seems to have relapsed in this review period after a very good review last time.”However Mr Hewitt said Baxter was trying hard, and had been applying for work.Baxter confirmed last month had been a 'struggle' but said he was trying to gain work to reduce feelings of boredom which he felt were a trigger for drug use.The judge commended Baxter for recognising his triggers, adding “The key challenge is to cut down on the drugs use."Baxter was encouraged to keep up his efforts to obtain employment by the judge, who fixed a further review hearing on May 22 saying: “Everyone wants this to work.”
Baxter was made subject to a 14-month suspended detention sentence in January after Judge Michael Cullum heard he had smashed repeatedly into a heavily pregnant woman's car on August 12 last year.
The woman's baby was induced after she was rushed to hospital fearing the worst when she suffered bruising to her pregnancy 'bump' in the crash and it shrank in size.
Her BMW car was written off, her young daughter was injured and her rear seat passenger was covered in shattered glass.Baxter admitted dangerous driving and having cocaine and a metabolyte of the drug in his body above legal limits for a driver.It was his third driving offence in a short period of time.
CRESSON, Texas (AP) - A fire at a Texas chemical plant following an explosion last week is being allowed to burn itself out before authorities search for a missing worker who's presumed dead.
Cresson Mayor and Assistant Fire Chief Bob Cornett said Sunday that conditions at the 15,000-square-foot (1,400-square-meter) Tri-Chem Industries plant are "just too hot" and "just too dangerous." He says rains Saturday night aggravated chemicals and acids at the site about 25 miles (40 kilometers) southwest of Fort Worth.
Cornett says the plant is being guarded to ensure no one enters. He says state and federal environmental and workplace officials are standing by to assist local authorities.
The missing worker is identified as 27-year-old Dylan Mitchell. Two other workers were injured in Thursday's explosion.
One of the biggest problems with computers, dating to the invention of the first one, has been finding ways to keep them cool so that they don't overheat or shut down.
Instead of combating the heat, two University of Nebraska-Lincoln engineers have embraced it as an alternative energy source that would allow computing at ultra-high temperatures.
Sidy Ndao, assistant professor of mechanical and materials engineering, said his research group's development of a nano-thermal-mechanical device, or thermal diode, came after flipping around the question of how to better cool computers.
"If you think about it, whatever you do with electricity you should (also) be able to do with heat, because they are similar in many ways," Ndao said. "In principle, they are both energy carriers. If you could control heat, you could use it to do computing and avoid the problem of overheating."
A paper Ndao co-authored with Mahmoud Elzouka, a graduate student in mechanical and materials engineering, was published in the March edition of Scientific Reports. In it, they documented their device working in temperatures that approached 630 degrees Fahrenheit.
Ndao said he expects the device could eventually work in heat as extreme as 1,300 degrees Fahrenheit, which could have major implications in many industries.
"We are basically creating a thermal computer," Ndao said. "It could be used in space exploration, for exploring the core of the earth, for oil drilling, (for) many applications. It could allow us to do calculations and process data in real time in places where we haven't been able to do so before."
By taking advantage of an energy source that has long been overlooked, Ndao said, the thermal diode could also help limit the amount of energy that gets wasted.
"It is said now that nearly 60 percent of the energy produced for consumption in the United States is wasted in heat," Ndao said. "If you could harness this heat and use it for energy in these devices, you could obviously cut down on waste and the cost of energy."
The next step is making the device more efficient and making a physical computer that could work in the highest of temperatures, Ndao said.
Though the researchers have filed for a patent, Elzouka said there is still work to be done to improve the diode and its performance.
"If we can achieve high efficiency, show that we can do computations and run a logic system experimentally, then we can have a proof-of-concept," Elzouka said. "(That) is when we can think about the future."
Yet Ndao has even bigger ambitions for his group's research.
"We want to to create the world's first thermal computer," he said. "Hopefully one day, it will be used to unlock the mysteries of outer space, explore and harvest our own planet's deep-beneath-the-surface geology, and harness waste heat for more efficient-energy utilization."
###
BANGKOK (AP) — A French tourist who tried to have her picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at her when she got too close.
The woman, who is in her 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to her leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
She had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but she tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Chrissy Teigen has joked that her unborn son is a "monster" who is sucking the life out of her.
The 32-year-old beauty already has 21-month-old daughter Luna with her spouse John Legend and, when speaking about her second pregnancy, quipped that the baby wants her dead.
She joked on Twitter: "This baby is sucking the life from me. Drinking my water, making me dry. Eating my food, making me hungry. Taking my health, making me sick. Why do we create these monsters they want us dead? (sic)."
However, she recently insisted that she actually loves being pregnant.
Chrissy said: "It's sick. People have all different types of pregnancies and I really prefer it. I think John prefers it. I'm happier. If anything, I'm just, like, a little bossier."
And she cannot wait to have a "mama's boy".
She said: "They say that boys just love their mamas, Luna is such a daddy's girl."
Meanwhile, the beauty admitted she's been craving many of the things pregnant women are told to avoid, including cold meats and alcohol.
She said: "I want a cold, Subway deli sandwich at all times. I would love a good margarita, like, a cold margarita."
To curb her cravings, Chrissy has turned to breakfast cereal with cold vanilla coconut milk, and though she's normally behind the home cooking in their household, she's letting her 39-year-old husband "take over", even though he isn't the quickest chef.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Dundalk Gardaí are investigating an arson attack which took place at a house in Dundalk around 2am last night.
LMFM reports that a man in his 50's managed to escape the burning house by jumping from an upstairs window at the back of the house.
He was brought to Our Lady of Lourdes hospital for treatment.
The digital natives might have found their consolidator — and its one of their own.
When Andy Dunn agreed in June to sell Bonobos to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. for $310 million, he inked himself a deal to oversee the retailer's digitally native vertical brands, namely Bonobos and ModCloth.
The National Junior Angus Association (NJAA) is beginning its search for the next Angus Ambassador. It's an elite position that provides an opportunity for a one-year term as spokesperson for the NJAA's nearly 6,000 members, and connects with cattle producers, consumers and industry professionals nationwide. Applications are available online and must be submitted by Sept. 15.
“As the Angus Ambassador, one junior member is given the opportunity to take his or her passion for Angus cattle to the next level by networking with other Angus producers and beef industry professionals, and by traveling to and attending a variety of engaging events over the course of the year,” says Jaclyn Clark, American Angus Association Director of Events and Education.
Currently serving as the 2017 Angus Ambassador is Cassandra Garcia of Renton, Washington. Garcia is a student at the University of Washington Tacoma studying business marketing. She says she hopes that one day her education in the area of business will allow her to contribute to the “Business Breed” in a meaningful way.
“The ambassador program has been a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that has given me the chance to expand my understanding of this industry”, says Garcia. “Whether it was networking at events, being that bridge between consumers and producers, or representing the Angus breed in the best way possible, it has helped me to grow as an individual in an industry that I love.”
The chosen Angus Ambassador will travel to the following events:
Angus Convention in Fort Worth, Texas (candidates);
Certified Angus Beef ® Building Blocks Seminar in Wooster, Ohio;
Building Blocks Seminar in Wooster, Ohio; NCBA Cattle Industry Annual Convention in Phoenix, Arizona.;
Beef Improvement Federation Annual Research Symposium and Convention in Loveland, Colorado; and
Guiding Outstanding Angus Leaders (GOAL) Conference in Canada.
Additonal and existing travel may vary based on the selected ambassador's location, schedule and availability.
To be eligible for the Angus Ambassador competition, applicants must be Association members in good standing, between the ages 17-20 as of Jan. 1, who own purebred Angus cattle. They must submit a cover letter, résumé and two essay responses. Applications can be found online.
Garcia encourages all junior members to apply for the position: “We need strong leaders to represent our association. If you're thinking about applying, go ahead and do it! I believe all NJAA members have what it takes to become the next great representative of our breed.”
All applications must be postmarked by Sept. 15 and sent to the Association's Events and Education Department, 3201 Frederick Ave., Saint Joseph, MO 64506.
Once the applications are reviewed, five finalists will be invited to the Angus Convention to participate in the final round of competition, which includes an interview and formal presentation with a panel of judges. The new Angus Ambassador will be chosen at the Awards Recognition Breakfast on Nov. 6 .
For more information, please visit the NJAA website at www.angus.org/njaa.
About the National Junior Angus Association
The NJAA promotes the involvement of young people in raising Angus cattle, while also providing leadership and self-development opportunities for more than 6,000 active members nationwide.
Throughout the next four weeks, NJ Spotlight will be showcasing the Camden SMART Initiative, which won the Aetna Foundation's Healthiest Cities & Counties Challenge Spotlight Award. Aetna's Spotlight Award is part of a larger national health challenge — the Healthiest Cities & Counties Challenge — empowering small- to mid-sized cities and counties to make a positive health impact in their community. The Camden SMART Initiative was recognized for the work it has been doing in Camden, NJ, as part of the challenge and has received an additional $25,000 to further support its program.
The Camden SMART (Stormwater Management and Resource Training) Initiative is a collective-impact collaboration under the larger umbrella of the Camden Collaborative Initiative. The SMART Team comprises the City of Camden, Cooper's Ferry Partnership, Camden County Municipal Utilities Authority, New Jersey Tree Foundation, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, and Rutgers' Cooperative Extension Water Resources Program. The SMART Initiative's mission is to empower Camden residents to restore and revitalize their neighborhoods through green-infrastructure projects, stormwater management policy development, and green infrastructure training programs. Throughout this series, you will learn more about the Camden SMART Initiative programs that focus on open space, youth engagement, and local environmental partnerships and how you can get involved in making Camden City a more environmentally friendly place.
What to do with all that open space?
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Those bitten by the ‘travel bug' risk getting another type of bug—the drug-resistant kind. But trying to fight off those bacteria with drugs may make things a whole lot worse.
In a series of studies, Finnish researchers confirmed that those traveling to exotic locations—places with poor hygiene and free-flowing antibiotics—often bring home drug-resistant bacteria in their intestines (with or without symptoms). But the people who took antibiotics while exploring those locales came back with the most extensively drug-resistant cargo.
The findings, published in the journal Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease, suggest that taking antibiotics while abroad may be far more dangerous than most travelers know. After all, it's common for world explorers to preemptively pack antibiotics, such as ciprofloxacin, for common ailments, like travelers diarrhea, the authors note.
But the findings make a lot of sense, the authors argue. “Antibiotics appear to play three vicious tricks on travelers,” they conclude:
Firstly, they disrupt intestinal colonization resistance and make space for newcomers; secondly, they only favor colonization by bacteria resistant to the antibiotic taken; and last but not least, [because] resistant bacteria [tend] to be co-resistant to other antibiotics, users end up selecting the most resistant bacteria from the surroundings.
For their work, the researchers collected poop samples from 430 Finns before and after they traveled abroad. The researchers sifted through the samples looking for extended-spectrum beta-lactamase–producing Enterobacteriaceae (ESBL-PE). Basically, these are gut bacteria that have become resistant to a wide variety of penicillins and cephalosporins, such as ceftazidime, cefotaxime, and ceftriaxone.
Twenty-one percent of travelers (90 people) came back with an ESBL-PE. The people most likely to come back with one had traveled to South and Southeast Asia, Africa, and Latin America. Having traveler's diarrhea and taking antibiotics also upped the risk. For instance, among the people who went to South Asia, got diarrhea, and took antibiotics, 80 percent came back with an ESBL-PE.
When the researchers dug deeper into the data, the picture looked even grimmer for those who had taken antibiotics. Among those who returned with an ESBL-PE but did not take antibiotics, about 37 percent of the ESBL-PEs were also resistant to the common treatment for ESBL bacteria: a class of drugs called fluoroquinolones, which includes ciprofloxacin.
Among those who did take cipro or some other fluoroquinolone while on their trip, 95 percent of their ESBL-PE were also resistant to fluoroquinolones.
The researchers say the findings should give travelers pause before popping antibiotics while away. Moreover, the researchers also note that most cases of traveler's diarrhea clear up on their own with a little time and can be treated with simple over-the-counter medications, such as loperamide (Imodium).
Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease, 2017. DOI: 10.1016/j.tmaid.2017.01.003 (About DOIs).
By Saman Rai and Waqar Jappa
“Let's give history a nudge. Let's come out of a routine file pushing mode and do something constructive and impactful. Our children, our youth deserve more than a closed and sombre environment they are growing up and living in. Let's give our best to fight extremist tendencies through culture. I need a concept note on it. The earliest, the better.” Secretary ICD was precise, clear and assertive as always in the weekly review meeting at his office chamber.
My Additional Secretary Culture and I came back thinking and deliberating on the contents of the concept note for “His war on extremism” from the cultural front. We agreed to propose the establishment of a specialized cell. A brief rationale and way forward of the proposal has been given in the following paragraphs;
At the heart of the proposal; establishment of Extremism Control Unit (ECU) in culture section of Information and Culture Department (ICD), Government of the Punjab lies the firm belief that “culture” (read with various forms of arts) has the potential to outweigh militant and extremist tendencies among children and youth in Punjab. It is the best yet underestimated and underutilized weapon we have got to neutralize extremist mindset. Widespread extremism and intolerance that we face today have managed to penetrate deep into the social, intellectual and religious roots of the society largely due to lack of development, promotion and appreciation of various forms of arts by the state at any level.
Much is at stake and indecision on the part of the administrative department to chalk out a direct, precise and clear roadmap to defeat extremism through patronization and promotion of cultural products is causing harm. Time has come for ICD as a whole with its supporting formations to fully understand the delicate responsibility they have been entrusted with. Gone are the days of the traditional mode of operation. Changing times call for out of the box vision and action to deal with the daunting challenge we face today.
Extremism is a multi-layered phenomenon. It needs a multipronged response. Only one department or two cannot tackle it completely. Leaving it to the law enforcement agencies alone won't help. It's a common enemy which needs a common response. We all need to pool in our resources to besiege it and defeat it once and for all. That's where Information and Culture Department can play a pivotal role.
We strongly believe that by promoting various traditional and modern forms of art; by generating maximum recreational activities such as annual Urs; fairs, festivals, theatrical drama, dance, painting, calligraphy, music competitions etc at local level in collaboration with schools, colleges and darbar administrations on regular intervals can give us the strategic depth to fight this war against extremist tendencies.
We also believe, by setting people free with a focus on children and youth to choose and practice any form of art they might find interesting or passionate about without the fear of any backlash from any segment of the society; by liberating art and arts education from social taboos and religious limitations, by reintroducing music, drama, painting, drawing and other such arts at elementary level of school in collaboration with curriculum wing of Punjab Text Book Board and by promoting a culture of critical thinking and debate on religion at our educational institutions with the help of modern religious scholars such as Javed Ahmed Ghamdi, Dr. Nikhat Sattar, Dr. Khalid Zaheer and Bilal Qutub the cultural war against extremism can be won.
We have a firm belief that all such initiatives will directly contribute towards the end goal; defeating extremist mentality, dissuading would be extremists, minimizing the role of conservative clergy at the local level from indoctrinating the innocent minds and erecting the foundations of rational, peaceful, art-loving and progressive society.
Keeping this in view, we think that following initiatives under the umbrella of Extremism Control Unit (ECU) at culture section of Information and Culture Department will certainly go a long way. Proposed initiatives are as under;
1.) Establishment of Tehsil Culture Committees
2.) Establishment of District Cultural Complexes
3.) Establishment of Art & Culture Society at Schools/Colleges and Universities
4.) Holding of a series of monthly talks titled; Lahore Culture Talk” at Al-Hamrah, the Mall by inviting national and international speakers on contemporary Literature (Urdu and English), Drama, Film, Music etc
5.) Holding of an annual film festival titled “Lahore Film Festival” at Al-Hamrah. It will be a 3-day international film festival
6.) Establishment of a think tank on arts and culture under ICD to assist Punjab Text Book Board on introducing art curriculum elementary school; promote research on culture as a tool to deter extremism and role of cultural products and various genres of art in a (creative) economy at institutes of higher learning.
One lives in hope that due consideration will be given to set up ECU to launch an effective war against extremism and it's offshoots in the society! Long Live Pakistan!
Actor Jeffrey Wright tweeted that our nation has “too many stupid asses” with “too many fucking guns” following news that a man opened fire on Wednesday's congressional baseball practice.
The facts of the shooting are not in yet. The shooter's motivation has not been confirmed, nor has the shooter's identity or background been released.
Wright tweeted:
Too many stupid asses in our country with too many fucking guns. — Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) June 14, 2017
What is known is that five people were injured when a gunman opened fire on members of the House and Senate on the field. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the injured. The gunman was slowed down because someone at the practice had a firearm and returned fire.
Rep. Mike Bishop (R-MI-8) told WWJ News Radio, “The only reason why any of us walked out of this thing, by the grace of God, one of the folks here had a weapon to fire back and give us a moment to find cover.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Bay Area home prices surge: median now $820,000, a new record
Photo: Gabrielle Lurie / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Realtor Michael Darling (center) chats with Ashok Patel (right) and Joe Stangelini during an open house on 2nd Lane in South San Francisco. Median home prices in San Mateo County, which includes South San Francisco, were up 25.7 percent in March compared to a year earlier, according to CoreLogic. less Realtor Michael Darling (center) chats with Ashok Patel (right) and Joe Stangelini during an open house on 2nd Lane in South San Francisco. Median home prices in San Mateo County, which includes South San ... more Photo: Gabrielle Lurie / The Chronicle Image 2 of 3 Darvin Olarte checks out the back yard of a house during an open house on 2nd Lane in South San Francisco. Median home prices across the Bay Area reached a record $820,000 in March. Darvin Olarte checks out the back yard of a house during an open house on 2nd Lane in South San Francisco. Median home prices across the Bay Area reached a record $820,000 in March. Photo: Gabrielle Lurie / The Chronicle Image 3 of 3 Herminiah Chico walks into a home for sale during an open house in South San Francisco. Median home prices in San Mateo County, which includes South San Francisco, are the highest in the Bay Area at $1.32 million. less Herminiah Chico walks into a home for sale during an open house in South San Francisco. Median home prices in San Mateo County, which includes South San Francisco, are the highest in the Bay Area at $1.32 ... more Photo: Gabrielle Lurie / The Chronicle Bay Area home prices surge: median now $820,000, a new record 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The median Bay Area home price surged to an all-time high of $820,00 in March, up 9.3 percent from February and up 14.7 percent from March of last year, research firm CoreLogic reported Tuesday.
The previous peak was $784,000 in November. The report includes newly built and existing homes and condos sold in all nine counties. For the past six months, the median price has risen 12.8 percent year-over-year on average.
For the fourth consecutive month, Santa Clara and San Mateo counties showed the steepest year-over-year gains, 33.6 and 25.7 percent, respectively.
New home construction in Silicon Valley hasn't come close to keeping up with the growth in high-paying jobs. Facebook, based in Menlo Park, disclosed in a filing last week that its employees earned a median pay package of $240,000 last year.
Rising mortgage rates and shrinking tax breaks for mortgages were expected to put a damper on home prices, but so far that has not proven to be true in the Bay Area.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which serves as a benchmark for mortgage rates, surpassed 3 percent Tuesday for the first time since January 2014. Coincidentally, Freddie Mac reported on Thursday that the average 30-year fixed mortgage rate 0.05 percentage points to 4.47 percent last week, its highest level since January of 2014.
The federal tax law passed in December was expected to discourage home buying. It limited the itemized deduction for all state and local property and income tax combined to $10,000 per year (previously there was no limit) and reduced the mortgage-interest deduction to interest on up to $750,000 in debt from $1 million previously.
A 650-square-foot home in South San Francisco with no garage that fronts an alley went on the market this month for $599,000 or nearly $1,000 per square foot. After a busy open house last weekend, listing agent Kent Flinn expects it will sell for much more.
South San Francisco, the erstwhile “industrial city,” and neighboring San Bruno have traditionally been two of the more affordable cities in San Mateo County, but like every else in the Bay Area, “demand is heavy and supply is limited,” Flinn said.
As demand has grown in those cities, it also has changed. “It used to be a three-bedroom, two-bath home in a certain district would sell better in one area than another,” Flinn said. Today buyers “are less concerned about neighborhood and more about size.” They want enough space for their family or a spare room to rent out.
In the past, people didn't want to live near the the Caltrain in those cities. Now it's a draw. People want to be able to walk to BART or Caltrain, Flinn's wife and business partner Beverly Flinn said.
March's 14.7 percent increase in median home prices across the region “was the highest year over year for any month since last September, when it was also 14.7 percent,” CoreLogic analyst Andrew LePage said.
That increase “is significant and it stands out statewide and nationally, but there is a mix issue,” he said. The median price is the halfway point between the highest and lowest prices homes sold in a particular month. In recent months, “there has been a shift toward more mid- to high-price homes selling and less in the lower end,” LePage said. That tends to raise the median price.
The number of homes and condos sold last month was 7,122, up 43.9 percent from February but down 3.3 percent from last March. An increase between February and March is typical, as the spring selling season heats up. Since 1988, the average increase between those months is 39.8 percent, CoreLogic said.
Kathleen Pender is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: kpender@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kathpender
Omari Spellman became the player Villanova needed him to be
Omari Spellman became the player Villanova needed him to be Mar 16
Villanova proves to be model of consistency in March Madness win over Alabama
Villanova proves to be model of consistency in March Madness win over Alabama Mar 17
Villanova makes March Madness trip to Boston once again, but Jay Wright says this squad is different
Villanova makes March Madness trip to Boston once again, but Jay Wright says this squad is different Mar 18
John Smallwood has been on our staff since 1994. He began as the beat writer for Villanova University basketball and was promoted to columnist in 1995. He has won several awards while covering almost every major sporting event, including the Super Bowl, World Series, NBA Finals, Stanley Cup Finals, Final Four, World Cup and Olympics. His focus now is on writing Philly.com's Sports Tonight columns.
Villanova guard/forward Mikal Bridges celebrates Villanova's second-round NCAA men's basketball tournament win over Alabama with fans on Saturday, March 17, 2018 at PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh.
PITTSBURGH – It was one of the seminal plays in Villanova basketball history.
Point guard Scottie Reynolds drove to the basket and scored with .05 seconds left as the Wildcats beat Big East rival Pitt in Elite Eight and advanced to the 2009 Final Four – the first under coach Jay Wright.
It happened in Boston. In the same arena – although it now called TD Garden – where No.1 seeded Villanova will play the 2018 East Regional after beating Alabama, 81-58, on Saturday.
Hey, Mikal Bridges, does it give any good karma that your Wildcats are going to a place from where an earlier ‘Nova team advanced to a Final Four?
Bueller? … Bueller? … Bueller?
“No, I didn't even know that,” said Bridges, who scored 23 in the 81-58 win over Alabama. “But we haven't. We always — whoever our next opponent is, that's who we look at, we locate and get locked in.
“I didn't even know we play in Boston until like 20 minutes ago. We don't think about that stuff. We go out and play whoever we play and play wherever.”
Bridges was a 12-year-old living in Malvern in 2009, so he certainly remembers “Reynolds' Run,” but Wright said there is a good chance that Bridges doesn't realize it happened in Boston. He'd wouldn't be surprised if none of his current players do.
“They don't know '09, they barely know '16,” Wright joked.
For the record “'16” was a reference to the 2016 NCAA Championship team of which Bridges and Jalen Brunson, Phil Booth, Donte DiVincenzo, Eric Paschall, and Tim Delaney were all members of.
It's not about not knowing history — the Wildcats do. It's just that Wildcat team gets laser-focused on the task at hand – which is only the next game.
It's how the ‘Cats pulled off a fourth consecutive 32-win season and moved to the Sweet 16 for a matchup with the winner of the game between West Virginia and Marshall on Sunday.
The successes of the 2009 and 2016 teams weren't going to have anything to do with what happens with this current team.
“My good vibes are coming from how this team's playing, how unselfishly they play,” Wright said. “How Jalen Brunson will attempt to take a charge when he got a foul on him when he got a second foul taking the charge.
“When you see your leaders doing those things, Mikal has a bad first half. He doesn't get into himself, he just comes out and concentrates on defense in the second half. Phil Booth, great leader, that gives me good vibes. Honestly, we don't care where we play. Boston is a great town, old Big East town like Pittsburgh. We stir up old Big East feelings. We like that.”
Wright said he understands the desire to compare the last team that went a Regional Final in Boston to this one, but he said it doesn't fit.
“This is a really different team,” he said. “There's a youthful exuberance with this team that is exciting me. We have no seniors.
“That '09 team was a veteran team. This is a unique squad. It really is. It's fun. That's why I think we're getting better every day because they still have a lot of room to grow.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
PESHAWAR: Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) candidate for NA-4 (Peshawar) by-elections Nasir Khan Musazai said on Tuesday that the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) led coalition government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) neglected the constituencies despite having a mandate and concentrated on non-issues instead of resolving problems of their voters.
Addressing various election rallies in connection with the bye-elections, the PML-N candidate said that the people were fed up of the PTI government in the province due to which the chances of a PML-N victory here have increased.
He said that in 2013 general elections, PTI Chairman Imran Khan misled the people through his false and catchy slogans of change, but not even a single elected representative of his party had ever visited their respective constituency after the polls.
Musazai further said that the leaders and workers of PTI have once again started taking interest in resolving the problems of the common man because the by-elections are just around the corner.
Hopping into the world of lectin-limited eating can be intimidating, especially if your like me and have a fiery passion for spicy foods that's hotter than habaneros themselves.
Fortunately, there's an easy way around this dilemma: remove the seeds & skins of chilis. Pretty simple, huh?
Those are the only two components of chilis that contain lectins, so removing them makes them perfectly coherent with Plant-Paradox eating. With this logic in mind, any hot sauce that's completely smooth, like Tabasco, chipotle in adobo, Sriracha, and most hot sauces are also Plant-Paradox friendly.
However, if you still don't trust store-bought hot sauces, we've engineered this homemade chili garlic paste for you. Made from roasted fresno peppers, it's spicier than most sauces on the market, completely lectin-free, and laced with garlic goodness.
Enjoy this condiment on top of pressure cooked beans, resistant-starch fried rice, in buffalo sauce, or on anything you would put hot sauce on.
Go Forth & Eat Spicy Food,
Ryan & Kim
Lectin-Free Chili Garlic Paste (Plant-Paradox friendly) Roasted, fiery fresno peppers are blended with fresh garlic for bite, apple cider vinegar for tang, and erythritol for sweetness. Warning: super extra really hot spicy. Ingredients 1 lb red fresno peppers*
4-6 tbsp of water
3 large garlic cloves, smashed
2 tsp apple cider vinegar
1 tsp erythritol or xylitol
1/4 tsp salt
1/8 tsp onion powder Directions Pre-heat oven to 500° F. Cut off the tops of the chilis then cut them in half lengthwise. Use a spoon or knife to scoop out the seeds. Place cut side down on a baking sheet (you'll likely need two in total). Repeat for all chilis. Place in oven for 10-15 minutes, or until the chilis are lightly blackened around the edges. Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let sit for 15 minutes in order to soften the skin. Use the edge of your knife or your fingertips to peel back the skin of each chili. Discard the skin and place chili meat into a mini food-processor or personal-sized blender dedicated to spices or savory foods (otherwise your morning smoothie will have a kick). Once all the skins have been removed, add garlic, vinegar, erythritol, salt, onion powder, and 1/4 c of water to the blender. Pulse for a few seconds at a time until smooth. For a thinner, squeezable sauce add in remaining 2 tbsp of water. For a thicker paste, leave as is. Stor in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 3 weeks. *Red jalapeños, thai chilis, or anaheim chilis will also work, however the spice level varies between peppers.
Advertisements
Kyrgios tells it like it is after 42-ace Wimbledon victory
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Nick Kyrgios of Australia questions a line call during the men's singles match against Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Nick Kyrgios of Australia questions a line call during the men's singles match against Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, AP Image 2 of 5 Nick Kyrgios of Australia wipes his face during the men's singles match against Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Nick Kyrgios of Australia wipes his face during the men's singles match against Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, AP Image 3 of 5 Nick Kyrgios of Australia wipes his face with a towel during the men's singles match against Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Nick Kyrgios of Australia wipes his face with a towel during the men's singles match against Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, AP Image 4 of 5 Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan questions a line call during the men's singles match against Nick Kyrgios of Australia on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan questions a line call during the men's singles match against Nick Kyrgios of Australia on the second day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, AP Image 5 of 5 Kyrgios tells it like it is after 42-ace Wimbledon victory 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
LONDON (AP) — Nick Kyrgios is almost always worth paying attention to.
Whether he's slamming 42 aces, hitting the ball at up to 136 mph and saving all five break points faced, as the 15th-seeded Australian did during a 7-6 (3), 7-6 (4), 6-7 (5), 6-3 victory over Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan in Wimbledon's first round on Tuesday.
Or accidentally hitting a ball girl with one serve, causing her to cry and leave the court, as also happened at the England Club.
Or arguing with the chair umpire over all manner of matters, possibly important or not.
Or barking at his guest box, at one point telling those in it they might as well not be there at all.
"He's always doing this," said Istomin, who knocked off defending champion Novak Djokovic at the 2017 Australian Open. "It's not annoying me, so if he wants to talk, OK."
Or being by turns self-reflective and sarcastic during the news conference afterward, including when a reporter noted that Kyrgios' tennis career has featured some complicated moments — a euphemism if ever there was one — and he shot a sideways glance toward his agent, smiled wryly and replied, "Have I?"
This is, after all, a 23-year-old who just last month was fined more than $15,000 for simulating a lewd act during a match. Who has been docked money in the past for offenses such as crude comments about an opponent's girlfriend or quitting during a match for no apparent reason. Who has been accused of not giving his all on court. Who has displayed boundless talent in victories against players such as Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, whom he beat at Wimbledon as a teenager ranked 144th in 2014.
He certainly earned points for honesty after Tuesday's win, not shy about expressing how much he likes his chances at a tournament where he's reached the quarterfinals.
"I guess I'm in kind of, like, a happy place. I feel like I'm playing well. I mean, I have a different approach. I feel like I'm one of the guys that can cause a bit of an uproar at this event," Kyrgios said. "We'll see how it goes."
Asked whether it was exciting to be involved in such a tight encounter against Istomin, where the only service break of the entire match arrived in the penultimate game, Kyrgios was not ready to accept the premise.
"Not really," Kyrgios answered. "I would prefer to play, like, a South American guy who's never played on grass before."
Just telling it like it is.
He did that again when a reporter inquired about what seem to be mid-match fluctuations for Kyrgios, as he goes from intense to laid-back to intense again, sometimes from point to point.
"I don't know, man. I just have so many thoughts when I'm out there. Like, I get so angry. I'm, like, I just go through so many different patches in a game. I guess it's so hard for me to find that balance," Kyrgios said. "Yeah, I know what you mean. I look like I don't care one minute, then the next minute I'm playing really well. Not much really goes on, to be honest. ... It's a tug-of-war, all the time."
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Not even six months have passed since the launch of Huawei P10 and Huawei P10 Plus and the Huawei P11 rumors are already pouring in. We have come across some details about the smartphone on the Chinese micro-blogging site Weibo.
Going by the information, the Huawei P11 will be powered by a Kirin 970 SoC, which will be built on the 10nm manufacturing process. The Kirin 970 processor is expected to launch sometime later this year, when Huawei decides. Other than that, the source further reveals that the P11 will arrive with 8GB RAM on board. It will feature a 4K display with minimal bezels around it.
There is a possibility that the fingerprint scanner will be underneath the display. As for the software, the source has not revealed anything, but the Huawei P11 will most likely run on Android O right out of the box topped with the company's very own Emotion UI (EMUI). Well, as of now, we haven't come to know any other details about the phone's specifications and features.
We can't ignore the fact that the Huawei P11 will be launched in the Q1 of 2018, which is like eight months away. So it is too early to predict whether these speculations will be true or not. Either way, we will get to see countless numbers of leaks and rumors about the device in the following months.
One of the most highlighted features of the Huawei P11 will be definitely the chipset it carries. It is expected to be the second Huawei device to pack the Kirin 970 SoC. Coming behind only to the Huawei Mate 10, which will get unveiled in the fourth quarter of this year.
Source
BRUSSELS (AP) — U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday issued a sharp ultimatum to NATO Wednesday, telling allies they must start increasing defense spending by year's end or the Trump administration will “moderate its commitment” to them.
He did not detail what the United States might do if NATO members failed to fall in line.
Echoing a demand made repeatedly by President Donald Trump, Mattis said NATO must adopt a plan this year that sets milestone dates for governments to meet a military funding goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product.
The Pentagon chief called it a “fair demand” based on the “political reality” in Washington.
“No longer can the American taxpayer carry a disproportionate share of the defense of Western values,” Mattis told the alliance's 27 other defense ministers, according to a text of his remarks. “Americans cannot care more for your children's future security than you do.”
Attending his first NATO defense ministers' meeting, Mattis tried to make his case by citing the threat from Russia. The gathering came at an awkward time for the United States, after Trump fired national security adviser Michael Flynn over Flynn's communications with Russia before President Barack Obama left office Jan. 20.
Mattis noted Russia's 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region and the Islamic State group's hold over parts of Iraq and Syria, and said that “some in this alliance have looked away in denial of what is happening.”
“Despite the threats from the east and south, we have failed to fill gaps in our NATO response force or to adapt,” he added.
The warning reflects Trump's wish for greater sharing of military costs. Trump has rattled European nations by suggesting the U.S. might not defend allies unwilling to fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members.
Mattis didn't go as far.
British's defense chief, Michael Fallon, said Mattis told NATO members that “Congress will not continue to tolerate unequal burden-sharing.” But Fallon said Mattis also appeared to welcome a British proposal to create a road map for increased spending by other countries.
Along with the U.S. and Britain, the other countries that also reach NATO's benchmark for military spending are Estonia, Poland and debt-ridden Greece.
“I have called today in the plenary session for those countries that haven't met 2 percent to agree to at least increase their budget annually,” Fallon said. “An annual increase that we're asking them to commit to would at least demonstrate good faith.”
The United States is by far NATO's most powerful member. It spends more on defense than all the others combined. The U.S. spent 3.61 percent of American GDP last year, according to NATO estimates — a level that has somewhat tapered off in recent years.
Germany, by contrast, spent 1.19 percent of its overall budget on defense. Ten countries spend even less, and seven — including Canada, Italy and Spain — would have to virtually double military spending to reach the target. One, Luxembourg, would require a four-fold increase to get close.
Mattis recognized Europe's worries and the desire for clarity on America's commitment to NATO. Trump has criticized the alliance as “obsolete” and repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, stoking fears of a new U.S. approach to Moscow that includes lessened support for European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target.
In a brief public statement, made while standing alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, Mattis called the alliance “a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the trans-Atlantic community.”
The allies' interest and concern about the latest furor in Washington was evident as officials crowded around televisions at the NATO meeting to watch Mattis' initial appearance with Stoltenberg. Ministers immediately clustered around the retired Marine general as he entered the meeting room.
Stoltenberg said he has spoken to Trump twice by telephone, and received similar reassurance from Mattis and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
“They have all conveyed the same message,” he said, adding: “That is, that the United States will stay committed to the trans-Atlantic partnership.”
___
Associated Press writer Lorne Cook contributed to this report.
Uber says it is co-operating with police after a “self-driving” car struck and killed a woman in the US.
Uber says it is co-operating with police after a “self-driving” car struck and killed a woman in the US. Picture: AFP/Angelo Merendino
A WOMAN has been struck and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle in the US state of Arizona.
At the time of the accident, which occurred overnight, the car was in autonomous mode with a vehicle operator behind the wheel, police said.
“The vehicle was travelling northbound ... when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when she was struck by the Uber vehicle,” police said in a statement.
In the wake of the accident, Uber has suspended its autonomous vehicle program. Picture: AP, AP/Eric Risberg
In response, Uber said it had suspended its autonomous vehicle program across the United States and Canada.
The accident marked the first pedestrian fatality from a self-driving vehicle, which are still being tested around the globe, and could derail efforts to fast-track the introduction of the new technology.
Uber said in a statement it was fully co-operating with authorities.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Carmakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company was “fully co-operating' with the investigation.
Uber is under fire after a woman was killed by one of the company's autonomous cars. Picture: AP, AP/Seth Wenig
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public. Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
In May 2016, a man died when his Tesla Model S hit an 18-wheeler on a Florida highway while driving in the semi-autonomous Autopilot mode. Joshua Brown was the first person to die in a self-driving car.
A love of athletics brought hurdlers Brianna Beahan and Ian Dewhurst together off the track.
A love of athletics brought hurdlers Brianna Beahan and Ian Dewhurst together off the track.
Life for WA athletics glamour couple Brianna Beahan and Ian Dewhurst is all about the secs.
For just precious seconds — or more correctly, fractions of them — are the hurdles standing between them and a joint date at the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games in April.
Beahan is chasing Olympic and world champion Sally Pearson in the hope of making her Games debut. Dewhurst is a dual and reigning 400m hurdles national champion who moved from NSW to WA a year ago to build a love story into his sporting ambitions.
“She was the reason,” Dewhurst said. “It was a pretty easy decision to come over — for love — but also for the sport.”
Beahan said their rapport as elite athletes helped strengthen their bond on and off the track.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — An Arkansas day care center has fired four employees over the death of a 5-year-old developmentally disabled boy who was left in a sweltering van all day.
Ascent Children's Health Services CEO Dan Sullivan said Wednesday that “staff did not follow company policies and procedures, and if they had, this tragedy would not have occurred.”
Christopher Gardner was picked up by Ascent on Monday morning but he wasn't taken inside the West Memphis day care center, which serves children with developmental disabilities and has centers throughout the state.
Sullivan, who is also a state representative, says the company has been in contact with Christopher's family and that it will continue to work with the authorities investigating the death.
West Memphis is across the Mississippi River from Memphis, Tennessee.
Robert Young has been arrested on complaints of murder and kidnapping.
Police continue to investigate an officer-involved shooting in Oklahoma City.
Before 3:00 on Thursday morning, officers drove to a home on Barton Drive and Southeast 149th Street when they noticed a man driving away. An officer made a traffic stop.
Captain Bo Mathews said, “Sure enough, this individual was involved in this incident that took place.”
Robert Young was driving the car. He was taken in for questioning. On Friday, police say he was arrested on complaints of murder and kidnapping.
“It is unknown what actions he took place, but obviously there is enough information there to arrest him on a probable cause,” said Mathews.
Robert Young was at the home at 15001 Barton Drive with several others, including his brother, William Young. Police say Officer Brandon McDonald heard gunshots and approached the front door to secure the scene. That's when William Young fired multiple shots at McDonald.
McDonald returned fire, shooting and killing William Young.
As the investigation continued, police found William Young's wife, Jennifer Young, dead in a white van. Police say her daughter, Rebecca Johnson, was also shot and injured. She was taken to a local hospital and is expected to make a full recovery.
Officer McDonald, who has been on the force for more than two years, is on paid administrative leave as the investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information on the case is asked to contact the homicide tip line at 405-297-1200.
CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian court has ordered the detention of an activist for failing to report to a police station because he had been detained by security agents elsewhere, his lawyer and a friend said Wednesday.
Abdel Azim Fahmy, a senior member of the secular, now-outlawed April 6 Movement, who is also known as Zizo Abdo, was detained for several hours last Wednesday, causing him to miss a court-ordered visit to a police station, one of the conditions of his release from custody.
He was detained again on Saturday for breaching his provisional release conditions and prosecutors charged him the following day with breaching a court order, his lawyer, Mokhtar Mounir, told The Associated Press.
On Tuesday the court ordered that he remain in custody, Mounir said.
Advertisement
Abdo was charged with incitement and membership in an outlawed organization in May, part of a wide-scale crackdown on dissent that has imprisoned thousands of people, mostly Islamists but also several prominent secular activists.
The April 6 movement played a leading role in the 2011 uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak. It was outlawed after the military overthrew Mubarak's freely elected successor, the Islamist Mohammed Morsi, in 2013.
Mounir said he would appeal the order extending Abdo's detention, which he called “inhumane and irrational.”
Activist Nour Khalil, who was detained along with Abdo last week, told the AP that Abdo had asked his interrogators to alert the police station he reports to that he was in their custody, but they refused. Abdo headed to the station immediately after his release five hours later, according to Khalil.
Another leading figure in the 2011 uprising, Khaled Tallima, said this week that he was fired from his job hosting a political talk show on the private ONtv network.
The network, recently purchased by a businessman allied with the government, did not announce Tallima's dismissal, and editor-in-chief Gamal el-Shennawy declined to comment. The Egyptian media, both public and private, is dominated by government supporters.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Tony Pero Memorial Golf Tournament was held at Elmhurst Country Club. The event raised money and awareness for Drug and Alcohol Treament Services. 120 golfers came out on a sun splashed day at Elmhurst.
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Officials say the largest, most destructive wildfire burning in Southern California is expected to grow as it enters its second week.
The Thomas Fire north of Los Angeles has burned more than 270 square miles, prompted tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed nearly 800 structures.
The fire that started Dec. 4 is 15 percent contained. It was fanned by dry Santa Ana winds that spit embers ahead of fire lines.
Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown says the containment number will likely go down not because of a lack of progress, but because of the fire's expected growth.
The National Weather Service says gusts up to 40 mph are expected through Monday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A A
WEDNESDAY'S SCHEDULE
BOYS BASKETBALL
4A bi-district tournament
Camas vs. Bellarmine Prep, 7:45 p.m. at Mt. Tahoma HS
3A bi-district tournament
Kelso vs. Capital, 6 p.m. at North Thurston
1A district tournament
La Center vs. Stevenson, 7 p.m. at King's Way Christian
1B district third-place game
Columbia Adventist vs. Oakville, 7:30 p.m. at Adna HS
GIRLS BASKETBALL
4A bi-district tournament
Camas vs. Auburn Riverside, 7:45 p.m. at Puyallup
2A district tournament
Mark Morris vs. Woodland, 7 p.m. at R.A. Long
Columbia River vs. Washougal, 7 p.m. at Hockinson
BOYS BASKETBALL
4A BI-DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Wednesday's games
Winner-to-state/Loser-out games
At Mt. Tahoma
G19, Kennedy Catholic (16-7) vs. Emerald Ridge (14-9), 6 p.m.
G20, Camas (13-9) vs. Bellarmine (15-8), 7:45 p.m.
At Rogers-Puyallup
G21, Auburn (12-11) vs. Enumclaw (14-9), 6 p.m.
G22, Mount Rainier (16-7) vs. Kentridge (15-8), 7:45 p.m.
Thursday, Feb. 16
Semifinals
At Mt. Tahoma
G17, Federal Way (22-1) vs. Curtis (20-2), 6 p.m.
G18, Union (18-3) vs. Kentwood (21-2), 7:45 p.m.
3A BI-DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Wednesday, Feb. 15
Semifinals
At Olympia
G17, Lincoln (21-0) vs. Timberline (17-5), 6 p.m.
G18, Wilson (17-5) vs. Spanaway Lake (16-6), 7:45 p.m.
Loser-out games
At North Thurston
G23, Capital (20-3) vs. Kelso (18-5), 6 p.m.
G24, North Thurston (13-10) vs. Central Kitsap (12-11), 7:45 p.m.
2A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Tuesday, Feb. 14
Loser-out games
At Centralia
Columbia River 49, W.F. West 46
Tumwater 47, Black Hills 27
Semifinals
Mark Morris 77, Centralia 61
Woodland 69, R.A. Long 51
Thursday, Feb. 16
Loser-out games
G9, R.A. Long (12-9) vs. Columbia River (13-9), TBD at Mark Morris
G10, Tumwater (17-5) vs. Centralia (15-7), TBD
Friday, Feb. 17
Championship
At St. Martin's, Lacey
Mark Morris (17-5) vs. Woodland (15-5), 8 p.m.
WOODLAND 69, R.A. LONG 51
WOODLAND — Bryce Mulder 19, Josh Pascual 0, Wyatt Harsh 2, Palmer Dinehart 11, Tyler Flanagan 11, Tanner Sixberry 18, Tristan Thomas 0, Devin Rice 5, Alex Bishop 3, Tim Gerega 0, Isaiah Flanagan 0. Totals 25 (4) 15-25 69.
R.A. LONG — Marcus Maryott 0, Coby Rothwell 13, Ty Lewis-Clark 9, Conner Wallace 5, Keoni Mawae 2, Jacob Childers 7, Jacob Thompson 4, Tanner Rybnikar 2, Nolan Plank 5, Chandler Lyon 0, Cole Katera 2, Dana Cathart 2. Totals 13 (3) 22-27 51.
Woodland 18 16 18 17—69
R.A. Long 14 8 10 19—51
COLUMBIA RIVER 49,
W.F. WEST 46
COLUMBIA RIVER — Caden Dezort 0, Jacob Hjort 20, Evan Dirksen 0, Nathan Hockhalter 2, Spencer Long 15, Jack Armstrong 1, Spencer Black 11. Totals 16 (7) 10-17 49.
WF WEST — Yarter 0, Forgione 0, Dobyns 4, Thornburg 0, C. Bull 2, Hawkins 6, Speck 0, B. White 14, C. White 6, Cooper 14. Totals 18 (4) 6-7 46.
River 12 20 7 10—49
WF West 6 9 15 16—46
1A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Wednesday's Games
Loser-out games
Stevenson (12-8) vs. La Center (13-4), 7 p.m. at King's Way Christian
Forks (15-7) vs. Montesano (13-9), 6 p.m. at Rochester HS
GIRLS BASKETBALL
4A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Tuesday, Feb. 14
Winner-to-state/Loser-out games
Curtis 52, Puyallup 48
Rogers-Puyallup 43, Skyview 34
Todd Beamer 63, Olympia 44
Kentlake 59, Tahoma 37
Wednesday, Feb. 15
Semifinals
At Puyallup
G17, Kentridge (22-2) vs. Bellarmine (21-1), 6 p.m.
G18, Camas (15-6) vs. Auburn Riverside (19-5), 7:45 p.m.
ROGERS-PUYALLUP 43,
SKYVIEW 34
SKYVIEW — Riley Friauf 12, Sydney Friauf 10, Hanna Van Nortwick 10, Remington Riley 2, Antohy 0, Halie Renne 0, Nicole Christensen 0, Mariah Campbell 0. Totals 10 (1) 13-19 43.
ROGERS-PUYALLUP — Barrett 12, Hamel 6, Barnett, Coltom 10, Whaley, Campbell 2, Stallcop, Glasoe, Egan, Westering 9, Wicker 4, Catey. Totals 17 (2) 4-8 34.
Skyview 6 9 7 12—34
Rogers 5 12 17 9—43
3A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Tuesday, Feb. 14
Loser-out games
Wilson 68, Lakes 33
Mountain View 47, Bonney Lake 41
Thursday, Feb. 16
Semifinals
At Olympia
G17, Lincoln (18-4) vs. Prairie (19-3), 6 p.m.
G18, Bethel (19-3) vs. Gig Harbor (18-3), 7:45 p.m.
Loser-out games
At Timberline
G23, Wilson (14-9) vs. Mountain View (10-12), 6 p.m.
G24, G21 winner vs. G22 winner, 7:45 p.m.
MOUNTAIN VIEW 47, BONNEY LAKE 41
BONNEY LAKE — Stephenson 3, T. Schelin 6, Hone 6, Mitchell 10, Jensen 2, McQueen 12, Grob 2. Totals 10 (3) 18-28 41.
MOUNTAIN VIEW — Eva Winsheimer 12, Emily VanNess 1, Dejah Wilson 0, Katie Hurst 13, Mollie Doyle 4, Arielle Pinzone 5, Gillian Murphy 2, Olivia Hood 10, Annalei Santos 0. Totals 14 (0) 19-37 47.
Bonney Lake 5 8 14 14—41
Mountain View 17 4 6 20—47
2A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Wednesday, Feb. 15
Loser-out games
G9, Mark Morris (14-7) vs. Woodland (13-9), 7 p.m. at R.A. Long
G10, Columbia River (11-11) vs. Washougal (14-5), 7 p.m. at Hockinson
Friday, Feb. 17
Championship
At St. Martin's, Lacey
W.F. West (19-2) vs. Black Hills (19-1), 6 p.m.
1A DISTRICT TOURNAMENT
Tuesday's games
Loser-out games
King's Way Christian 49, Tenino 45, OT
Seton Catholic 48, Stevenson 36
Semifinals
La Center 68, Elma 35
Montesano 67, Hoquiam 44
Thursday's games
Loser-out games
At Centralia
G9, King's Way Christian (8-10) vs. Hoquiam (8-13), TBD
G10, Elma (12-9) vs. Seton Catholic (14-4), TBD
Saturday, Feb. 18
Championship
La Center (21-0) vs. Montesano (19-3), 7:30 p.m.
LA CENTER 68, ELMA 35
Elma 5 11 11 8—35
La Center 24 23 19 2—68
ELMA — Jaelyn Sackrider 4, Peyton Elliott 2, Brooke Sutherby 5, Kassedy Olson 3, Kayli Johnson 5, Quin Mikel 5, Tawni Heller 3, Molly Johnston 2, Kali Rambo 6. Totals 10 (6) 11-17 35.
LA CENTER — Nyah Mertz 0, Laynie Erickson 4, Alyssa McKnight 0, Whitley Seter 8 Molly Edwards 21, Natasha Lewis 0, Lauryn Powers 0, Bethany Whitten 0, Madison Rose 0, Taylor Mills 17, Mia Edwards 0, Taylor Stephens 17. Totals 29 (5) 7-13 68.
KING'S WAY CHRISTIAN 49, TENINO 45, OT
KING'S WAY CHRISTIAN — Gracie Brown 0, Bethany Hutchin 2, Hannah Moats 20, Madison Bertrand 0, Amber Kolb 0, Gigi Conway 0, Hannah Nichols 0, MacKenzie Ellertson 27, Zoe Feldman 0, Kaisha Stokes 0. Totals NA.
TENINO — Kershaw 2, Bailon 3, Duncan 10, Letts 11, Wachter 4, Homann 13. Totals NA.
King's Way 7 10 9 15 8—49
Tenino 12 8 8 13 4—45
SETON CATHOLIC 48,
STEVENSON 36
SETON CATHOLIC — Haley Vick 1, Megan McDaid-O'Neill 2, Kaley Beckwith 2, Jasmine Morgan 14, Cheyenne Badger 1, Tiana Scruggs 9, Amy Fraizer 2, Emily Martin 2, Josie Partridge 2, Kaylin McGovern 0, Nami Nsubuga 13, Katherine Zdunich 0, Jerrica Pachl 0. Totals 15 (3) 15-26 48.
STEVENSON — Jaida Emerson 2, Kaitlyn Rathgeber 7, Adriana Campbell 5, Ashley Brannan 0, Kennedy O'Mahoney 11, Zoey Zapfe 0, Peighton Campbell 4, Amya St. Martin 5, Rachel Zolp 2, Jenieveve Monzon 0, Laura Hobbs 0, Hayleigh Nicklaus 0. Totals 13 (2) 8-19 36.
Seton 6 17 12 13—48
Stevenson 7 6 12 11—36
BOYS SWIMMING
STATE MEET SEEDING
Where local entries are seeding in this weekend's high state state swimming championships in Federal Way
CLASS 4A
200 medley relay — 3, Camas 1:37.95.
200 freestyle — 1, Mark Kim (Camas) 1:42.20; 14, Jeff Fadlovich (Camas) 1:48.35; 17, Jaden Kim (Camas) 1:49.98.
200 individual medley — 3, Eric Wu (Camas) 1:53.97; 12, Andrew Chang (Union) 2:01.98; 18, Val Tikhomirov (Union) 2:03.58.
50 freestyle — 1, Tom Utas (Camas) 21.28; 3, Maksim Dolbinin (Heritage) 21.57; 17, Christopher Xia (Camas) 22.48.
100 butterfly — 2, Jaden Kim (Camas) 51.99; 7, Andrew Chang (Union) 52.85; 19, Austin Fogel (Camas) 55.07.
100 freestyle — 3, Tom Utas (Camas) 47.58; 5, Maksim Dolbinin (Heritage) 47.78; 11, Christopher Xia (Camas) 49.21; 22, Finn McClone (Camas) 50.05.
500 freestyle — 1, Mark Kim (Camas) 4:39.93; 10, Austin Fogel (Camas) 4:58.50.
200 free relays — 1, Camas 1:28.30.
100 backstroke — 5, Jeff Fadlovich (Camas) 54.76; 6, Finn McClone (Camas) 54.93.
100 breaststroke — 4, Eric Wu (Camas) 58.29; 8, Val Tikhomirov (Union) 59.29; 16, Kai Johnson (Skyview) 1:00.91.
400 free relays — 2, Camas 3:15.81; 22, Skyview 3:31.77.
CLASS 3A
200 medley relay — 17, Mountain View 1:44.66.
200 freestyle — 23, Jeremiah Fassler (Mountain View) 1:58.02; 24, Enoch Tsai (Mountain View) 1:58.46.
200 individual medley — 18, Tenzin Zingkha (Mountain View) 2:06.59.
50 freestyle — 19, Christian Madden (Mountain View) 22.88; 22, Fred Grimshaw (Mountain View) 22.91.
100 butterfly — 11, Jacob McCarthy (Mountain View) 54.63; 21, Christian Madden (Mountain View) 55.90.
100 freestyle — 22, Fred McCarthy (Mountain View) 50.92.
500 freestyle — 23, Jeremiah Fassler (Mountain View) 5:32.42; 24, Parker Kingsley (Hudson's Bay) 5:52.35.
200 free relays — 19, Mountain View 1:34.74.
100 backstroke — 22, Tenzin Zinghka (Mountain View) 57.12; 23, Gabriel Fassler (Mountain View) 58.61.
100 breaststroke — 22, Enoch Tsai (Mountain View) 1:05.07.
400 free relays — 20, Mountain View 3:30.86.
CLASS 2A
200 medley relays — 4, Columbia River 1:41.15; 24, Hockinson 2:03.29.
200 freestyle — 1, Josh Bottelberghe (Columbia River) 1:43.22; 2, Isaiah Ross (Washougal) 1:45.93.
200 individual medley — 11, Sam Walker (Columbia River) 2:06.32.
50 freestyle — 9, Joe Dodd (Hockinson) 23.26.
100 butterfly — 18, Joe Dodd (Hockinson) 57.44.
100 freestyle — 1, Rob Mead (Columbia River) 48.12; 12, Evan Oja (Hockinson) 52.08; 18, Daniel Brown (Washougal) 53.08; 20, Ben Phelps (Columbia River) 53.53.
500 freestyle — 3, Isaiah Ross (Washougal) 4:50.76; 6, Sam Walker (Columbia River) 4:57.67.
200 free relays — 4, Columbia River 1:33.36; 19, Hockinson 1:41.18.
100 backstroke — 1, Rob Mead (Columbia River) 51.82; 14, Ben Phelps (Columbia River) 1:00.38; 20, Evan Oja (Hockinson) 1:01.64.
100 breaststroke — 1, Josh Bottelberghe (Columbia River) 58.30.
400 free relay — 16, Columbia River 3:52.00; 22, Washougal 4:00.67.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Dallas began the season 2-6, but got on track and is now playing in the State 'AAAA' Championship game.
The Mountaineers haven't lost since April and they hope to keep the winning streak alive for one more game.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — The Hutchinson USD 308 officially opened the 2017-18 school year with their annual convocation.
Several educators were honored during the event. The Davis Foundation made its annual Teachers of the Year Awards. The elementary winners were Jean Gaeddert, Avenue A Elementary School instructional support teacher, and Cassie Sturgeon, Avenue A sixth grade teacher. The middle school winner was Brian Brillhart, HMS-8 English language arts teacher.
The high school winners were Amber Carithers, Hutchinson High School English teacher, and Clayton Evans, HCTEA business teacher.
Each winner receives $4,000. The Davis Foundation has contributed millions of dollars to Hutchinson Public Schools' staff and students since its first scholarships were awarded to HHS seniors 59 years ago.
This is the 35th time the awards have been made to teachers. Since the first awards, Davis has made awards of about $425,000 to USD 308 teachers.
Recognized during the convocation as Classified Employee of the Year was Martin Vieyra, Title I aide at Graber Elementary School. Jesse Ediger, fourth grade teacher at Graber, and Chanin Aumiller, social studies teacher at HMS-8, have been nominated as the district's entries in the Kansas National Teacher of the Year com
ISTANBUL (AP) — At least 39 people were killed and nearly 70 injured in the mass shooting that took place in front of and inside a popular Istanbul nightclub in the first hours of New Year's Day. The victims included citizens of Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, Iraq, France, Tunisia, India, Morocco, Jordan, Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria, Belgium, Germany and Russia.
Among them was a police officer and a security guard employed to keep revelers safe, a tour guide escorting visitors during a night on the town and young adults who had traveled to Turkey for the holidays.
A look at what is known so far about the victims and their nationalities.
___
Advertisement
Mehmet Kerim Akyil, 23, had traveled from Belgium to Istanbul for a New Year's vacation. His father, Ali Akyil, told state-run Anadolu news agency that they were a Turkish family who loved their country.
___
Bulent Sirvan Osman, 38, a married father of two from Erbil, Iraq, was in Istanbul for business, according to Anadolu.
___
Abdullah Ahmed Abbolos, a 32-year-old Palestinian living in Saudi Arabia, had come to Istanbul to celebrate the new year, Anadolu reported.
___
Abis Rizvi from Mumbai was one of two Indian victims of the attack. The 49-year-old builder wrote, produced and directed a Bollywood movie “Roar: The Tigers of Sunderbans,” in 2014 aimed at spreading awareness about tigers.
The other Indian victim was named as Khushi Shah, a fashion designer from Vadodara, a city in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
___
Hatice Karcilar, a 29-year-old private security guard, was among the Turkish victims of the attack, state-run Anadolu news agency reported. She is survived by her husband and a 3-year-old daughter, it said.
___
Turkish police officer Burak Yildiz was shot and killed outside the Reina nightclub, Anadolu reported. The 22-year-old from the southern city of Mersin had been on the force for 1½ years.
___
Ayhan Arik, a 47-year-old Turkish travel agent and a father of two, was shot in the head outside the club, reported the private Dogan news agency.
___
The Lebanese Foreign Ministry identified three of its citizens among the dead as Elias Wardini, Rita Shami and Haikal Musalam. The wounded included Bushra El Douaihy, the daughter of parliament member Estephan El Douaihy, it said.
___
Leanne Nasser, an 18-year-old Arab-Israeli from the town of Tira, was celebrating with friends when the gunman broke in and opened fire. Ruaa Mansour, also 18, was moderately wounded in the attack. Two other friends were unharmed.
___
The U.S. State Department confirmed that a 35-year-old Delaware businessman originally from Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, wounded in the attack.
William Jacob Raak told the Dogan news agency that he was in the club with nine people, seven of whom were shot. Raak suffered a leg wound.
___
France's foreign minister says one French citizen was killed and three others wounded in the shooting.
Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said in a statement that a woman with both French and Tunisian citizenship died in the attack early Sunday. The woman's Tunisian husband also died, he said.
___
Dubai-based broadcaster Al Arabiya reported that seven people from Saudi Arabia were killed and 10 were wounded in the attack.
___
Two people from Bavaria are among the dead, according to Germany's Foreign Ministry.
Spokesman Martin Schaefer declined to name them, but said it appeared one was a German-Turkish dual citizen and the other was believed to have had only Turkish nationality. Three German citizens were wounded in the attack, he said.
___
Jordan's Foreign Ministry said two of its citizens were killed and six were wounded in the attack.
___
Kuwait's Consul-General Mohammad Fahad al-Mohammad said one Kuwaiti was killed and five others were wounded in the shooting.
The Annie E. Casey kids count books gives Kansas a high rank when it comes to child well-being. 15th overall and 7th nationwide for economic conditions for kids.
The drop in the poverty rate nationally began in 2012 and continued in 2015 which is the data represented in this year's kid count book. But those who work with children and those in need, say statistical improvements don't mean problem solved.
Two and three year olds eat lunch at the Family Resource Center in Pittsburg. They also get breakfast and a snack. A consistent source of food for some who are truly in need.
Executive director Ann Elliot said, "We're fifty-four to fifty-eight percent free and reduced. It depends, year to year on the students we have. We don't treat them any differently."
Food security is just one part of the economic well-being of a child according to kids count. This year's book shows
Kansas has fewer kids in poverty, fewer kids whose parents lack secure employment and fewer living in households with a high housing cost burden. That means thirty percent of their income before taxes is spent on rent and utilities leaving them less for food and clothes. It's not clear if parents in Kansas now have better jobs or are finding help.
Elliot said, "We're all working together to provide for the families to make sure they have what they need. It's difficult you know for families to make it. Some don't like to ask for help. We're able to provide a lot of services that don't make people feel bad about taking those services."
While the statistics may be looking better for poverty, a reality check at the Wesley house shows a different picture.
Executive director Marcee Binder said, "Having resources, yes, has helped a lot but I don't think, it does not seem, here in Crawford county with the amount of clients we serve, that their burden of housing is getting better. I do think we have programming that walks with folks through their hard time, but I don't think its necessarily easing the burden overall."
Binder says the charity can barely keep up with demand at its food pantry as numbers continue to rise this summer.
Still the statistics, even when showing improvement, show community need and are used to help get grants.
Elliot said, "I use it to apply for grants when we're looking for funding for materials or programs. I have three preschool classrooms that are free to parents."
Resource Center teacher Shane Shanks explained, "I think its our purpose to set a good foundation for them to grow up. "
Helping parents invest in their children to overcome poverty.
There is also data on kids health and education on kids count. People can check their state and even county at the kids count site.
http://www.aecf.org/resources/2017-kids-count-data-book/
Here is a link.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Tampa Bay reliever Wilmer Font yielded Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's first hit of the game.
Nathan Eovaldi started Wednesday night for the Rays and pitched six innings in his first start since his second Tommy John surgery. He struck out four and walked one while throwing 70 pitches.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop. But then Lowrie got his hit.
Rays center fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
Comments
comments
Richmond have stormed to the top of the AFL ladder with a late burst, sealing a 46-point win over a fading Melbourne in the Anzac Day eve clash at the MCG.
The Demons trailed by just six points in the third quarter, but the Tigers slammed home seven of the last nine goals of the game to score a 15.12 (102) to 8.8 (56) win in front of 77,071 fans.
Dustin Martin was quiet early but warmed into the contest to finish with 26 possessions, including 10 clearances.
Kane Lambert (29 disposals), Shane Edwards (26) and Bachar Houli (26) were also important, while Jack Higgins led the way in attack with three goals in just his second game.
It was another uneven performance from Melbourne, who slipped to a 2-3 record with the loss.
The Demons endured nine days of intense criticism after their limp effort in a 67-point thumping by Hawthorn and they started like they had a point to prove.
But while they had the Tigers on the back foot, they let themselves down with costly skill errors.
Richmond soaked up the early pressure and counter-attacked effectively when opportunities presented to lead by three points at the first break.
Melbourne coach Simon Goodwin conceded his erratic team couldn't be trusted in the lead-up to the big clash and they wilted under the Tigers' pressure in the second quarter.
Martin and Reece Conca got on top at the stoppages and Richmond should have been more than 20 points up at halftime after dominating the inside-50 count 19-5.
The Demons suffered a blow when Dean Kent's night ended with a hamstring injury, but they took the fight back up to the Tigers after the restart.
Clayton Oliver (31 possessions) and Nathan Jones (30) provided the spark as the margin was sliced to just six points, but as they had done all night, Damien Hardwick's men answered the challenge.
They led by 19 points at three-quarter time and finished the fading Demons in clinical fashion.
Jake Melksham kicked a career-high four goals and Max Gawn had 56 hitouts, but Melbourne had too many passengers.
The Tigers move on to a round-six clash against Collingwood on Sunday, while the Demons will take on Essendon at Etihad Stadium.
MEADOW LAKE, Sask. - The lawyer for a teenager who killed four people and injured seven others in the northern Saskatchewan community of La Loche has asked the court for what is called a Gladue report.
The report on an aboriginal offender's background is for the judge to use in making a sentencing decision.
Defence lawyer Aaron Fox made the request during the second week of the hearing to determine whether the teen should be sentenced as an adult or a youth.
The teen pleaded guilty last fall to two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of second-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder.
He killed brothers Dayne and Drayden Fontaine in a home in January 2016 before shooting up the high school where teacher Adam Wood and teacher's aide Marie Janvier died.
Fox says some information about the youth's background has come out and raised important questions that need to be answered.
"It's pretty clear that there's some history there that we think is relevant and this is just too serious a matter not to have that covered off," Fox said outside the courthouse Wednesday.
"It's not a situation where anybody is prejudiced by the delay. Having said that, I understand people want to get this wrapped up, but it's too important an issue not to deal with."
Crown prosecutor Lloyd Stang did not oppose the request for the Gladue report, but he questioned the timing of the request.
Stang said it's a report that could have been ordered sooner.
"If it does cause an additional delay, I'm sure that would be frustrating for the community and the victims because they most of all want to see this move forward and the process get completed as soon as possible," Stang said.
The Crown finished presenting its case Wednesday and the defence plans to call the first of its three witnesses Thursday morning.
Fox also said if the teen makes a statement, it will be Friday.
No date has yet been set for closing arguments.
PULLMAN, Wash. — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for his senior season.
Franks, the Pac-12's Most Improved Player last season, announced Wednesday that he would return.
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent. His return is good news for Washington State, which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer.
Last season, Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game. He was an honourable mention All-Pac-12 selection.
Perth and Adelaide reignited a fierce rivalry with a brawl to close the game. Video: Twitter / NBL
Perth and Adelaide reignited a fierce rivalry with a brawl to close the game. Video: Twitter / NBL
Win the game, not the fight: Perth Wildcats skipper Damian Martin urges side to remain calm in Adelaide rematch The West Australian
Wildcats captain Damian Martin has labelled opposing skipper Brendan Teys' brawl-sparking foul a “non-basketball play” but has urged his teammates to keep their emotions in check for today's potentially fiery rematch in Adelaide.
It comes as all players involved in Friday night's scuffle were cleared by the league to take part in today's grudge match, despite Teys and Perth's Dexter Kernich-Drew being cited for unduly rough play.
Lucas Walker and Shannon Shorter will both have cases to answer after leaving their respective benches to head toward the fight, while a further eight players were reported for engaging in the melee. The NBL will decide on penalties after today's game.
Martin said he was disappointed at Teys' crude foul on Perth development player Lochlan Cummings in the final seconds of the Cats' 111-90 blowout win, which sparked a heavy Kernich-Drew bump in retaliation.
“The Teys foul was uncalled for, and Dexter reacted according to seeing his development player teammate get hit in a non-basketball play,” Martin said.
Josh Childress of the 36ers talks with spectators following Friday night's melee. Picture: Getty Images
“I'm a big believer in what happens on the court stays on the court, and I don't think anything crossed the line.
“Dexter responded in the way I'd expect any of my teammates to if they saw that. I have no qualms with how he handled it.”
Martin revealed why star guard Bryce Cotton became particularly incensed on Perth's bench as the scuffle played out.
Cotton had to be restrained by teammates and training staff as he looked to make his way out onto the court.
“He copped a couple of shots (during the game) that he wasn't happy with,” Martin said of Cotton.
“Particularly, he shot a free-throw and one guy has gone to try and box him out and gone straight for his knee, and stuff that aren't basketball plays.
“I think when he saw that (the Teys foul), it was the icing on the cake.”
Martin, who plays his 250th Wildcats game today, said the rematch would be a test of both teams' mental toughness.
“Playing with emotion isn't a bad thing, but you've got to make sure you play with the right type, and one that's not going to derail you from being able to implement the team goals,” he said.
“We know it's going to make for an incredible atmosphere, and hopefully, the guys can channel the emotion in the right direction.
“The last thing we want is to go over there, wait for the first foul to be given, and react.
“Right now we're battling it out for second spot on the ladder, and that's much more important than trying to win any fight that carries over from Friday night.”
Perth will officially seal a playoff berth for the 32nd straight season with a win, or an Illawarra loss to New Zealand in the day's other game.
Keeping Welland's name at the forefront of federal ministries and agencies was one of the reasons Welland Mayor Frank Campion, CAO Gary Long and economic development officer Dan Degazio spent three days in the nation's capital last week.
The three men met with the office of the Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development, office of the Minister of Transportation, office of the Minister of Infrastructure and Communities, Canada Post, Export Development Canada, and Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Niagara Centre MP Vance Badawey accompanied the men one of the visits.
“It was very successful. We learned more about programs available to us and made connections with the proper staff in each of the ministers' offices. They were appreciative we took the time to go and meet with them, they'll know who they're dealing with when we call.”
Making those connections and working with all levels of government has paid off for Welland, the mayor said, adding it worked in the case of attracting GE to the Rose City.
During a meeting with Transport Canada, Campion said one of things the city has been looking at is purchasing land along the Welland Canal for industrial purposes; creating more development-ready lands and adding them to the city's inventory.
“We talked about working out an arrangement in conjunction with the St. Lawrence Seaway (Management Corp.) to create a logistics centre that includes rail and trucking. A dockage area where ships can tie up. They seemed very receptive to the concept and it fits in with federal plans of moving goods throughout Canada.”
Those talks also fit in with a meeting the three men had with Export Development Canada in relation to Niagara's Free Trade Zone.
Niagara was designated a free trade zone by the federal government last year and, said Campion, it makes the area attractive for the movement of goods back and forth across with border with reduced tariffs and duty.
“We were looking to them for more information on it. We'd like to see an office opened in Niagara to give us another tool to use. We could show people how the free trade zone could be used for industry.”
Brownfield redevelopment was on the agenda when the three men met with the Federation of Canadian Municipalities, the agency that advocates municipal needs to the federal government when it comes to federal programs and policies.
“There are several programs we can tap into, and they're going to get back to us on them.”
Campion said Welland has a lot of abandoned industrial lands, some in the heart of the city, that could be remediated through the FCM programs, or where the city could help assist in the remediation.
Canada Post was also included in the three-day trip, with three meeting with high level staff to talk about the former post office on King Street, just north of Division St.
The building is still owned by the Crown corporation and has been abandoned and boarded up for years.
“It's a prime part of our downtown core, facing the water and we talked about selling it or transferring it to the city,” he said, adding the city asked for the look of the building to be improved first, and for Canada Post to do something with it, second.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
TORONTO — A Tom Thomson painting that was given away as a gag gift just months ago has sold at auction for nearly half a million dollars.
Until recently, "Sketch for Lake in Algonquin Park" was collecting dust among a pile of artworks in Glenna Gardiner's Edmonton basement.
The 71-year-old retired nurse says she used to laugh off her late father's claims that the painting was created by Thomson, often considered the forefather to the Group of Seven.
The work's origins became a running joke between Gardiner and a longtime friend, who insisted it was authentic, leading Gardiner to present it as a gag gift.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester are waiting on the fitness of Henry Trinder and Fraser Balmain ahead of the West Country derby against Bath.
Trinder is enjoying a fine season, leading the club's try scoring charts jointly with Ollie Thorley with 10 tries in 18 starts but is a doubt with a shoulder problem.
Tight-head prop Balmain hurt his hand in the European Challenge Cup semi-final against Newcastle and a decision will be made later on the week over whether he will be able to play in Saturday's Premiership clash, the final home game of the season.
Gloucester heads coach Johan Ackermann said: “We'll make the final call if the medical side will allow him to play. We'll obviously have to strap his hand etcetera if he plays.
“Same with Henry Trinder. He's also struggling a bit with a shoulder (injury) so we'll make that call also on Thursday.”
Gloucester's front row options have been depleted in recent weeks with Val Rapava-Ruskin, Richard Hibbard and Gareth Denman out and none of them are expected to return this weekend.
If Balmain is out it could leave them particularly light on the tight-head side but the versatile Josh Hohneck offers another option there.
Fly-half Owen Williams is yet to overcome a shoulder injury but Hibbard's hopes of making it to 100 appearances before he leaves at the end of the season to join Dragons are still alive.
The Wales international hooker is currently on 99 and is close to recovering from a back injury with just one Premiership game away to Saracens left after this weekend and the European Challenge Cup final against Cardiff Blues in Bilbao.
Ackermann said: “Unfortunately they're all not ready yet, especially Owen is not clear yet.
“Richard is looking much better and is starting to run and train with us again so if all goes well Richard will be available from next week.”
Jamiat Ulema Islam (JUI-F) central leader Senator Maualana Atta-ur-Rehman on Monday called for a transparent inquiry into allegations levelled by Javed Hashmi against PTI Chairman Imran Khan.
Addressing a press conference here, he said Javed Hashmi was a seasoned politician and he always stood for truth. His accusations against Imran Khan should be taken seriously and a probe should be initiated with no delay.
“The allegations of Hashmi are substantial and consistent with JUI-F's stance,” he remarked.
Maulana Atta-ur-Rehman said that PTI's all tall claims of justice, transparency and merit fell flat as the KP government made records of nepotism and corruption in the province.
He said PTI-led KP government was only deceiving masses in the name of change and development projects. It was engaged in inaugurating the already initiated projects of MMM's tenure, he maintained.
He said China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) was a project of immense importance for development and prosperity in the country, but unfortunately, certain elements were engaged in negative propaganda.
Referring to Asif Ali Zardari, he said that the return of Zardari would bring no significant change in country's politics, as the people have realised that PPP is only limited to the slogan of “Roti, Kapra, Makan”.
He said PTI's politics is confined to allegations, character assassination, corruption, use of immoral language, adding Jamat-e-Islami (JI) has ruined its prestige as it is equally involved in each and every crime of PTI.
WARNING: This story contains graphic descriptions.
A young worker is clinging to life after an automotive workshop burst into flames in Osborne Park on Monday.
The cause of the fire at Precision Automatic Transmissions is yet to be determined, but it is believed a worker was using an angle grinder before the fire.
A young man is in a critical condition in Fiona Stanley Hospital.
Peter Harding, who works nearby, said he heard the man's screams and saw the skin from his chest down to his thighs was badly burnt and blistered.
“All of his skin was basically in his hands because it had peeled off and he was carrying it,” he said. “He was screaming and he was in pain.
“His shirt was burned off and half his jeans. They were just trying to keep him cool.”
Mr Harding said there were big explosions as the fire intensified.
“The flames were through the roof and cans were exploding continuously,” he said.
“The smoke was very thick and there was explosion after explosion. Different drums blew up as it got hotter.”
Camera Icon The fire at the Osborne Park business. Picture: Sharon Smith
Simon Carville, who works next door, said they realised something was wrong when someone came rushing into their office to tell them there had been an accident.
“We didn't know what was going on, but a few of us went outside for a look and they were hosing a man down in the carpark next door,” he said.
“We assumed something had been spilled on him and he was moaning, in a lot of pain, but we couldn't really tell what was going on.
“Within a minute we were being told to evacuate and the place had smoke billowing out the front.”
Department of Fire and Emergency Services district officer Warren Murtagh said that firefighting crews “did a fantastic job” containing the fire.
Luxury cars, including an Audi and four BMWs, were parked outside the business.
It is believed about six vehicles were destroyed inside.
Camera Icon Workmates comfort a man outside the fire in Osborne Park. Picture: Sharon Smith.
Mr Murtagh said oils and other motor fluids had fuelled the fire.
“The risk is definitely there and the hazards make the job that much more difficult,” he said.
A second man received minor burns in the fire.
WorkSafe is investigating.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Looking for a lunch party with a difference this Christmas?
Perhaps you want to go out with work colleagues or friends?
The Apres Ski chalet outside the Abbey Hotel is hosting special fondue lunch parties in the run up to Christmas, where you and your friends or colleagues can enjoy lashings of melted cheese with crudites and crusty bread over a fondue pot to share with family and friends.
Fondues used to be a thing of the past, but they are making a welcome comeback and are great fun.
Picture the scene.
You're sitting in the lovely cosy Apres Ski bar complete with glowing wood burning stove, dipping lovely crusty bread into moutherwatering melted Alpine cheese, with a glass of mulled wine or cider in your hand.
It's the nearest thing you can get to being on the actual slopes and, after a few Gluweins, maybe you won't notice the difference.
Tickets are £12.50 per person for a shared fondue pot, charcuterie, bread, salad, pudding, and a glass of mulled wine or cider.
Although the Christmas market has already finished, the Apres Ski chalet will remain in place until Dec 21, from 10am until 11pm.
It's immensely popular with Bathonians and visitors, really atmospheric and in an ideal location, especially during this cold spell.
Now in its fifth season, and more festive and twinkly than before, the pop-up chalet bar brings a dash of ambience to the city centre.
The fondue lunches are only held on certain dates.
For more information or to book visit abbeyhotelbath.co.uk
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd.
Depp, in Vancouver to film his new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C. Children's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow, the character he plays in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
He was reportedly there for a number of hours, going from room to room in his pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients.
"He was never Johnny Depp, he was always Jack Sparrow," a hospital employee told Global BC.
#JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver. 🌟️ (via IG katgootmusic) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy 💖🙏 pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
#JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world 💙 I'm really proud of him 🙏🌟 pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
And this isn't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted his fans. He was at Vancouver's Blackbird Public House on July 25, where his latest project was being filmed, and mingled with several excited Vancouverites.
mraptis@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
DETROIT(WWJ) – Three Detroit police officers who were involved in a high-speed chase back in 2015 that left two children dead and four others seriously injured are being sued.
The lawsuit was filed Friday, in Wayne County Circuit Court and in Federal court, on behalf of the victims' families. The city along with three officers — Richard Billingslea, Steven Fultz and Hakeem Patterson — are named in the suit, which seeks upwards of $75,000 in damages.
According to the lawsuit, Billingslea, Fultz and Patterson pursued the driver of a red Camaro at a high rate of speed through a densely populated residential neighborhood. The chase ended in a crash that killed 6-year-old Michaleangeo Jackson and his three-year-old sister Makiah. Officer Fultz claimed that he witnessed one of the occupants flashing a semiautomatic hand gun, according to the lawsuit, but the alleged gun was never recovered.
The suit accuses the officers of disregarding a Detroit Police Department policy on pursuits, which says such chases should end when “there is clear and present danger to the public which outweighs the need for immediate apprehension of the violator.”
The chase began about 7:30 p.m. on Thursday, June 25, 2015 when the officers patrolling a neighborhood near Warren Avenue and East Outer Drive encountered the Camaro.
“The officer reported seeing a weapon which constitutes a felony. Officers can pursue for a weapons offense,” Police Chief James Craig said following the incident.
The chase lasted just 62 seconds and spanned 1.64 miles. Craig said a supervisor reported making several attempts to verbally stop the pursuit, but it's not clear if the orders were heard over police radio traffic.
The Camaro's computer confirmed that the vehicle was traveling at over 100 miles per hour, according to the lawsuit.
Craig said officers lost sight of the Camaro before it crashed into the front porch of a home near Frankfurt and Nottingham, where several kids were playing outside. The Jackson siblings were killed and three other children were critically injured, along with a 23-year-old woman.
The lawsuit, however, claims that the cruiser actually bumped the Camaro, which caused the suspect to lose control and strike the Jackson kids, resulting in their deaths. The Camaro continued to careen out of control, the lawsuit claims, until it struck a parked minivan nearly a block away. On the other side of the minivan were three children who suffered severe injuries when the van was forced into them, according to the lawsuit.
Separately, Billingslea is facing felony assault charges. The case comes after an incident recorded on a cell phone camera at Detroit gas station where he is allegedly seen beating and pepper spraying a man.
The city has not commented on the lawsuit.
The suspect driving the Camaro, Lorenzo Harris, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to at least 30 years in prison.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A jump in traffic fatalities last year pushed deaths on U.S. roads to their highest level in nearly a decade, erasing improvements made during the Great Recession and economic recovery, a leading safety organization said Wednesday.
Fatalities rose 6 percent in 2016, reaching an estimated 40,200 deaths compared to 37,757 deaths the previous year, according the National Safety Council. The group gets its data from states. The last time there were more than 40,000 fatalities in a single year was in 2007, just before the economy tanked. There were 41,000 deaths that year.
The increase came as Americans drove more last year — a 3 percent increase in total miles. The council cited continued lower gasoline prices and an improving economy as key factors.
Following an increase in fatalities in 2015, the United States has had the sharpest two-year increase in traffic deaths in 53 years, the council said.
Advertisement
Americans have come to accept large numbers of traffic deaths as inevitable instead of than taking actions that would prevent them, said Deborah Hersman, the council's president.
“Motor vehicle fatality numbers have been ringing the alarm for two years,” she said. “Unfortunately, we have been tone-deaf to the data and the carnage on our roadways. If we fail to take action, the death toll will continue to rise.”
Jonathan Adkins, executive director of the Governors Highway Safety Association, which represents state highway safety offices, said state officials continue to point to three predominant factors in traffic deaths — “belts, booze and speed.”
In the last three years, 13 states have raised speed limits on at least some portion of their interstate highways.
“Additionally, driver distraction and our society's addiction to electronic devices is likely playing a role in the increase in deaths,” Adkins said.
The estimated annual mileage death rate last year was 1.25 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles, an increase of 3 percent from the 2015 rate.
Traffic deaths began dropping in 2008 and reached their lowest point in six decades in 2011 at 32,000 deaths. They fluctuated slightly over the next two years, but started climbing in the last quarter of 2014.
As the economy recovered, people not only began driving more, but they also increased more risky types of driving “like going out on the weekends or taking long trips on unfamiliar roads,” said Adrian Lund, president of the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
Teens, who have the highest fatal crash rates, are also back on the road after the recession when many of them couldn't afford to drive as much, he said.
The surge in fatalities comes as cars and trucks have more safety features than ever. Nearly all new cars and light trucks now have electronic stability control and rearview cameras, for example. Automakers are also beginning to equip more cars with sophisticated safety technology like adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency-braking and blind-spot monitoring that are designed to prevent crashes rather than merely make them survivable.
Other important safety advances are also on the horizon, including vehicle-to-vehicle communications that allow cars to wirelessly warn each other of their movements in time to avoid collisions and self-driving cars that hold the potential to eliminate human error, a factor in more than 90 percent of crashes.
The council's fatality estimates differ slightly from those of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The government counts only deaths that occur on public roads, while the council includes fatalities that occur in parking lots, driveways and private roads.
Last month, NHTSA reported that traffic deaths surged about 8 percent in the first nine months of 2016.
___
Follow Joan Lowy at http://twitter.com/AP_Joan_Lowy. Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/joan-lowy
Former Automotive Holdings Group boss Bronte Howson has made an emphatic return to the car retail industry by taking a majority stake in WA's sole Audi dealership.
The deal comes on the heels of Mr Howson finishing a non-compete period after ending a 17-year stint as AHG's managing director.
Audi Centre Perth shareholders Peter James, David Collins and Alf Barbagallo have retained stakes in the Osborne Park business.
The value of the transaction was not disclosed. WestBusiness understands the owners had since 2016 been seeking a deal which put a value of at least $35 million on the goodwill of the business. It is the first change to the dealership's ownership structure in 14 years.
Camera Icon In 2016 Audi Centre Perth was understood to be selling about 130 new vehicles a month and had a gross annual turnover of about $120 million. Picture: Ian Munro
“For me, it's an exciting time to buy into Audi in WA, and to be able to add my experience to the dealership team will no doubt be useful as the brand commences another strong product onslaught with new vehicles like the Audi A8 and Q8,” Mr Howson said. Audi Australia said the change in shareholding would bring new opportunities for business development and expansion, representing further investment possibilities for the brand in this State.
“Bronte's investment now means that growth will continue with vigour at a time when the brand is developing a host of extraordinary new products for customers,” Audi business development director Thierry Juilland said.
In 2016 Audi Centre Perth was understood to be selling about 130 new vehicles a month and had a gross annual turnover of about $120 million. It had an average normalised profit of $4.25 million over three years.
The Audi e-Tron Vision Gran Turismo would look more at home in a video game. That's because that's what it was designed for. The West Australian Video The Audi e-Tron Vision Gran Turismo would look more at home in a video game. That's because that's what it was designed for.
The 63-year-old Mr Howson handed over the reins of AHG, Australia's biggest dealer network, to British import John McConnell at the end of 2016.
He spent 28 years with the company in all, leading the group through its 2005 float on the Australian Securities Exchange. Since leaving AHG he has kept a low profile, taking on board roles with ASX-listed flatpack carpark developer Parkd and fishery firm Fremantle Octopus.
A Senate hearing erupted into by a fiery exchange between a Labor senator and Turnbull government minister Michaelia Cash about her court order to give evidence over police raids on the Australian Workers Union.
At one stage, Labor senator Murray Watt forced the hearing to adjourn after repeatedly being deemed out of order by chair of the Senate economics committee, Liberal senator Jane Hume.
She felt the AWU matter had nothing to do with the Department of Industry, Innovation and Science, which was under scrutiny at the time.
"Senator Watt is entitled to come here and pull a stunt and that is absolutely fine ... he does tend to make statements that have no factual basis," Senator Cash interjected.
On the resumption of the hearing, the chair said Senator Cash did not have to answer any of the Labor senator's questions if she did not feel they were relevant to the Industry, Innovation and Science portfolio.
Senator Cash said the Labor senator had his media headline, then accused him of running a "protection racket" for Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, a former secretary of the AWU.
Senator Cash is challenging the court order which related to Australian Federal Police raids of the AWU offices in Melbourne and Sydney over a Registered Organisations Commission investigation into a $100,000 donation from the union to activist group GetUp in 2006.
Labor accused the minister of avoiding scrutiny when she did not turn up to a hearing on Wednesday.
Senator Watt quizzed the minister over when she was served the subpoena, its nature, whether she has been interviewed by the AFP and whether she was using taxpayers' money challenging the court order.
She repeatedly took the questions on notice and said she would refer them to the relevant committee.
Asked whether the subpoena would affect her role as a minister, she replied: "Certainly not. I don't think I would have been the first minister to be served with a subpoena."
Senator Watt became so exasperated by the lack of answers, he asked Senator Cash what the time was.
"Will you answer that question?" Senator Watt asked.
"Now you are actually being silly, senator," Senator Cash replied.
The family of a Boy Scout with Down syndrome is suing after the organization stripped their 15-year-old son of all his badges. Matt Yurus reports.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing Service is seeking nominations for positions on the National Sheep Industry Improvement Center Board of Directors. There are three vacant positions for the 2018 board, of which two vacancies are for sheep producers and one vacancy for a person with expertise in marketing. Any U.S. sheep producer may be nominated for the producer positions and anyone with expertise in finance and management may be nominated for the marketing position.
As a nominating organization for NSIIC, the American Sheep Industry Association is looking for volunteers to put forward for consideration for the vacant positions. Applications must be submitted to ASI Executive Director Peter Orwick at porwick@sheepusa.org by May 5 for consideration by the ASI Executive Board. For more information and to access the application form, visit: Application Form.
BERLIN, April 28 Air Berlin reported a record net loss of 782 million euros ($854 million) in 2016 and a widening loss in the first quarter of 2017, due to restructuring costs, impairments and pressure on ticket prices, the German carrier said on Friday.
Air Berlin, 29 percent owned by Abu Dhabi-based Etihad, is undergoing a restructuring that will see the size of its fleet halve to about 75 aircraft as it battles to become profitable.
Last year, Air Berlin faced more competition on Mediterranean routes as rivals shifted capacity from Egypt and Turkey to Spain.
This year, it has faced ground staff problems at its Berlin hub, including strikes that hurt all carriers and delays to its flights and baggage delivery due to a change of ground handler.
The results show the scale of the challenge facing former Lufthansa manager Thomas Winkelmann, who took over this year.
In presentation slides, the company said it had sufficient liquidity and financing to continue restructuring but results would only show improvements the end of the second quarter.
"This also now means sounding out new opportunities beyond the existing strategy," Winkelmann said, without giving details.
The 2016 net loss of 782 million euros includes impairment and restructuring charges of 335 million euros and compares with a loss of 447 million euros reported for 2015.
For the first quarter, it reported a net loss of 293 million euros, compared with 182 million one year ago.
Its market capitalisation is just under 61 million euros.
($1 = 0.9156 euros) (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Edmund Blair)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Jonathan Lai covers issues related to rights and explores our changing understanding of them. Topics include freedom of expression, gerrymandering, and digital privacy and security. He has been with the Inquirer and Daily News since 2012 and covered higher education in New Jersey until 2017.
HARRISBURG — Just one day before congressional candidates had to file nominating petitions, the U.S. Supreme Court in Washington and the federal District Court here both declined on Monday to grant requests from Republicans to block the new Pennsylvania congressional district map from going into effect for the May 15 primary.
By improving Democrats' chances of picking up seats in an important swing state, the new map has already changed the landscape for the congressional elections, with more people expressing an interest in running and some veteran politicians reconsidering their chances of success.
The courts' decisions on Monday disappointed Republicans —some of whom will likely face a tougher path to re-election — and delighted Democrats, who are hoping to regain control of the House.
“For anyone who cares about democracy, for anyone who cares that every voter's voice should be heard, this is a great day,” said Mimi McKenzie, legal director of the Philadelphia-based Public Interest Law Center, which represented the Democratic voters who brought the initial suit that prompted the redrawing of the congressional map.
Top Republicans in the state House and Senate seemed resigned Monday to the idea that it was the end of the road for their effort to stop the map.
“I'm sure we'll review options, but I think we're accepting the decision,” said Senate Majority Leader Jake Corman (R., Centre), who along with others brought the U.S. District Court challenge. “[We] don't like it, but that's life and we move on.”
In a one-sentence filing, the Supreme Court declined late Monday afternoon to intervene in the case. The justices did not offer an explanation for their unanimous decision.
Resignation or glee — depending on political affiliation — then appeared to set in at the Capitol.
State House Speaker Mike Turzai (R., Allegheny), one of two legislative leaders who appealed to the Supreme Court, said in a statementthat he still believes the Pennsylvania Supreme Court overstepped its bounds when it imposed the new map last month.
“Nonetheless, we respect the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court and are prepared to move on to other issues of importance to the people of Pennsylvania,” he said.
Gov. Wolf, a Democrat, applauded the courts' decisions. “The people of Pennsylvania are tired of gerrymandering, and the new map corrects past mistakes that created unfair congressional districts and attempted to diminish the impact of citizens' votes,” he said in a statement.
Earlier in the day, the U.S. District Court rejected the challenge filed by eight congressmen and two state senators, who argued that the state Supreme Court, when it imposed a new map last month, violated the Elections Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which grants state legislatures the power to oversee elections.
In a 27-page set of filings, the judges said that the Republican lawmakers did not have standing: The argument that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court stepped on the legislature's rights should be brought by the entire General Assembly, not by two of its members or a group of congressmen, the court said.
“The plaintiffs are neither the Pennsylvania General Assembly nor a group to which Pennsylvania has delegated the commonwealth's lawmaking power,” the judges wrote. “As far as we can tell on this record, the Elections Clause claims asserted in the verified complaint belong, if they belong to anyone, only to the Pennsylvania General Assembly.”
The judges wrote that the court was not in a position “to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the U.S. Constitution.”
The judges said that the issues raised in the case were “of high importance to our republican form of government” and that they understood the GOP's frustration. “But frustration, even frustration emanating from arduous time constraints placed on the legislative process, does not accord the plaintiffs a right to relief,” they wrote.
The three judges — Chief U.S. District Judge Christopher C. Conner for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, Judge Kent A. Jordan of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, and District Judge Jerome B. Simandle for the District of New Jersey — all were appointed by Republican presidents and confirmed with bipartisan Senate support.
Already, both Democratic and Republican candidates had begun campaigning under the new maps. In some cases, that meant shuffling districts or reconsidering whether to run.
U.S. Rep. Ryan Costello, a Republican in a competitive district based in Chester County, said he would file petitions Tuesday to run in the district. However, when asked Monday, he did not firmly say he was running for re-election. Costello has been a vocal critic of the new map, which changes his district significantly. If he were to file his petitions but drop out up to 85 days before the election, state Republicans could name a replacement on the ballot.
On the western side of the state, Democrat Conor Lamb appears to have inched out State Rep. Rick Saccone, a Republican, in the special election to replace U.S. Rep. Tim Murphy. That district will be drastically changed and renumbered under the new map. That means Lamb will likely run in a different district, home to incumbent Republican U.S. Rep. Keith Rothfus, and likely the site of a competitive Democratic primary. Saccone has said he intends to run in another, where he is expected to have at least one Republican primary challenger — State Sen. Guy Reschenthaler.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court in January tossed out the previous congressional map on the ground that it had been drawn to favor Republicans, violating the state constitution. It gave lawmakers and the governor's office deadlines for submitting and reviewing a new map.
With those deadlines passed without agreement on a map, the Supreme Court, with assistance from an outside expert, imposed a new one. Overall, political analysts say they expect Republicans to have the overall edge in the new map, but it created more competitive districts and more districts that would favor Democrats.
Staff writer Jonathan Tamari contributed to this article.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
WTOP Car Guy Mike Parris says that after nearly a decade, GMC has redesigned its large crossover, and pretty much everything is different.
This new Acadia looks more rough and tough than the last model. (WTOP/Mike Parris)
WASHINGTON — After nearly a decade, GMC has redesigned its large crossover, turning the Acadia into a lean, luxurious ute.
The Acadia just had its best sales year in 2016. So you could imagine that GM wasn't in a huge rush to make changes. But for 2017 the Acadia is the first to be redone – the Chevrolet Traverse and Buick Enclave twins will come in the next year or two.
So just what has changed on this all-new Acadia? Pretty much everything.
I drove not just any Acadia, but the top-of-the-line, loaded $52,000 Denali model. Right off, it's clear that it has a different look. This new Acadia looks more rough and tough than the last model, with a more truck-like front end, a large, in-your-face grill and a lot of chrome trim pieces on this Denali trim level.
The side view also looks less bland than before, and larger 20-inch wheels give it more of an SUV look; it's less like the outgoing people-moving crossover that it really is.
You also notice one of the biggest changes when looking from the side: the smaller, svelter size compared with the outgoing model. Park next to an older model and you can really tell that it's shorter behind the rear doors. My wife likes the looks, and as a current owner of the Chevy version, that's a good sign for GMC.
Inside the new GMC Acadia Denali, you find a more-modern style with nicer materials than before. Leather and soft materials are a given for a Denali trim level, but the quality seems to be top-notch this time. The heated and ventilated seats and heated steering wheel are nice touches, and the trim pieces look like real wood trim now.
The front seats are comfortable for short or long trips, and the second row of captain chairs offer good comfort on longer trips, with nice head and legroom. One thing that this Acadia lacks is space in the third row — there is room for only two passengers, not three, in this shorter and narrower new version. Cargo space also suffers with the third row in use. The previous version was really large for a midsize crossover, so this new version is more in line with the competition.
This new model's tech excels, with a 4G LTE Wi-Fi hotspot and features such as adaptive cruise control and full-speed auto front braking and a blind spot monitor.
The new Acadia is a little smaller and much lighter than before. With a loss of about 700 pounds, expect spirited performance from this more powerful 310hp V6 engine. Compared with my wife's ride, this seems much quicker and it handles better too.
The weight loss means the fuel economy is better than before. My tester managed 21 mpg in 295 miles of mixed driving, beating the 20 mpg on the sticker. It's about 2 to 3 mpg better than the previous version.
An optional $1,200 ride and handling package adds real-time dampening, so it adapts to the conditions and helps get rid of some of the body lean. It does well on all the road surfaces, and it's quiet with less wind and road noise. This slightly smaller Acadia is easier to drive in the city and to park in smaller spaces, but it's still not a tiny crossover by any means.
The new 2017 GMC Acadia Denali is a big step forward in the more premium midsize crossover market. A better ride and a more distinctive look inside and out help this new GMC Acadia stand out.
Editor's note: Mike Parris is a member of the Washington Automotive Press Association. The vehicles are provided by STI, FMI or Event Solutions for the purpose of this review.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Scott DiSavino
April 12 U.S. energy firms are scrambling to finish a slew of pipelines that will unleash rich reserves of shale gas in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio as the nation prepares to become one of the world's top natural gas exporters.
The pipelines are expected to boost output from shale fields in the three states by giving producers access to new domestic and international markets.
Those states could supply about a third of all U.S. natural gas once the pipeline expansion is complete, up from about 25 percent now, according to projections from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA).
The network will bring cheaper fuel supplies for power generation and industry being built in the eastern half of Canada and the United States, especially along the U.S. Gulf Coast. It would also transport the huge volumes needed to feed facilities that chill the gas to liquid so it can be shipped internationally.
The construction addresses a lack of pipeline capacity that has stunted development of two of the largest shale fields in the United States, the Marcellus and Utica formations.
The lines should allow output to increase from both fields by about 50 percent in the next two years, according to the EIA. Gas from the Marcellus and Utica is among the cheapest in the country.
Among the largest projects under construction are Energy Transfer Partners LP's (ETP) Rover; TransCanada Corp's Leach XPress; and Williams Cos Inc's Atlantic Sunrise. Those lines will move gas out of these shale basins to markets in Canada, the U.S. Midwest and Southeast, including expected connections to Gulf Coast export terminals.
The completion of the lines will be a welcome boon for the firms and their investors after a tough couple of years. A slump in international energy prices led to reduced demand for new oil and gas pipeline capacity from producers.
ETP and other firms were also hit by a growing protest movement of environmentalists, Native American rights groups and U.S. military veterans, which delayed big ticket projects such as the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Contractors building ETP's $4.2 billion Rover gas pipeline from Pennsylvania to Ontario will hire up to 15,000 workers during construction of the line, expected to be completed by late 2017, according to ETP spokesperson.
CHANGING FORTUNES
Just over a decade ago - before technological innovation unleashed huge oil and gas supplies trapped in shale rock - U.S. gas production from conventional fields was in decline and the nation was expected to become one of the world's biggest importers of natural gas.
High prices for fuel encouraged petrochemical and chemical industries to move abroad.
Now, amid the shale revolution, the nation is producing 50 percent more gas, making it the world's biggest producer as energy firms opened up new energy frontiers across the United States.
Prices for gas have averaged less than $3 per million British thermal units over the past two years, a third of the price in 2005, and are expected to remain mostly below that level through at least 2023, based on current futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
That cheap and ample supply motivated industrial firms to spend billions to build and expand manufacturing facilities mostly along the U.S. Gulf Coast but also in the Midwest, such as chemical companies that use gas to make plastics.
Royal Dutch Shell PLC last year agreed to build a multibillion-dollar petrochemical complex near Pittsburgh to be close to the source of the Marcellus and Utica gas. It will employ about 6,000 workers to build the facility and is expected to create about 600 permanent jobs when completed.
Abundant supply has also sparked interest from many countries in buying U.S. LNG exports.
The United States is expected to become a net exporter of gas this year or next for the first time since 1957 on the back of those rising LNG exports as well as pipeline flows to Mexico.
UNLOCKING PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES
At the center of activity in both the Marcellus and Utica is Pennsylvania, which accounts for about 20 percent of U.S. gas production, making it bigger than any state other than Texas.
Pennsylvania's output rocketed from 0.5 billion cubic feet per day (bcfd) in 2006 to 14.5 bcfd in 2016, according to the EIA and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection.
One billion cubic feet is enough to fuel about 5 million homes - or every house in Pennsylvania.
Still, the state has the potential to pump a lot more gas as more pipelines provide producers with avenues to new markets.
At least five pipelines capable of transporting over seven bcfd from the Marcellus and Utica are scheduled to open in 2017, with five more due for completion in 2018, capable of moving another five bcfd.
Pipeline capacity from Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia was around 23 bcfd in 2016, according to the EIA and Thomson Reuters data. If all pipes under construction are completed, that would rise to more than 35 bcfd.
The pipeline construction and gas production expansion mean billions of dollars in new investments in Pennsylvania and hiring that will extend well beyond the energy sector, said Ryan Unger, CEO of the Team Pennsylvania Foundation, a nonprofit foundation focused on public-private partnerships.
“We are in a position now where we can maximize the state's resources to create good, stable jobs in Pennsylvania,” Unger said.
Some of the biggest drillers in Pennsylvania stand to benefit most from increasing pipeline capacity. They include units of Chesapeake Energy Corp, Cabot Oil & Gas Corp , Range Resources Corp and EQT Corp.
Cabot sees an opportunity in the "underserved" markets of the northeast, said spokesman George Stark.
"We'd love to see a pipeline build-out to get Pennsylvania gas to New England,” he said.
Those four companies together expect to spend an estimated $4.8 billion on U.S. drilling and well completions in 2017, up about 61 percent from what they spent in 2016, according to a capital expenditure analysis by Cowen & Co.
SHIFT TO EXPORTS
The U.S. started to export LNG from the lower 48 states in 2016; five additional export terminals are expected to open by 2020 to export LNG to large markets in Asia, including China and Japan.
Those terminals could make the U.S. the world's third largest exporter of natural gas by 2018, according to an EIA projection.
Most of the pipeline infrastructure in the Marcellus and Utica was built before the shale revolution, when the region produced just 3 percent of the nation's gas.
Those lines were designed largely to bring gas into the region - not out of it - as customers in Pennsylvania and other nearby states used gas from Texas and the Gulf Coast.
The new lines aim instead to take gas from Pennsylvania to markets worldwide.
Almost a third of the wells drilled in Pennsylvania since 2004 were inactive because of a lack of pipelines to transport the gas, according to a report prepared last year by a task force created by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf.
"Drilling for gas in Pennsylvania has far outpaced the development of the infrastructure needed to get that gas to markets," the task force said in the report. "The primary challenge the industry faces now is to get the gas around or out of Pennsylvania."
(Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by David Gaffen, Simon Webb and Brian Thevenot)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Police in Ohio's capital city say two officers who fatally shot a black man last summer followed department policy on using force.
Columbus police on Wednesday announced the review board's findings about Officers Samuel James and Marc Johnson in the July 7 shooting of 30-year-old Kareem Ali Nadir Jones.
Police say they spotted Jones walking between cars and behaving erratically, then fired when his behavior escalated into a perceived threat. Police say body camera video shows Jones reaching for a gun in his waistband.
His sister has said she thinks Jones was trying to toss the gun.
The officers weren't charged but face a lawsuit alleging that the shooting was unjustified and that they conspired to provide misleading information about what happened.
The local police union has denied those allegations.
Comments
comments
Photo: AFP
Much of France will be hit by either thunder and lightning or sweltering sun on Tuesday with 18 departments in the centre and southwest of the country placed on alert for storms and heatwaves.
Some 12 departments have been placed on alert by national weather agency Météo France for storms while a further six have been placed on "yellow alert" for heatwaves.
The area affected by the somewhat extreme weather is south central France as well as departments on the Atlantic coast (see map below).
The departments placed on alert for storms by national weather agency Météo France are Aveyron, Cantal, Corrèze, Dordogne, Gironde, Haute-Loire, Landes, Loire, Lozère, Lot-et-Garonne, Lot and Puy-de-Dôme with the clouds expected to gather on Tuesday afternoon. The departments placed on "yellow alert" for a heatwave (canicule) are Ardèche, Drôme, Gard, l'Isère, Rhône and Vaucluse.
It looks like people in southern France's Rhone Valley will be sweating up a storm with temperatures expected to reach a scorching 35-37C.
Météo France "predicts sweltering temperatures in the Rhone Valley and the region around Grenoble and Lyon until Wednesday."
Map: Météo France
In general the southern half of the country looks set for a sweltering afternoon with the mercury rising to between 28-34C.
The warnings come soon after meteorologists at Météo France predicted that the month of June could be one of the top three hottest on record
READ ALSO:
Scientists from UCLA and the National Gallery of Art have used a combination of three advanced imaging techniques to produce a highly detailed analysis of a second century Egyptian painting.
They are the first to use the specific combination -- which they termed "macroscale multimodal chemical imaging" -- to examine an ancient work of art. The new technique enabled them to learn about the raw materials the artist used, and the order in which they were applied to the painting, and it uncovered insights about the painting's connections to other work from the same era.
The approach, which is described in a paper published in Scientific Reports, integrates three existing techniques -- hyperspectral diffuse reflectance, luminescence and X-ray fluorescence -- to examine the painting.
The concept is a high-tech version of what might happen if one were to analyze an everyday object with, say, the naked eye, an X-ray and then an infrared lens, with each technique providing different information from the others, and the combination of the three providing a fuller picture of the object.
By combining data from the three modalities, the researchers were able to map the signatures of molecules and elements across the surface of the painting for each pixel of the image. The findings revealed important details on the painting's composition and structure.
The work was led by Ioanna Kakoulli, professor of materials science and engineering at the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science, and John Delaney, a senior imaging scientist at the National Gallery.
"Our approach will revolutionize the way important and irreplaceable archaeological materials are analyzed and interpreted," said Kakoulli, co-director of UCLA's Molecular and Nano Archaeology Laboratory and a member of the UCLA/Getty Conservation Program.
"Without even taking a minute sample from the painting, we mapped out detailed information that tells us exactly what materials were used, and how they were prepared," she said. "We were also able to link their production technology to other ancient 'industries' and practices, such as mining, metallurgy, pottery, dyeing, pharmacopeia and alchemy."
The painting they examined is from the National Gallery's collection. Measuring 35 centimeters tall by 12 centimeters wide, it depicts an Egyptian noblewoman and is a Fayum portrait, a type of painting that was attached to mummies of that time and believed to depict the image of a real person.
The analysis revealed the molecular and elemental composition of the paint and the medium used to bind the paint: The scientists discovered that the painting was made using encaustic -- a technique that uses a mixture of pigment and melted beeswax that is "burned in" on a wooden base. The research also offers insights into fashions and artistic methods popular at the time.
"The decoration of her garment is an excellent example of craftsmanship in real life being reflected within the painting," said Roxanne Radpour, a UCLA graduate student and a co-author of the study. "Madder dye extracted from roots was often used to color textiles and leather in ancient Egypt, and we see from the chemical mapping of the portrait that the artist chose to paint the noblewoman's dress with madder lake pigment, thus imitating contemporary practices."
Delaney said the project's goal was to examine how useful the new imaging methods would be for studying archeological objects like Fayum paintings.
"We had originally developed the three imaging modalities to examine fine art paintings and works on paper," he said. "The results, when interpreted by experts of artist material from this time period, show a complete picture of how the object fabricated emerges. We hope such multimodal imaging methods become the basis for futures studies of such early polychrome objects."
Kakoulli said the new approach could potentially be used in other disciplines such as environmental, geological, biological and forensic sciences.
###
The study's other author was Kathryn Dooley, a research scientist at the National Gallery.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - US President Donald Trump's threats against Iran and his repeated criticism of the nuclear deal could easily lead to a military confrontation, National Iranian American Council President Trita Parsi said in a press release.
Trump during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday warned that Iran will have "bigger problems" than ever before if it attempts to restart its nuclear program.
"Trump is threatening war if Iran restarts nuclear activities on one hand while he unravels the very agreement that prevents a nuclear-armed Iran on the other," Parsi said on Tuesday. "This is more than a war of words, Donald Trump is setting us up for a very real military conflict."
© Sputnik / Sergey Mamontov Tehran, Watch Out: German Analyst Warns of Potential US Attack on Iran
During the same press conference, Macron — who is in Washington on an official state visit — said that Trump should not tear up the Iran nuclear agreement, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), but instead should add to it.
"Macron and Europe seem willing to bend over backwards to save the nuclear deal and prevent catastrophe," Parsi said. "When our closest allies express alarm in unison, we should listen. Trump should quit while he is ahead and reaffirm the US commitment to the JCPOA before it is too late."
The US president previously described the Iran nuclear deal, which was negotiated by former US President Barack Obama's administration, as perhaps the worst deal in US history and threatened to withdraw the United States from the agreement if it was not amended.
On July 14, 2015, China, Germany, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States — collectively referred to as the P5+1 group of nations — signed the JCPOA with Iran. The accord stipulated a gradual lifting of anti-Iranian sanctions in exchange for Tehran maintaining the peaceful nature of its nuclear program.
TORONTO (AP) — A loss would have knocked the Toronto Maple Leafs out of playoff position. Instead, they trounced the New York Islanders and set a season high for goals.
Auston Matthews scored twice, Frederik Andersen earned his 100th NHL win and the Maple Leafs routed the Islanders 7-1 on Tuesday night in a game with major postseason implications.
Toronto won for the third time in nine games and moved three points ahead of New York for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. The Maple Leafs trail Boston and Ottawa by one point for the final two automatic playoff spots in the Atlantic Division.
“I think we came out and just played the right way — played fast, just like our slogan says,” said Matthews, referring to the “Play Fast. Play Right” mantra plastered across the team's dressing room walls. “When we do the right things we're definitely a tough team to play against.”
Surging up the standings since interim coach Doug Weight replaced Jack Capuano behind the bench, New York fell to 10-4-2 in its past 16 games.
“We had some really good opportunities to make it a hockey game,” Weight said. “Credit to them. Andersen was really big in the net when he had to be in the first 30 (minutes). We just had some lapses. It's humbling.”
Matthews increased his rookie total to 27 goals and Andersen stopped 33 shots. Seldom-used Josh Leivo had a career-high three points with one goal and two assists in just under 10 minutes of ice time for Toronto.
Nazem Kadri and William Nylander each had a goal and an assist. Tyler Bozak and Matt Hunwick also scored for the Maple Leafs.
Jason Chimera scored on a penalty shot for New York. Thomas Greiss and Jean-Francois Berube combined to give up seven goals on 41 shots.
“It wasn't our sharpest game. There's no question we didn't play great, but we had some opportunities early,” Islanders captain John Tavares said. “You obviously lick your wounds a little bit tonight, review how we can be better tomorrow, try to make some adjustments. We want to be a little sharper, be a little better, probably be a little bit grittier than we were tonight for our next game.”
After slow starts in their previous two games (both losses), the Maple Leafs decided to change up their routine and did not hold a morning skate Tuesday.
The switch spurred the desired result, as Toronto raced out to a 2-0 lead after 20 minutes.
Brock Nelson and Josh Bailey each hit the post early for New York, which won the first two meetings between the teams this season (including 6-5 in overtime against Andersen a week earlier).
Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock credited Andersen for stabilizing things early amid some “heavy” offensive zone pressure from the Islanders.
“I thought Freddy made some real good saves tonight and the better your goalie plays, the more you settle down and the more you get dialed in,” Babcock said.
A scuffling Andersen entered with an .893 save percentage in 16 starts since Jan. 1. He had been sitting on 99 wins for almost two weeks, his last victory coming on Feb. 4.
“I mean, it's nice, but it's more important the 26 we have as a team this year,” he said.
Matthews pushed Toronto's lead back to three early in the third period, flipping a backhand rebound past Greiss on the power play. The rookie sensation added another goal a short while later, depositing Connor Brown's feed from behind the net.
Matthews has four multigoal games this season.
“He's an elite player and very determined with an elite, heavy shot,” Babcock said. “He goes to the traffic areas and that's where you score.”
NOTES: The 19-year-old Matthews leads all rookies in goals and is three behind Sidney Crosby for the overall NHL lead. He became the first Maple Leafs rookie since Daniel Marois in 1988-89 to reach 27 goals and is seven shy of equaling Wendel Clark's franchise rookie record. … Kadri's goal was his first in 10 games and 21st of the season, setting a career high. … The 23-year-old Leivo suited up for his fifth game this season and scored his first goal. He got a rare opportunity to play with rookie wing Nikita Soshnikov sidelined by injury. Babcock said Leivo earned another look on Wednesday night at Columbus — even with Soshnikov ready to return. … Nylander, a 20-year-old Swede, has 15 goals, tied with Mitch Marner for second among Maple Leafs rookies behind Matthews.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host the rival New York Rangers on Thursday night.
Maple Leafs: Head to Columbus on Wednesday to complete their 13th back-to-back set of the season. The club is 9-2-2 on the first night and 4-7-1 on the second.
EXCLUSIVE: Here, in full, is the draft federal constitution crafted by President Rodrigo Duterte's Consultative Committee
Published 2:47 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Rappler obtained a complete copy of the Consultative Committee's draft federal constitution dated June 30, 2018.
According to informed sources, this draft is identical in substance to the draft the committee approved for submission to President Rodrigo Duterte. The only changes are deletions in redundant wording. This was confirmed by a comparison of parts of the July 3 draft and June 30 draft by Rappler.
We've also compiled highlights of each of the draft's articles to help readers.
Consultative Committee Spokesman Ding Generoso affirmed that the final draft will only be officially released after its submission to Duterte. He said, in a message to Rappler, that he "did not make any statement denying its (draft published online) authenticity."
He said Rappler's June 30 draft is a "working file" that does not include corrections made by members on July 3.
Below is the draft in full (NOTE: We have reproduced the draft we obtained in another format.):
– Rappler.com
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
VAUGHAN, Ont. — Recipe Unlimited Corporation will eliminate plastic straws from its 19 restaurant brands including Swiss Chalet, Harvey's, Kelsey's and East Side Mario's.
The restaurant giant formerly known as Cara Operations will start phasing out its plastic straws in August.
Recipe Unlimited says it will dump plastic straws because of their impact on the environment and wildlife and the company's commitment to recyclable materials.
It hopes to offer paper straws in all of its restaurants by the end of March 2019.
PILATES for
EVERY BODY
since 2002
specializing in women's health & fitness
FALL CLASSES BEGIN 9/5
spaces are limited
CONTACT US to SIGN UP
Private Training
Post Injury Rehab
Ongoing Classes
Pilates Mat
TRX Strength Training
Release & Stretch
GIFT CERTIFICATES AVAILABLE!
Restore and improve your fitness in a caring & comfortable environment
177 Post Road West
Nash's Plaza, Westport
203-226-1924
A crash on Interstate 80 has claimed the life of one person. The crash occurred just before 4:30 p.m. in the westbound lanes of I-80 near Beaver Crossing at mile marker 369.
A semi hauling cars was traveling eastbound and struck the back of a 2018 Mercedes SUV, then crossed the median and hit another semi head-on. The driver of the eastbound semi was pronounced deceased at the scene. The driver of the westbound semi was transported to York General Hospital with what are believed to be non-life-threatening injuries. The driver of the SUV was not injured.
Westbound I-80 was closed for approximately three hours, but is now open. Names of the parties involved are being withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Video courtesy of Matthew Nix. Some strong language can be heard.
HELSINKI (Sputnik) – The Finnish authorities decided not to prolong the social experiment with the universal basic income, in which people receive unconditional monthly payment from the government, the Social Insurance Institution of Finland (Kela) said on Tuesday.
In 2017, the Finnish authorities decided to launch an experiment paying to 2,000 unemployed people, picked at random, the unconditional basic income amounting to 560 euros (over $680).
"When the experiment on the basic income comes to an end this year, we must try to carry out a new universal experiment on supporting people," Finnish Finance Minister Petteri Orpo said, as quoted by the Helsingin Sanomat newspaper.
The decision to stop the experiment was criticized by the Kela.
"If you really want to know how the project will work, you must reserve enough [financial] resources … I regret that the experiment will not be continued, that was an interesting and useful experience," Kela's representative Olla Kangas said, as quoted by the Yle broadcaster.
In 2016, Swiss citizens rejected the idea to introduce the unconditional basic income in a national referendum.
DANIELE DE ROSSI felt Roma had a “blackout” against Liverpool at Anfield and were punished by their opponents' persistent long balls forward.
Eusebio Di Francesco's side lost 5-2 in the first leg of their semi-final tie, meaning they must replicate their 3-0 win over Barcelona in the quarter-final second leg if they are to progress to the final.
Liverpool were 5-0 up with 68 minutes played, with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scoring twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet, as the visitors failed to deal with the Reds' quick-fire passes to the front three.
However, late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti gave the visitors some hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital, and De Rossi is refusing to give up.
“We have to hold on to what we did in the quarter-finals,” he told Mediaset Premium. “That tells us it's not impossible and that we have a duty to try, for ourselves and, above all, the people who love Roma.
“The only difference is that, against Barcelona, I felt it was an unlucky game, with dubious incidents. We had a good first 20-25 minutes here, then we were less good at covering the space, but it's difficult to do that when they're much faster than you.
It's not right to put conceding so many goals on the defence. We all played very aggressively, even though we had the feeling of being able to affect little in midfield because they often bypassed it. They constantly went for the long ball, from any area of the pitch.
“Today was a case of our blackout and their great quality. It won't be easy, but we have to start from here. It's not impossible and we know that.”
De Rossi also praised the performance of Salah, his former team-mate having produced arguably his best performance of a spectacular season, with two goals and two assists.
“We know Salah well, we know he is a great player as well as a great person,” he said. “He's improved his quality in the final third and he's becoming decisive, as we thought he would.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores1 <
Sunday's College Basketball Scores
By The Associated Press
EAST
Elizabethtown 66, Washington (Md.) 54<
Maine 104, Maine-Machias 51<
Mount St. Mary (NY) 81, Old Westbury 63<
Navy 73, Columbia 68<
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60<
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT<
Villanova 77, La Salle 68<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 4-2-0 6-0-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 3-0-0 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 5-2-0 2-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 1-2-0 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 1-3-0 1-2-0 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 4-3-0 1-5-0 5-5-0 0-3-0 2-3-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 5-2-0 4-2-0 8-2-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 5-1-0 3-4-0 7-4-0 1-1-0 4-1-0 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 3-4-0 1-5-0 3-6-0 1-3-0 1-3-0 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 2-4-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 1-3-0 1-4-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 4-1-0 6-1-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 4-0-0 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 4-2-0 3-3-0 5-3-0 2-2-0 2-1-0 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 3-4-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 0-2-0 2-3-0 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 0-7-0 0-6-0 0-10-0 0-3-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 4-2-0 3-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 3-1-0 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 4-3-0 3-3-0 4-5-0 3-1-0 2-2-0 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 4-3-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 1-1-0 2-3-0 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 4-3-0 0-6-0 3-7-0 1-2-0 2-3-0 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 6-0-0 5-2-0 9-1-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 3-4-0 4-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 4-1-0 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 3-3-0 2-5-0 4-6-0 1-2-0 1-4-0 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 1-5-0 1-6-0 0-9-0 2-2-0 0-4-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 5-1-0 4-3-0 7-3-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 4-2-0 5-2-0 5-4-0 4-0-0 2-2-0 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 4-3-0 4-2-0 7-2-0 1-3-0 2-1-0 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 3-3-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 2-2-0 0-3-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 5-1-0 5-2-0 8-2-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 2-4-0 5-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 4-3-0 3-3-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 2-2-0 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 2-5-0 2-4-0 1-9-0 3-0-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 4-3-0 5-1-0 6-4-0 3-0-0 3-1-0 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 4-2-0 4-3-0 6-3-0 2-2-0 4-0-0 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 4-3-0 2-4-0 3-6-0 3-1-0 2-3-0 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314 1-5-0 2-5-0 2-9-0 1-1-0 0-5-0
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BEIJING (AP) - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang says, 'We don't want to see a trade war' with U.S., hope to negotiate disputes.
London, UK, – Trade Facilities Services announces to provide Electrical Safety Certificate for the Landlords of London and Essex. They are also offering Landlord Periodic Inspection Report to assure the property and all electrical appliances are safe for tenants.
Electrical Installation Condition Report is very important for landlords especially if they have to rent a room in their property. Usually, local authorities and estate agents accept electrical safety certificate signed by authorized and registered electricians. Trade Facilities Services which provides electrical certificate by engineers are registered with a governing body. They are NAPIT and NICEIC registered company which provide various electrical certificates which include Landlord EICR Inspections, Fire Alarm Certificates, Emergency Light Reports and Portable Appliance Testing.
It's landlord's responsibility to ensure that all electrical appliances fitted within the property are safe and secure. They should make sure to have a verified EICR report of their property. Trade Facilities Services provide Periodic Inspection Report (PIR) for landlord throughout London and Essex. They ensure that their engineers check all the appliances, and then they provide an electrical certificate. So, now you don't have to worry about after-effects of correct paperwork.
Trade Facilities services can electrically test both domestic and commercial properties. They offer a full range of electrical compliance services to ensure that your property is within the true scope of work. For more information regarding landlord electrical certificate, visit the website or contact at 02036371446 to know more.
About the company:
Trade Facilities Services is an electrical testing company that provides (EICR) Electrical installation condition reports. These are otherwise known as Electrical Certificates, Electrical Installation Certificates and Electrical Reports. Trade Facilities Services covers London and Essex and provides all electrical testing in these areas. These include Fire alarms emergency lighting and PAT Testing. All Electricians are registered with NAPIT or the NICEIC and are fully insured and qualified. Trade Facilities Services works on both Domestic and Commercial properties and covers all landlord electrical certification requirements. All EICR reports can be delivered on the day if required and appointments generally only require 24 hours' notice.
According to the WHO, around 203 million cases of malaria was reported worldwide in 2012. The same year malaria resulted in approximately 627,000 deaths around the world. In order to curb the spread of malaria governments, especially in underdeveloped and developing countries, are leaving no stone unturned. Advanced diagnosis for malaria detection is thus encouraged. Incentives are offered as well to make them available at a pocket-friendly or nominal price in people living across remote regions.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1972
Early and precise diagnosis can help in the treatment of malaria and ensure rapid discovery. The malaria diagnostics market has therefore witnessed rise in investments in various diagnostic techniques. These involve the detection of malaria with the help of microscopy and blood tests. Malaria diagnosis is conducted using various techniques such as molecular diagnostics, rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs), and by detecting the presence of parasites using microscopy.
The report provides a comprehensive overview of the global malaria diagnostics market covering growth drivers and restraints influencing its trajectory between 2013 and 2019. It segments the market based on various parameters and studies the factors influencing its growth across these segments. The report also studies the effect of Porter's five forces on the overall market operations.
The advent of advanced technologies has revolutionized malaria diagnosis and are high in demand. These tests have proven successful in detecting antigens of malaria parasites. As government funding for the healthcare industry rise, coupled with the increasing investment in research and development of novel therapeutics, the demand in the malaria diagnostics market is projected to rise in response.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1972
Some of the most common techniques used in the detection of malaria are QBC technique, peripheral blood smears, and serological tests. Besides this, drugs most commonly administered for the treatment of malaria are artemether-lumefantrine (Coartem), atovaquone-proguanil (Malarone), clindamycin used in combination with quinine, chloroquine, quinine, mefloquine (Lariam), and quinidine. Factors influencing the demand of these drug classes are analyzed as well. The report also studies the impact of the looming patent expiry of blockbuster drugs on the global malaria diagnostics market. On the flip side, technological complications present in a few of the commonly used diagnostic methods could restrain the market's expansion to an extent.
Regionally, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World constitute the key segments in the global malaria diagnostics market. Among these, the market is expected to witness exponentially high demand in Europe and Asia Pacific as these regions exhibit a high prevalence of malaria. Besides this, steps taken by government to spread awareness regarding the diseases, its treatment, and prevention are expected to give the malaria diagnostics market significant impetus. This scenario will be most prevalent across emerging nations in Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. For instance, the Indian government has been significantly investing in creating awareness about the prevention and cure of malaria. The country is also exhibiting rising healthcare expenditure. These factors are expected to create lucrative opportunities fo9r the malaria diagnostics market in Asia Pacific.
Some of the leading companies operating in the global malaria diagnostics market are bioMerieux, Beckman Coulter/Danaher, Abbott Laboratories, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Novartis Diagnostics, Life Technology, Siemens Healthcare, Bio-Rad, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, and Wako Chemicals, Inc.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=1972
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
NEW YORK (AP) — DePaul coach Doug Bruno keeps losing players to injury and still is finding ways to win.
The Blue Demons re-entered the AP women's basketball poll Monday at No. 23 after winning their fourth straight game this weekend. UConn remained the unanimous top choice from the 33-member national media panel. The Huskies, who have won 88 straight games and next play on Wednesday against East Carolina, were followed by Baylor, Maryland, Mississippi State and South Carolina.
DePaul guard Jessica January is the latest one of Bruno's players to get hurt. She broke her right index finger against Georgetown last Wednesday. She's the third DePaul starter to go down as Ashton Millender has been dealing with a leg injury that has kept her out since December 15 and junior forward Mart'e Grays is missing the season with an Achilles injury.
“We're re-tooling on the fly,” said Bruno on Monday afternoon before his team faced Providence. “Other kids are stepping up. Kelly Campbell, a freshman, has been impactful. Seniors Jacqui Grant and Brooke Schulte have been shouldering a lot of the load.”
Advertisement
January is a big loss for the Blue Demons as she leads the team in points, assists and steals. She'll have surgery on Tuesday and is out indefinitely.
“We have eight league games in 18 days, and we've already played two of them,” Bruno said. “There are another six of them over this two-week period right now. We'll have the first half of the league done by Jan. 15.”
DePaul (10-4) spent the first six weeks in the polls before falling out. Three of the team's four losses have come to UConn, Baylor and Notre Dame.
The Irish fell five spots this week to No. 7 after losing at N.C. State on Thursday night.
Florida State was sixth with Louisville, UCLA and Stanford following Notre Dame.
Kansas State also re-entered the poll at No. 25 while Colorado and Syracuse fell out. Kentucky fell seven spots to No. 24 after losing to Duke and Tennessee. The Wildcats did keep alive their 132-week streak of being ranked. That's the fifth longest active streak and eighth longest all-time.
___
Find the poll online at: http://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-9
Dutch Economic Indicators Flash Green
The latest flurry of economic indicators is giving Dutch households and businesses reasons to be optimistic about The Dutch economy.
According to the CBS Business Cycle Tracer, the economic situation is improving further in February. Statistics Netherlands (CBS) reports that all indicators published mid-February are performing above the level of their long-term average.
Statistics Netherlands' Business Cycle Tracer is a tool used to monitor the economic situation and economic developments. It uses thirteen key macro-economic indicators, which – together – provide a coherent picture of the state of the Dutch economy as published by CBS during the last month or quarter.
The consumer confidence indicator improved in January to the highest level in more than 9 years. The marginal increase in January is due to the positive mood among consumers about the economic climate.
Producer confidence among Dutch manufacturers reached its highest level in almost 9 years. Manufacturers are much more positive about their order books. Producer and consumer confidence are both above the level of their long-term average.
Household consumption and exports growing, investments declining
Consumer spending in Q4 2016 was well above the level of Q4 2015. It was the strongest growth in 9 years. Dutch consumers spent more on clothing, cars and electrical equipment.
Due to the relatively low temperatures in November and December, natural gas consumption was also significantly higher. Consumers also spent more in hotels and restaurants and on recreational and cultural services.
Exports of goods and services grew somewhat faster in Q4 2016 than in Q3. Exports of chemical products, natural gas and – to a lesser extent- machinery and food products were above the level of one year previously. Re-exports (exports of imported products) grew more rapidly than exports of products manufactured in the Netherlands.
In Q4 2016 investments declined for the first time in approximately 3 years, in particular in aircraft and private cars, but investments in residential property grew considerably, albeit less than in Q3.
The average daily output generated by Dutch manufacturing industry was 4.7 percent up in December 2016 from December 2015. The growth rate was higher than in November. Over the past fifteen months, Dutch manufacturing output has continually been above the level of the same month one year previously. The output is currently at the highest level ever.
Slightly fewer bankruptcies in January
The number of companies declared bankrupt dropped slightly in January 2017, by 7 relative to December 2016.
The number of jobs held by employees and self-employed rose by 53 thousand in Q4 2016, i.e. the most substantial increase in 5 years. The number of new job vacancies grew by 8 thousand, while unemployment was reduced by 29 thousand.
In the last quarter of 2016, there were on average 10.1 million jobs. The number of jobs has grown for eleven quarters in a row. Since Q1 2014, a total of 306 thousand new jobs have been created: 278 thousand employee jobs and 28 thousand jobs for self-employed.
Relative to Q4 2015, the total number of jobs in the Netherlands has increased by 138 thousand.
In Q4 2016 unemployment fell by 29 thousand compared to Q3. The rate of unemployment decreased from 5.8 to 5.5. The decrease in unemployment is noticeable across all age groups.
Turnover generated by temp agencies, job recruitment consultants and staff managers grew by 1.0 percent in Q3 2016 relative to the preceding quarter. Growth is less substantial than in Q2. The number of hours worked in temp jobs also increased further in Q3. Growth is based on an increase in short-term as well as long-term employment contracts.
The gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.5 percent in Q4 2016 relative to Q3 2016 as the first estimate of GDP conducted by CBS shows. GDP is a measure of the size of a country's economy. Exports and household consumption were the main contributors to economic growth. The GDP growth rate was 2.3 percent in Q4 2016 compared to Q3 2015.
On Friday 24 March 2017, CBS will publish the second estimate on economic growth and employment in Q4 2016 and economic growth and employment developments for the entire year 2016.
Jerry Jones showed off perfect comedic timing in the Dallas Cowboys' pre-draft new conference on Tuesday at The Star.
A new documentary on the team being released on Amazon Prime this Friday, “All or Nothing,” paints a different portrait than most might have of coach Jason Garrett.
Garrett is far from the bland and boring coach most believe he is, dropping profane language often in the series.
“I really haven't seen it,” Garrett said. “I saw bits and pieces of it along the way. So, I don't really know that much about it to comment.” Garrett is then told more about the show and his profane side that comes through.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Jerry Jones then pops in with the line of the day, possibly year, more than 25 minutes into the news conference.
“What in the (expletive) are y'all getting to?” Jones said, prompting the room to erupt in laughter.
After a few moments, Garrett said, “That's an ender.”
Stephen Jones then said, “Next question.”
The news conference went on for more than 10 minutes afterward, but that moment won't soon be forgotten.
By The Associated Press
BC-BBA–Leaders
TODAY'S MAJOR LEAGUE LEADERS By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE
BATTING_Judge, New York, .341; Dickerson, Tampa Bay, .335; Garcia, Chicago, .333; Bogaerts, Boston, .324; Castro, New York, .323; Hosmer, Kansas City, .315; Altuve, Houston, .312; Hicks, New York, .312; Cruz, Seattle, .306; Alonso, Oakland, .303; 1 tied at .300.
RUNS_Judge, New York, 57; Dickerson, Tampa Bay, 48; Springer, Houston, 48; Castro, New York, 46; Gardner, New York, 44; Lowrie, Oakland, 42; Bautista, Toronto, 41; Bogaerts, Boston, 41; Correa, Houston, 41; 3 tied at 40.
RBI_Cruz, Seattle, 52; Judge, New York, 49; Garcia, Chicago, 48; Sano, Minnesota, 46; Pujols, Los Angeles, 45; Holliday, New York, 44; Mazara, Texas, 44; Morrison, Tampa Bay, 43; Smoak, Toronto, 43; 4 tied at 41.
HITS_Dickerson, Tampa Bay, 87; Castro, New York, 81; Altuve, Houston, 78; Garcia, Chicago, 78; Hosmer, Kansas City, 78; Bogaerts, Boston, 77; Andrus, Texas, 74; Judge, New York, 74; Abreu, Chicago, 71; Simmons, Los Angeles, 71; 1 tied at 70.
DOUBLES_Betts, Boston, 22; Lowrie, Oakland, 22; Dickerson, Tampa Bay, 20; Schoop, Baltimore, 19; Moreland, Boston, 18; Travis, Toronto, 18; Bogaerts, Boston, 17; Healy, Oakland, 17; Lindor, Cleveland, 17; Longoria, Tampa Bay, 17; 2 tied at 16.
TRIPLES_Bogaerts, Boston, 4; Castellanos, Detroit, 3; Dickerson, Tampa Bay, 3; Garcia, Chicago, 3; Merrifield, Kansas City, 3; Miller, Tampa Bay, 3; Sanchez, Chicago, 3; 18 tied at 2.
HOME RUNS_Judge, New York, 22; Morrison, Tampa Bay, 19; Moustakas, Kansas City, 18; Smoak, Toronto, 18; Springer, Houston, 18; Davis, Oakland, 17; Gallo, Texas, 17; Alonso, Oakland, 16; Trout, Los Angeles, 16; 3 tied at 15.
STOLEN BASES_Maybin, Los Angeles, 19; Dyson, Seattle, 16; Andrus, Texas, 15; DeShields, Texas, 14; Cain, Kansas City, 12; Altuve, Houston, 11; Betts, Boston, 11; 5 tied at 10.
PITCHING_Keuchel, Houston, 9-0; Vargas, Kansas City, 9-3; Sale, Boston, 8-2; Santana, Minnesota, 8-3; Pineda, New York, 7-3; Sabathia, New York, 7-2; Stroman, Toronto, 7-2; 11 tied at 6-5.
ERA_Keuchel, Houston, 1.67; Vargas, Kansas City, 2.10; Santana, Minnesota, 2.20; McCullers, Houston, 2.58; Severino, New York, 2.75; Sale, Boston, 2.97; Darvish, Texas, 3.03; Bundy, Baltimore, 3.05; Stroman, Toronto, 3.09; Cashner, Texas, 3.17; 1 tied at 3.36.
STRIKEOUTS_Sale, Boston, 126; Archer, Tampa Bay, 114; Darvish, Texas, 93; Estrada, Toronto, 92; McCullers, Houston, 89; Severino, New York, 84; Porcello, Boston, 82; Bauer, Cleveland, 81; Salazar, Cleveland, 77; Pineda, New York, 75; 1 tied at 74.
Will Patterson
A&E EDITOR
The Omaha Entertainment and Arts Awards are returning for their 12th annual ceremony on Feb. 18. The awards will be taking place at the Omaha Design Center from 6 to 11 p.m. Tickets are currently available for purchase on the OEAAs website.
Mikala Harden, president of the OEAAs, said that she believes that they are helping spotlight the plentiful arts community in Omaha. Last year, over 500 people attended the awards ceremony.
“We have amazing artists in Omaha, and I think it's really important and exciting to be able to recognize them on an annual basis for all of their great accomplishments,” Harden said.
The four major categories of the OEAAs are music, performing arts, visual arts and technical. Within each of these categories are more specific awards.
The OEAAs are unique com-pared with most local award shows due to the public interaction. The process for nomination heavily relies on public voting, which is then tallied by an accounting firm to create a ballot.
This ballot is sent out to the OEAA academy members, local “specialists” that are actively in-volved in the Omaha arts scene. This academy is composed of fine arts journalists, fellow artists and other industry professionals.
University of Nebraska at Omaha student Zhomontee Watson is one of the nominees in this year's OEAAs. She received her nomination for her performance in the Omaha Community Playhouse production of “Sister Act” in September 2016.
Watson said that the nomination came as a surprise because of how long ago the performance was, which was just in the qualification time period for this year's OE A A s .
“I don't want to look into it too much. I just kind of want to go in for my first time and just play the field,” Watson says. “I know whoever is in the category is extremely talented. I've become very close with everybody.”
In a press release earlier this month, the OEAAs also announced their decision to make all their categories gender inclusive. This meant merging the actor and actress categories into a single actor category.
“The world is a moving toward a more progressive place,” Harden said.
Harden said that their decision to only have one award in each category is following in the footsteps of other major awards shows. She uses the example that their other categories, such as music performances, don't have gender specific categories.
“We really wanted to move forward on diversity and not pigeonhole people in categories,” Harden said.
Comments
comments
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico's new governor has been sworn in as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis.
Ricardo Rossello was sworn on Monday and proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis. Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence.
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $40 billion deficit. Rossello has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created to oversee Puerto Rico's finances. He said he supports negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $70 billion public debt.
A week into the country's premier horse show, the stars will come out to play Thursday night in Devon.
For the 40th time, the Sapphire Grand Prix will be contested at the Devon Horse Show, bringing some of the world's top riders to the Dixon Oval at 8 p.m. along with what is expected to be a sold-out crowd. The marquee competition of the 11-day event, Devon's Grand Prix is named in memory of Sapphire, the longtime riding partner of McLain Ward.
But Ward, the world's top-ranked American, is just one of many in a crowded field that is expected to include four of the country's five best riders. Beezie Madden, Devin Ryan and Margie Engle are expected to compete alongside internationals such as Israel's Daniel Bluman and Ireland's Kevin Babington, a native of Gwynedd Valley.
“Tomorrow's Grand Prix will be one of the best Devon classes there has been in a long time,” Bluman said via text Wednesday. “This year, the top American based riders made it a priority to come, and it's important to support the events that put up good sport and atmosphere.”
The stakes will be raised again as the total prize money has increased to $250,000 — a $25,000 increase from last year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you are wondering how the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are getting on after their baby's birth, a lip-reader has given an insight.
The expert analysed the lip movements of Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, as they introduced their third child, a boy, to the world yesterday.
As the pair emerged from hospital at 6pm, just seven hours after the birth, they had an exchange on the steps.
This is what they said:
William: Are you OK with him?
Kate: Yeah.
William: Look, there he is. Over there. [They wave to the left]
Kate: Let's just wave over there. [They wave to the right]
Kate: Look, he is there. [They wave] It is a bit windy, eh? He might get cold. Let's go now.
William: Sure
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The baby boy – weighing 8lb 7oz – is fifth in line to the throne, knocking Prince Harry down to sixth, Birmingham Live reports.
Born on St George's Day, the tot is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild.
Kate beamed as she cradled the baby in her arms and walked down the steps of the private Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, in Paddington, West London, as a huge cheer went up from the crowds.
As the royal couple prepared to drive away from hospital with their newborn son, William joked about having his hands full
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Duke held up three fingers to well-wishers, said “thrice worry now” and smiled warmly.
The baby's name was not revealed yesterday but William said “you'll find out soon” when asked what they planned to call him.
He added the family are “delighted” about the new arrival and the newborn's brother George, four, and sister Charlotte, two, are “very happy”.
Wills also joked about the departure from hospital, saying: “We didn't keep you waiting too long this time.”
A look at what's happening around baseball Thursday:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said. The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
OTTAWA — The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter.
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks — at 1.25 per cent.
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment, but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market "continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates."
"Going forward, solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018," it said.
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track, but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies.
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target, but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data.
"In particular, the bank will continue to assess the economy's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity," it said.
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday, but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year.
The central bank's statement had "a hawkish tone, suggesting the next rate hike is not far off," said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto.
"All told, the positives seem to outweigh the negatives," DePratto wrote in a note to clients.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — It was a familiar feeling for Terrell Suggs and the Baltimore Ravens.
The Pittsburgh Steelers, in dramatic fashion, clinched the AFC North title for the second consecutive season at home against their rivals. This time, Chris Boswell kicked a 46-yard field goal with 1:43 to play for a 39-38 comeback win against the Ravens on Sunday night.
The result was similar to a prime-time game played last Christmas when Antonio Brown's game-winning touchdown with nine seconds left carried the Steelers to victory.
“This one hurts,” Suggs said. “We lose to them the same way we did last year. … We've got to get over it.”
Advertisement
Baltimore has won four of the last six games in Pittsburgh, but the lone losses have come in the last two years. The Steelers, who have won eight straight since a 3-2 start, clinched their third AFC North championship in four years.
Meanwhile, the Ravens (7-6), still in the thick of the AFC playoff race, entered playing their best football of the season. They were riding a three-game winning streak and had won four of five. They scored a season-high 44 points a week earlier and put up 38 more on Sunday, but it wasn't enough against Ben Roethlisberger, Brown and the Steelers.
“We like for it to be on us instead of the offense, and defensively we feel like we let the offense down,” Ravens cornerback Marlon Humphrey said.
Baltimore led 38-36 when Pittsburgh started its final possession on its own 17-yard line with 2:25 to play. Suggs and safety Tony Jefferson combined for a sack on first down, but Pittsburgh later converted a third-and-13 when Roethlisberger found tight end Jesse James for 16 yards.
Roethlisberger later connected with Brown for 34 yards, eventually setting up Boswell's winning kick for the emotional Steelers, playing in honor of injured teammate Ryan Shazier, who sustained a serious spinal cord injury last week at Cincinnati.
Brown finished with 11 receptions for 213 yards, while Roethlisberger was 44 of 66 for 506 yards with touchdown passes to Le'Veon Bell and Roosevelt Nix.
“(Roethlisberger) won the Super Bowl two times and played in three, so he's definitely a premier quarterback,” Suggs said. “We've got to be better.”
Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco went 20 of 35 for 269 yards with touchdown tosses to Chris Moore and Patrick Ricard, along with an interception. Alex Collins rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown, and Javorius Allen also scored twice for the Ravens, who are vying for their seventh playoff berth in 10 seasons.
“We just have to swallow this one, let it go and wait for the next three games,” linebacker C.J. Mosley said. “We're still in it. We just have to make sure that we handle our business so we can try to get back ultimately for the playoffs.”
The Steelers accumulated 144 yards of total offense and scored a pair of touchdowns on their first two series, racing to an early 14-0 lead. But the Ravens recovered, outscoring Pittsburgh 31-6 — including 17-0 in the third quarter to build a 31-20 lead heading into the fourth.
The Steelers didn't punt once in the first half, but their first three drives of the second half totaled 21 yards and all ended with punts.
“We know that you can never take your foot off the gas when you're playing this team,” Baltimore safety Eric Weddle said. “We played outstanding in the third quarter, and then they just get on these runs that we can't dig ourselves out of. You can't do that against any team, let alone one of the best quarterbacks to ever do it.”
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to points on their last four possessions.
“We just didn't execute in the fourth quarter,” Suggs said. “This team is built to finish in the fourth quarter. We can't let it put a damper on our season.”
ISLAMABAD: State Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb on Friday said that the government was making strenuous efforts for revival of sports, films, music and heritage by building sports infrastructure and academies.
Speaking as a chief guest at a conference of International Sports Press Association, she said that peace was revived in the country through collective efforts of the nation that had produced congenial atmosphere for the revival of international sports activities in Pakistan.
She reiterated that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was carrying forward the baton to ensure uninterrupted revival and promotion of films, music, heritage and sports with a theme “I feel proud to be a citizen of Pakistan”.
The minister said that Pakistan overcame terrorism with the efforts of the federal and provincial government by implementing the Internal Security Policy and the National Action Plan in line with the vision of the former prime minister.
She said that though peace had returned to Pakistan; still a lot of work is needed to be done. Marriyum pointed out that the provincial government were also investing heavily in the sports infrastructure and developing new playgrounds.
She said that the arrival of sportsmen and guests from other countries was very encouraging for every Pakistani and it indicated the fact that the world acknowledged Pakistan as a peaceful country. She thanked all the foreign sportsmen who had visited Pakistan during the last four years and helped in the revival of sports activities in the country.
The minister also underscored the need for engaging communities in the task of promotion of sports and fighting intolerance.
Marriyum praising the role of media in cultivating interests of people in sports and said that the holding of sports journalists' conference in Islamabad was yet another great day for every Pakistani as 70 sports journalists and delegates from 30 countries took part in it. She conferred lifetime achievement awards on renowned commentators Chishti Mujahid, Muhammad Idrees, Tariq Raheem for their services.
DETROIT (WWJ/AP) – A Michigan native has been identified as one of several people were shot and seriously injured when a gunman opened fire at a baseball practice involving Republican politicians in Alexandria, Virginia.
The family of Mike Mika, a former Congressional aide, said he was in critical condition undergoing surgery at George Washington University hospital, Wednesday afternoon, after he was shot multiple times.
“Baseball is one of his great passions and he has always loved the Congressional team,” his family said in a statement.
Mika is director of government relations for Tyson Foods. He's an Oakland County native and graduate of Adrian College. Mika previously worked for U.S. Rep. Tim Walberg and former U.S. Rep. David Camp, both Michigan Republicans.
[Congressman Details Hectic Moment Under Fire: ‘We Were Sitting Ducks']
Speaking to the Washington Post, Rep. Kevin Brady of Texas said Mika was helping the Republican team prepare for a game against the Democrats, calling him “a great guy.”
“Matt Mika, one of the guys who help us, is here at the hospital,” Brady told the Post. “He's been a big part of the team for a number of years and just a great athlete, helps us frankly at second base and at shortstop.”
Five people were shot, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and two Capitol Hill police officers — one, a female who was airlifted from the scene.
James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Ill, who was identified by law enforcement as the gunman, was shot by police and later died at the hospital.
[Who Is James T. Hodgkinson? Here's What We Know]
© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause
0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
The State of Kansas is having its worst year for traffic deaths in the last half-decade.
“We are at 432,” said Jennifer Haugh with AAA Kansas. “That is certainly a high, at least since since 2013, if not longer. The four-year average is 380, so we are well above that as well.”
There are multiple factors that have contributed to the increase in fatalities across the state.
“We have a lot more people on the road, driving more miles,” said Haugh. “Gas prices are lower than they have been, at least three or four years ago. Between added exposure, and you throw in things like distracted driving, drunk driving, any of those other things, unbuckled, things like that, that will contribute to those fatalities.”
With over 1900 fatalities in Kansas since 2013, it is really about getting back to basics to make yourself safer on the road.
“If you feel like you need a refresher on that, we do have driver improvement courses, too,” said Haugh. “It truly is just getting back to, when you're behind the wheel, doing that one single task, which is driving and making sure that, you know, you're watching for other things going on, not just your driving, sort of that defensive approach, making sure that you're prepared for things that might be happening in front of you and just being maybe even more cautious than you feel like you already are when doing certain things that are at higher risk.”
One of those things is driving too fast, because mistakes are magnified with speed and it is important to give yourself extra time to get to your destination, so that you don't have to drive above the speed limits to get there on time.
In addition, thus far this fall and winter, weather has generally been clear, so there haven't been many accidents because of that like there might be in a typical year.
“I always wanted to do some kind of kimono thing,” says Yoshiki Hayashi, cofounder, drummer and pianist of Japanese heavy metal band X Japan.
Born to parents who ran a Japanese kimono shop, Hayashi, who goes by his first name, was expected to one day take over the family business, but decided to pursue music after falling in love with Kiss and David Bowie at an early age. He cofounded X Japan with lead singer Toshimitsu Deyama, aka Toshi, in 1982, and though the band has seen its struggles — it disbanded in 1997 when Toshi got brainwashed by a cult and later saw two members take their own lives — it reunited 10 years ago and this month, made its debut at Coachella.
X Japan has a wildly loyal fan base in Japan but, like many artists, found it difficult to break through on an international scale. “It was always our dream to go overseas, outside of Japan, outside of Asia, but 20 years ago, it was almost impossible,” Yoshiki explains. He credits the Internet and social media with helping them gain popularity outside of Asia in recent years.
Scheduled at the same time as Beyoncé on Saturday night, X Japan's Coachella set this weekend included a guest appearance from Marilyn Manson, who tweeted that he had previously been banned from the festival. The weekend prior, the group paid homage to their two deceased members, guitarist Hide and bassist Taiji, via holograms.
“Even though physically we have five of us, we are always playing with two of them as well, so basically seven of us are performing,” Yoshiki says. “Since it's Coachella festival, I wanted to bring [Hide and Taiji] not only [spiritually], but visually, too.” The performance was also a comeback of sorts for the drummer, who underwent neck surgery in 2017.
A few years ago, Yoshiki returned to his family's roots — albeit with an unconventional twist. “I met a very famous kimono creator [Keigo Kano], so we decided to create the kimono together,” he says. “I said, ‘We're gonna create traditional kimonos, but I want to try something unusual.'”
The result? A line of “rock ‘n' roll” kimonos that debuted too much buzz at Tokyo Fashion Week in 2015.
In addition to the kimono line, Yoshiki is producing jewelry and wine, and is working on X Japan's first album in 22 years. He is also composing a symphony.
“I started playing classical piano when I was four years old,” he says. “Beethoven's my biggest influence.”
From Beethoven to Kiss to kimonos. What will the 52-year-old possibly do next?
More from WWD.com:
Coachella 2018: Five Minutes With Jorja Smith
Kelela on Festivals, Fashion and the Business of Being Progressive
Canon U.S.A. Inc. has today announced three new models in company's popular EOS series. The latest addition to its EOS M series includes- Canon EOS M6 Interchangeable Lens Digital Camera, EOS Rebel T7i DSLR camera, which adds to the popular Rebel series of entry-level DSLR cameras, and the EOS 77D DLSR camera, which represents a new category of cameras for advanced amateur photographers.
Canon also introduced the new EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens and Wireless Remote Control BR-E1, as well as added functionality for the Canon Connect Station CS100. Besides, the imaging leader has also announced a high performance External Electronic View Finder - the EVF-DC2, with approximately 2.36 million dots.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE -- Monday is the last day to register to vote in the primary elections in May, but if you can't get to a place to register, there's a simple way you can let your voice be heard right from your phone.
There were no long lines at the Luzerne County Board of Elections in Wilkes-Barre.
It was also slow in Monroe and Lackawanna Counties, especially compared to the last year's registration for the presidential election.
"People are using the voter registration tool. You are able to do it from home," said Marisa Crispell, director of elections.
With a click of a button, you can also change party and update your registration information.
Samuel Troy was switching from the Democratic party to independent in hopes that would give him a better chance at an open school board position. Troy tells Newswatch 16 the lack of excitement for local elections is disappointing.
"National elections, we seem to do very well. As you know, it was a record turnout but for local elections. It's terrible and it influences a lot of these elections," said Troy.
You can order pizza and pay bills on your phone and now by texting PA to 286383, you will receive a direct link for voter registration.
"Being 20, we do everything on our phones, so it makes things a lot easier," said George Thompson.
"I think it's more accessible for the public if they can do that now, then maybe they can vote from their own phones," said Brittany Mapp.
You can register online by phone or computer until midnight.
Applications by mail have to be postmarked by Monday.
The world-renowned British pop band gathers together again – but not to record or perform.
Famous British pop band The Spice Girls is officially back after Victoria Beckham agreed to participate in the restored quintet. Posh Spice, who repeatedly refused to comment on any plans to begin performing again, finally announced her decision to come back, according to The Sun report.
However, the girls are not going to record a new album or perform any time soon. Instead, they look to "explore new possibilities," which could include various talent shows and endorsements, The Guardian reports.
"We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together. We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls. The time now feels right to explore some incredible opportunities together. We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations," the band's official statement said.
The five reportedly signed a contract awarding them roughly $14.2 million each. Further details are not available at the moment. According to The Sun, the band is reportedly considering TV projects in China, a television talent show, endorsement deals and the greatest hits compilation.
"Victoria [Beckham] and Geri [Horner, née Halliwell] agreed it would be impossible to be part of a fully fledged tour because of family and business commitments," Hollywood Life reports, citing an unnamed source close to the band. "Now that she's a top designer, Victoria is concerned about singing but she wants to make money to pump back into her business."
Originally formed in 1994, The Spice Girls have sold 85 million records worldwide and remain the best-selling female group of all time and one of the best-selling pop groups of all time.
​Since splitting up in December 2000 following the release of their third album "Forever," each member has attempted a solo career, The Guardian noted.
"[Melanie or ‘Mel B'] Brown has acted as a judge on a number of talent shows; Beckham is now a noted fashion designer; Emma Bunton is a radio presenter on Heart London; and Horner has written books and judged on talent shows including the BBC's ‘All Together Now.'"
April 3 Johnson & Johnson:
* Janssen says collaborates with Premier Inc on unique study to improve stroke risk management among hospitalized patients with atrial fibrillation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PEORIA, Ill. (AP) — An exhibit of antique machinery on display at the Caterpillar Visitors Center includes the very first Cat to roll off the line.
The fully functional tractor carries the serial number “EXP 0000-L.” The Peoria Journal Star reports (http://bit.ly/2sc9RGG ) that the marking indicates the first vehicle off the California production line in 1925. It followed the merger of Caterpillar's predecessors.
It and other pieces at the museum in Peoria are on loan from Matt Veerkamp. His family has a collection of 125 tractors and other machinery begun as part of a construction business.
Karl Weiss is Caterpillar Inc. vice president for earthmoving equipment. He says the pieces in the yearlong exhibit are the foundation of Caterpillar's growth into a global giant.
Advertisement
Weiss asserts “Our brand was built with machines like this.”
___
Information from: Journal Star, http://pjstar.com
Jonkman: “We have to stop spreading the harmful chemicals that are killing our bees, no matter what. We understand nothing can be produced without bees.”
Harris: “I've talked to many around the area about this topic. We are extremely open to consultation with experts that will lead to the banning of these harmful chemicals.”
Gowing: “We know that neonicotinoids are a crisis that needs to be stopped. I will absolutely take this back to our government and work toward the solution.”
Dick: “Climate change is a big factor to the declining bee population as well. We're committed to protecting our agriculture and sitting down with farmers to talk about solutions.”
Benoy: “I hadn't heard about these pesticides, but I am committed to both protection and justice. If someone is harming your livelihood, the pesticide will be banned and they will pay.”
Small Businesses
Benoy: “The Libertarian Party's end goal is to remove the Ontario corporate tax completely, which in turn will boost small businesses all across the province.”
Jonkman: “The new bump in minimum wage is good for the employees but of course not so for the small business owners. A way to counteract this is reduced the current payroll tax.”
Dick: “The increase in minimum wage allows these employees to not only support themselves but buy back into the community and strengthen these businesses in the long run.”
Gowing: “The Liberals have already lowered taxes for small businesses by roughly one per cent since the minimum wage increase. We will continue to invest in these entrepreneurs.”
Mike: “I understand the cutbacks businesses around the area have had to make. Our lower hydro rates will help boost these incomes significantly.”
Photo: PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
It's where Oasis meets The Verve live and onstage.
Frontmen Liam Gallagher of Oasis and Richard Ashcroft of the Verve have unveiled plans to hit the road together on a joint North American tour.
Related: Oasis' Liam Gallagher Blames Brother Noel's Wife for Keeping Band Apart
The six-date tour launches May 10 in San Francisco, with shows scheduled through May 17, when they touch down in Philadelphia.
Gallagher will perform in Washington, D.C. on the following night (May 18), but Ashcroft will not be appearing on that date. See the complete tour itinerary and tour poster below.
Gallagher is currently recovering from a chest infection that caused him to cut short a performance at Lollapalooza Chile last night (March 18).
Liam Gallagher and Richard Ashcroft N. American Tour Dates
05/10 – San Francisco, CA @ Masonic ^
05/11 – Los Angeles, CA @ Greek Theatre ^
05/13 – Toronto, ON @ Sony Centre for The Performing Arts ^
05/14 – Boston, MA @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion ^
05/16 – New York, NY @ Central Park Summer Stage ^
05/17 – Philadelphia, PA @ Festival Pier at Penn's Landing ^
05/18 – Washington, DC @ Lincoln Theatre
^with Richard Ashcroft
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An appeals court ruled Tuesday that Los Angeles police detectives violated the rights of a man arrested inside Sandra Bullock's home when they obtained his consent to search his home and recovered illegal automatic firearms.
A three-justice panel of the 2nd District Court of Appeal unanimously ruled Tuesday that police detectives violated Joshua James Corbett's rights to remain silent during a police interrogation, and his right against an unlawful search of his home. Corbett was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock's home, and he has been charged with felony stalking and burglary.
Corbett remains in jail and is being held on $2.185 million bail.
The Oscar winner was forced to hide in a closet while she guided police to her home. Corbett was clutching a black notebook with a two-page letter to Bullock and magazine photos of the actress when he was arrested.
Corbett was unarmed, but police later found several automatic weapons and illegal tracer ammunition in his home. The illegal weapons were found while officers were trying to find eight legal firearms Corbett owned, but needed to surrender due to temporary restraining order issued against him.
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge threw out evidence supporting the weapons charges last year after determining Corbett didn't give officers permission to search his home. The ruling came after Corbett's lawyers argued police had denied Corbett's right to make a phone call, ignored him after he said he didn't want to be interviewed, and coerced him to sign a consent document to search his home by threatening to break down his parents' front door.
“There is no dispute that Corbett's Fifth Amendment rights were violated here. The police ignored his repeated and unambiguous invocations of his right to remain silent and continued to interrogate him,” the court wrote.
Tuesday's ruling also cited a note a police detective sent to a prosecutor handling Corbett's case about the interrogation. “Upon reviewing the transcript of the interrogation approximately one year later, (Detective Christina) Carlozzi wrote to the prosecutor handling the case, ‘Doesn't look good. I honestly hope this can be settled without a trial.'”
Prosecutors had argued during the appeal that detectives would have inevitably found the illegal weapons, but the court disagreed.
“We are in the process of reviewing the opinion and deciding on our options,” district attorney's spokeswoman Shiara Davila-Morales said.
An email seeking comment from the Los Angeles Police Department was not immediately returned.
Corbett's attorney Paul Takakjian said he was “extremely pleased and gratified” by the ruling.
Corbett testified during a hearing last year that he was going through opiate withdrawal when detectives came to interview him about his guns and felt that he was being threatened.
“He was threatening my family through me,” Corbett said of a detective's statements that without permission to search his home, they would have to go to his parents' home with a battering ram.
He also expressed remorse for going to Bullock's home. “I'd already hurt somebody that I didn't intend to,” he said. “I did not want to affect my family with my actions.”
—
Anthony McCartney can be reached at http://twitter.com/mccartneyAP
Comments
comments
0 Study: Puerto Rico death toll 4,600 higher post-Maria
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -
Over 4,600 more deaths occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Hurricane Maria devastated the island, according to a new study published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
4,645 more people died in the three months after Maria compared to the same period in 2016, Harvard researchers found.
Puerto Rico's official death toll for deaths as a direct result of Hurricane Maria is 64, according to the Associated Press.
Researchers from Harvard University who led the new study said 64 deaths are a “substantial underestimate.”
>> Read more trending news
The researchers found that, on average, households went 84 days without electricity, 68 days without water and 41 days without cell phone coverage after the hurricane hit on September 20, 2017, until December 31, 2017.
A total of 31 percent of those surveyed reported a disruption in their medical care and 14 percent said they were unable to access medication after the hurricane struck.
“Indirect deaths resulting from worsening of chronic conditions or from delayed medical treatments may not be captured on death certificates,” researchers said.
Many survey respondents were still without water and electricity at the time of the study's publication.
This is the latest study to determine how many people died during or after the Category 4 storm.
“The difference is that we went out and we had boots on the ground and we did the interviews,” Domingo Marques, an associate professor of clinical psychology at Carlos Albizu University in Puerto Rico, told CNN. “Statistically, it's like having interviewed the whole island.”
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage to the U.S. territory and resulted in the largest blackout in U.S. history. The entire island of 3.3 million people was without power, including hospitals and nursing homes, where people depended on respirators and other medical equipment.
Experts told CNN it is difficult to define which deaths were “caused” by the hurricane during the chaotic and unsafe conditions.
Puerto Rico has hired George Washington University to conduct an assessment of Maria's death toll. Those results have not been released ahead of the 2018 hurricane season.
At least one independent researcher is calling the methods of this new study into question.
“This estimate could be off by thousands. Easily,” Donald Berry, a professor of biostatistics at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, told The Associated Press.
The government of Puerto Rico issued a statement on Tuesday, saying it welcomed this new research and would analyze it, CBS reports.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Read more articles by
John Dennen
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
A flurry of speculation might have swept through the media that Floyd Mayweather, the finest boxer of his era, and UFC star Conor McGregor were close to agreeing terms for an unlikely, cross-code showdown.
But, as is so often the case, a fight isn't on, until Floyd Mayweather tweets it's on. And Mayweather has moved to deny that any agreement has been reached.
He stated: “Although there have been several rumours circulating through [the] media suggesting that I will have an upcoming fight, I'd like to set that record straight and state that there has been no deals made on my behalf in regards to a bout with any fighter at this time.”
Mayweather therefore remains officially in retirement. He added, “I am happily retired and enjoying my life! Rest assured that if any changes come about, I will be the first to let the world know!”
Government is moving forward with its plans to create Cayman's coast guard and they are getting some UK help to make it happen.
According to a media statement, today (11 December) Head of Border Force's UK National Targeting Centre Colin Brown and Commander Phil Bostock from the UK's Maritime and Coastguard Agency have been seconded to Cayman to help establish the coast guard.
Both men will arrive in January. Officer Brown will be attached here for an initial six- month period and Commander Bostock will be here for a year.
The UK officers will be advising on creating an integrated Border Protection Service and the Coast Guard respectively. A steering committee has been appointed to oversee both projects.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The Overseas Pakistanis Commission (OPC) Punjab has helped a US-based overseas Pakistani to retrieve his ancestral property.
The possession of 1 kanal and 16 marlas of precious ancestral land has been handed over to the complainant Nadeem Malik after 30 years, OPC Commissioner Afzaal Bhatti said here on Monday.
He said that the complainant's cousin Khalil had illegally occupied the land worth 1 crore 80 lakh Rupees in Rehman Gardens, Phase II, Sheikhupura, for the last 30 years.
The OPC after filling a formal complaint referred the issue to the District Overseas Pakistanis Committee (DOPC) Sheikhupura which after continuous efforts handed over the possession of the property to the original owner.
Afzaal Bhatti said that Nadeem Malik has appreciated the OPC for getting his land back from the grabber.
Nadeem Malik said that with the help of OPC, he got his property back without spending a single penny.
The commissioner said that the OPC was vigorously pursuing the complaints of overseas Pakistanis regarding government agencies of the Punjab and that a modern IT based redressal mechanism had been adopted for quick disposal of complaints.
Apple, the Cupertino tech giant has been blocking iOS update for its Russian messaging service Telegram. Apple has been blocking the update since mid-April. The reports are coming from the FAQ section of Telegram website that is dealing with the implementation of GDPR in Europe.
According to Apple, the latest version of the app which is 4.8.9 of the Telegram app on Android is GDPR-ready.
However, it seems that the company is still not sure how to implement the new regulations on iOS. This is keeping the fact in mind that Apple is blocking the update on its App Store. The iOS version of the app, on the other hand, was updated on March 24 and is currently running on version 4.8.1.
Both Apple and Telegram has not yet commented anything regarding the issue. It seems that Apple could be under pressure from the Russian government to ban Telegram in Russia. The telegram had been previously taken down from the App store following the reports of child pornography on its channels and groups.
Last month Russian government had also asked Google and APK Mirror to block the Russian consumer from using Telegram on their respective platforms. This week Russia's communication regulator, Roskomnadzor, had asked Apple to help them in blocking the app.
The ban on Telegram app is being imposed with respect to an order from Moscow's Tagansky court last month. The court had then instructed communication regulator to place an 'immediate ban' on the messaging app as it failed to comply with the earlier order given by the court which required the company to hand over its encryption keys to the country's own intelligence agency FSB.
At this moment there is no official comment made by either Apple or Telegram related to the matter. It is surprising though that the app is not being developed globally considering the fact that the ban was meant to be imposed in Russia only.
This weeks program was presented by Raveesha Abeykoon & assistant editor was Samoda Silva. Chrishelle Bulner contributed in today's program.
Organizers of the North American bid to host the 2026 World Cup insist FIFA members have not expressed concern about President Donald Trump's harsh words about foreigners or the U.S. Justice Department prosecuting corrupt soccer officials.
"Look, this is not geopolitics," new U.S. Soccer Federation President Carlos Cordeiro said Monday during a conference call. "We're talking about football and what fundamentally at the end of the day, what's the best interests of football and our footballing community, and we've had no backlash. We're very focused on the merits of our bid."
A joint bid by the United States, Mexico and Canada was submitted to FIFA on Friday along with a proposal by Morocco. The 207 other members of the international soccer governing body will vote on June 13 in Moscow.
Cordeiro, Mexican Football Federation President Decio de Maria and Canadian Soccer Association President Steven Reed spoke from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where they were meeting with members of the Association of South East Asian Nations, a subset of the Asian Football Confederation.
A solo bid by the U.S. for the 2022 World Cup was favored going into the 2010 vote but lost to Qatar. FIFA then changed the vote rules to give the decision back to the entire membership, which chose hosts prior to 1986, when the choice started being made by the roughly two dozen members of its executive committee.
"We believe that the member associations are going to judge us on the quality of the bids, on the merits of our bid, and that's it," Reed said. "We're very confident about what we're putting forward, and I don't think that we're concerned about politics."
Sixty games would be played in the U.S. under the bid plan, including all from the quarterfinals on. Three cities were included from Mexico and Canada, and both of those nations would host 10 games.
Holding a tournament in the U.S. would subject many of the documents generated to subpoena by U.S. federal prosecutors, who have secured numerous guilty pleas to corruption charges from soccer officials since 2015 and obtained convictions at trial last year against Juan Angel Napout, the former president of South American soccer's governing body, and Jose Maria Marin, the former president of Brazil's soccer federation.
"We haven't had any of those concerns raised by any of the members that we've met so far," Cordeiro said. "The reforms that FIFA undertook some years ago I think were spot on and we feel very confident that ultimately the right decision will be made."
Morocco's bid envisions spending almost $16 billion, including $3 billion to construct nine new stadiums, refurbish five others and build or renovate 130 training grounds.
The North American bid proposed venues be selected from among 23 stadiums that exist or already are under construction, including three each in Mexico and Canada. Sixteen of the U.S. stadiums are sites of NFL teams.
"The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflects the resources of the three countries," Cordeiro said. "We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, of cities and so on, and that reflects the 60 matches that we have on the table. But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA have asked for or have encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition."
___
AP Sports Writer Rob Harris contributed to this report.
In 2016, the volume of trade between Russia and Iran increased by 70 percent in comparison with the previous year, thanks to the removal of barriers to trade, Alexander Maksimov, honorary representative of the Russian Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Iran , told Sputnik.
Last year's bilateral trade was worth $2.2 billion, most of which was comprised of Russian exports of machinery, equipment, transport, food and metals. Iranian food exports to Russia made up just $0.3 billion of the trade balance.
"We think the increase in trade is connected with the improvement in bilateral relations between our countries and the growing interest from Russian and Iranian businesspeople in joint commercial activities. In addition, the two governments are creating the necessary trade conditions with the opening of specialized banks, joint ventures, free trade zones, free economic zones, the restoration of transport links and the introduction of new measures including the creation of 'green corridors' and the easing of the visa regime," Maksimov said.
In January, Russian exports to Iran of machinery increased by 7 percent and high-technology goods by 3.7 percent in comparison with a year earlier. The Russian Chamber of Commerce and Industry is keen for the increased co-operation to continue and to this end wants to see Iran undertake measures to further ease bilateral trade, including a relaxation of its customs regulations.
"In 2017, there has been a sharp increase in the above sectors primarily due to recently signed contracts in the transport sector (for the construction of roads and bridges), for high-technology equipment including oil production and refining, as well as new contracts for the repair of aviation and rail equipment and energy systems, for example, in the nuclear sphere."
"Trade turnover can also be increased without additional state intervention, however, it is very important that Iran reduce customs duties and remove non-tariff barriers, such as the requirements for additional certificates and limits on the supply of Russian wheat, which led to a sharp reduction in the volume of Russian exports in 2016."
Maksimov said that a range of projects are being planned which will further increase bilateral trade in the transport and energy sectors.
"The implementation of joint industry projects in the coming years, particularly the participation of Russian oil and gas companies in the development of 11 deposits in Iran, will increase the amount of bilateral trade between our countries up to $10 billion."
Russia and Iran have also been stepping up their co-operation in the services industry. Last autumn Russian banks said they were making preparations to enter the Iranian market following the lifting of sanctions associated with Iran's nuclear program.
In December, Russia Energy Minister Alexander Novak told the Iran-Russia Trade Conference that the two countries' central banks have been are working closely together and allowed ten large banks to resume activities in Iran and Russia, Mehr News reported.
Bahram Amirahmadiyan of the Russia-Iran Friendship Society told Sputnik Persian that further banking co-operation between the two countries would enable them to carry out bilateral trade in local currencies rather than in dollars or euros.
"Of course, the prospect of Russian banks opening in Iran is very attractive and important because it can widen and improve our economic cooperation. At the moment, all banking operations between Russia and Iran are carried out in dollars or euros. It's very inconvenient, because all these operations are controlled either by the EU or US central banks," Amirahmadiyan said.
